170 LIBERTY this record shows, while the two disciples were rebuked ; and the record is left for us. On every count it remains the same, Š true Christians do not persecute ; false Christians do. And when a Christian deliberately enters upon the persecution of any of his fellow men, he ceases to be a Christian, to be a follower of his Lord and Master, and must repent of his wicked deed and turn from his purpose, if he would again follow the example of his Lord. He who became the apostle Paul per-secuted the saints. He says he verily thought, while persecuting them, that he was doing the will of God. But Jesus Christ himself set Paul right on that point.Ł Above the shining of the noonday sun, the Son of God smote this persecutor to the ground, blinded, and demanded of him, " Why persecutest thou me ? " This man became changed,Š became a Chris-tian,Š and right there ceased forever his persecution. He thereafter suffered per-secution, but persecuted no man. Chris-tians do not persecute. Today Christians will not persecute. " But why call attention to persecution Ł in this manner at this age of the world when no one has any thought of perse-cution ? " some one may query. To such it may not be out of place to suggest that Sunday laws have in them, every one of them, the seeds of persecution as wicked as were the papers Saul held in his hand that day when he, with a band of Roman soldiers, went on his way to Damascus, with the authorization from the chief priests to arrest and bind and take to Je-rusalem all men and women whom he found believing on Jesus of Nazareth, whom God had raised from the dead. Persecution is bound up in these Sunday laws. They are neither religious, in the true sense, nor Christian. To enforce them makes no one a Christian. No one is made righteous by observing them ; for God has not required this thing at any man's hand. The righteous thing to do is to repeal every such statute, strike it from every statute book, and leave every one free to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, or not to worship at all. One thing is certain : Those who pro-fess to be Christ's followers, but would compel men Š by the enforcement of Sunday laws Š to do what the majority think is right, instead of meriting the blessing they fondly hope for thus doing, are themselves under the rebuke which the divine Lord addressed to James and John ; and should he speak to such today, he might also add, as to them, " Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of." But the Lord knows. He knew then whose spirit was behind John's proposal to call down fire upon the Samaritans. The spirit which inspired James and John then has inspired all religious persecution since their time. It comes not from Jesus Christ, the meek and lowly one, who came to save men ; but from Christ's foe, the prince of evil. Jesus taught : Š " Blessed are ye when men shall reproach you, and persecute you, and say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Re-joice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets that were before you." Matt. 5: II, 12. The blessing is pronounced upon the persecuted, not upon the persecutors. Men did the persecuting in those days Christians had to endure it. The same is true today. Christians do not perse-cute. tV tic The Church Seeking Civil Power BY A. G. DANIELLS THERE is at the present time an alarm-ing tendency on the part of the church to make use of the civil power. Every-where may be heard the clamor of pro-fessed Christians for the use of Caesar's sword. There was a time when the lead-ers of the church spurned the offer of state aid to accomplish their ends. They had faith in God and in the power of his Word, but no faith in the power of civil governments to promote the interests of religion. 