GEORGE MASON, AUTHOR OF THE BILL OF RIGHTS VIRGINIA LIRERTY  59 curat lex: or to class it " cum maculis quas aut incuria fudit, out human parum cavit natura." Better also to disarm in the L-nnic way the precedent of Chaplainsh i p s for the army and navy, than erect them into a political au-thority in mat-ters of Religion. The -object of this establish-ment is seduc-ing; the motive to it is laudable. But is it not safer to adhere to a right prin-ciple, and trust to  i t s conse-quences, than confide in the reasoning, how-ever specious, in favor of a wrong one? Look thro' the armies and na-vies of the world, and say whether in the appointment of their min-isters of religion, the spiritual interests of the flocks or the temporal interests of the shepherds, be most in view; whether here, as elsewhere the political care of religion is not a nominal more than a real aid. If the spirit of armies be de-vout, the spirit out of the armies will  never be less so ; and a failure of reli-gious instruction and exhortation from a voluntary source within or without, will rarely happen; and if such be not the spirit of ar-mies, the offi-cial services of their Teachers are not likely to produce it. It is more likely to flow from the labors of a spontaneous zeal. The ar-mies of the Pu-ritans had their appointed Chap-lains ; but with-out th.se there would have been no lack of pub-lic devotion in that devout age. The case of navies with in-sulated crews may be less within the scope of these reflec-tions. But it is not entirely so. The chance of a devout officer, might be of as much worth to religion, as the serv-ice of an ordinary Chaplain. But we are always to keep in mind that it is safer to trust the consequences of a right princi-ple, than reasonings in support of a bad one.ÑHarper's Magazine, March r 1, 1914.  (To be continu, I) Iv of Iv Church and State W. F. MARTIN AMONG the many blessings that true Christianity has brought to the world, not the least is a recognition of human rights. The state existed prior to Christianity. The state had existed in different forms. It was patriarchal, regal, oligarchic, dem-ocratic, etc. In none of these, however, was it considered that the government  had any limitations. In all, it as con-sidered that the individual had given up his entire rights to the state. A.).-,olute power was conceded over minorities' even in free republics. Therefore no rights of toleration were conceded to the individ-ual, even though it might be at ti:nes thought expedient to he tolerant. The 