40 LIBERTY recognized. and accepted. It was the re-versal of the Biblical revelation of the Son of God making himself man on earth ; it was the son of man making himself God on earth! There was one, Dollinger, who with full knowledge of the history of the pon-tificate through the ages, revolted at the blasphemy against God, and men. He stood alone! To call in question, to dis-cuss the decrees of the head of the church, was for the hierarchy the first  this memorable day; tell me if the de-struction of a few stones is not converted into an altar of country and of world progress! The Roman pilgrimage of 1869 was for the purpose of decreeing the infalli-bility of the Pope; that infallibility which, born of tradition, passed into cus-tom, and to-day unfortunately manifests itself in the popular ignorance which, at the first appearance of an epidemic, hangs votive offerings before the Ma- A NEARER VIEW OF THE GREAT ITALIAN MONUMENT, BETTER SHOWING ITS MASSIVE PROPORTIONS step toward submitting themselves to free examination; it was the little hole through which would pass the oxygen-ized air of science, of civil progress. And, therefore, upon the old walls of dogma they placed infallibility. That was, before the world, the last pilgrimage to the Pope-King. Compare that event with the one for which we are now preparing, the expo-sition, and measure the distance we have advanced in forty years, a day in the life of the Eternal City. Compare the material and moral exhibitions of that Rome with those of the present Rome, and then tell me if you, if the represent-atives here assembled, must not celebrate  donna, and kills the persons appointed to apply scientific remedies; that infalli-bility which stimulates the Pope to boy-cott the most legitimate human aspira-tions, the searchings of civilization, the explorations of thought, and moves him to plan new darknesses for the exclusion of the light of day. The pilgrimage of this next year will have quite a different meaning. Ancient Rome, of which we have so many evidences in the still-existing mon-uments 'and inscriptions, was the center and soul of a civilization that trans-formed the world. It came into exist-ence, lived a glorious life, and disŁ appeared after having spread among the 