LIBERTY Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof. Lev. 25 :10. Vol.. IV THIRD QUARTER, 1909 No. 3 Editorial THERE are principles enunciated in this journal that are vital to the maintenance of the equal rights of men, vital to the maintenance of man's liberties in things civil as well as religious, vital to the ren-dering of acceptable service to God. Let them be studied and passed on to others. S Ł Civic righteousness is exemplified in nothing so much as in the conduct of citi-zens toward each other, each recognizing and respecting the rights of his fellow men. In nothing is the lack of civic right-eousness so surely demonstrated as in the efforts of one class of citizens to bring another class of citizens to their mode of religious conduct by the compulsion of civil law. That is civic unrighteous-ness and religious tyranny. FIFTY thousand copies of the last num-ber of this journal have been circulated among the people. In view of the near-ness of the time when Congress is to decide the course of the nation toward the question of religious legislation, a much larger number of the present issue should be circulated. Let the friends of soul-freedom rally to the work, circulate the journal, circulate petitions, and urge upon representatives in Congress the im- portance of taking a definite stand against the Johnston Sunday bill, or any other legislation that would commit this nation to a union of church and state in any of its forms. WHILE we believe every article in this journal is important and deals with prin-ciples that are vital to the maintenance of the equal rights of man, we desire to call special attention to the article on page 13 entitled " Repudiating the Prin-ciples." The facts put together in that article are deserving of the most serious attention of every individual. The re-public was founded upon the broadest principles. The rapid repudiation of those principles now going on can not work for the good of the nation estab-lished upon them. True Protestantism stands for the largest liberty in the mat-ter of conscience consistent with the equal liberty of others, and for the Word of God as the unfailing guide in matters of faith and morals. The movement now in progress for the union of re-ligion and the state, with the consequent interference of the state in matters of conscience, and the strong attacks now being made upon the Bible as the Word of God and upon divine authority in mat- 