LIBERTY 163 If you would prevent child labor, you must destroy the liquor traffic, the chief cause of child labor. If you would make it easier for the youth to do right, and more difficult for them to do wrong, you must destroy the liquor traffic, their greatest tempter from the path of rectitude. If you would reduce the death rate and lengthen human life, you must de-stroy the liquor traffic, which increases our death rates by thirty per cent. If you would make the housing of the poor sanitary and attractive, and thus  destroy the liquor traffic, which reduces both mental and physical efficiency. If you would reduce poverty to the minimum, you must destroy the liquor traffic, which produces most of the paupers. If you would reduce crime to the min-imum, you must destroy the liquor traffic, the chief cause of crime. If you would reduce gambling to the minimum, you must destroy the liquor traffic, which chiefly encourages this vice. If you would reduce the number of insane and imbeciles, you must destroy Copyright Underwood & Underwood, New York SHIPPING $13,000,000 WORTH OF AUTOMOBILES TO RUSSIA FOR ARMY PURPOSES preserve their health and lives, you must destroy the liquor traffic, which ' is the chief contributory cause of bad housing. If you would solve the problem of the unemployed, you must destroy the liquor traffic, which throws and keeps more men out of employment than does any other cause. If .you would reduce industrial acci-dents to the minimum, and enforce the modern slogan " Safety first," you must destroy the liquor traffic, which is the chief cause of industrial accidents. If you would meet the present-day de-mand for efficiency of service, you must  the liquor traffic, their chief producer. If you would reduce the number of divorces and maintain happy homes, you must destroy the liquor traffic, the great-est wrecker of homes. If you would stamp out the social evil and white slavery, you must destroy the liquor traffic, which is their chief con-tributing cause. If you would add to 'personal com-forts and wealth, you must destroy the liquor traffic, which is the greatest waster of incomes. If you want commercial prosperity, you must destroy the liquor traffic, which 