LIFE AND HEALTH A Practical Health journal PUBLISHED with the view of meeting the needs of every home,Ñ teaching how to care for the health, and how to preserve life as long as possible. It is in no wise an advertising medium for patent medicines. It does not sanction them. It advocates instead hygienic laws and rational treatments in assisting nature in throwing off poisons. It teaches how to avoid disease as far as possible by conforming to the natural laws of health; how to manage when sickness comes ; how to relieve pain ; and how to combat disease through healthful living and rational home treatments. It is a health journal that will serve in many respects as a home physician or a trained nurse, bringing to the home much practical information upon the common-sense application of nat-ural health laws. Annual subscription, 75 cents ; foreign countries, $1 ; single copy, to cents. Send for sample copy and rates to agents. AddressÑ Life and Health, Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. The Nations of Prophecy IN " Daniel and the Revelation " the author takes up a verse-by-verse study of these two important portions of the Scriptures, care-fully going over the history of the nations, and showing how literally the Bible prophecies have been ful-filled concerning them. Every text is made clear and plain. A consideration of the Eastern question is one important feature of the book., The complete work contains over goo pages, and can be fur-nished in cloth for $2.75 ; full law sheep, $3.75 ; Persian morocco, $4-75. REVIEW AND HERALD PUB. ASSN. Takoma Park  Washington, D. C. Signs of the Times Monthly THIS is a magazine devoted to the exposition of the gospel as found in both the Old and New Testaments, and as preached by Christ and his apostles. The fulfilment of the prophetic portions of the Scriptures is made especially prominent. All students of the Bible will find matter both interesting and profitable in this publication. Price, monthly ( forty-eight to sixty-four pages, with cover in colors), $1 a year; weekly (the monthly issue and three other numbers each month of sixteen pages), $1.5o a year. Send for sample copy and special rates to agents. SIGNS OF THE TIMES Mountain View  California 