LIBERTY  11 Patriotism 0. 0. BERNSTEIN PATRIOTISM may be briefly defined as love for one's own country. It is not, how-ever, merely love for its " rocks and rills," its "woods and templed hills;" its scope is broader. Patriotism includes the love for the in-stitutions and the principles which make the country what it is. " Love is the ful-filling of the law." True patriotism, therefore, would mean loyalty and obe-dience to all the nation's just laws, and  labor and internal struggle. America's greatness is the result of her close adher-ence to right principles, and an American patriot is the defender of liberty, both civil and religious Ñ the two great principles underlying our national life. The tendency is to forget this. With many July 4 has but little significance other than a time for fun, feasting, and noise making; and it is a startling fact that good citizenship is often supplanted by intem-perance and lawlessness. Patriotism is more than noisy celebration. The Amer-ican youth should be taught to love and " BEFORE " A BOY'S IDEA the defense of its existence, rights, and in-stitutions. America's great patriotic day is July 4. On this day the American people celebrate the signing of the Declaration of Independ-ence, July 4, 1776, by public gatherings, patriotic speeches, firing of canon, and other demonstrations. There can be no question but that the Declaration of Inde-pendence was the beginning of this nation. We must not allow ourselves to forget the principles embodied in this immortal Declaration ; nor should we forget that our present position of national exaltation and influence has been reached by dint of hard " AFTER " OF PATRIOTISM do the right, and that he is truly patriotic who lives honorably and unselfishly. " So may our land be bright with freedom's holy light ; protect us by thy might, great God our king." The Time's 'Demand GOD give us men! A time like this demands Great hearts, strong minds, true faith, and willing hands; Men whom the lust of office does not kill: Men whom the spoils of office can not buy; Men who possess opinions and a will; Men who have honor, men who will not lie; For while the rabble, with their thumb-worn creeds, Their large professions and their little deeds, Wrangle in selfish strife Ñ lo! Freedom weeps, Wrong rules the land, and waiting Justice sleeps. Ñ O. W. Holmes. 