24  LIBERTY Editorial Brevities EQUAL and impartial liberty rests upon solid and indestructible principles. Until such a right is constitutionally guaranteed to each in-dividual, democracy will have no safe footing in the world. THE state should be in harmony with religion, but never be united with religion. The church should co-operate with the state, in render-ing to it its just dues, but should never ask aid from the state. THOUGH man may fail in his effort to make this world " safe for democ-racy," we should not for-get that God has prom-ised ultimately to make democracy safe for the universe, for to all eter-nity his subjects will be such because of their own free choice. THE man who fancies that he " rules by divine right " does not have to stretch his imagination much to make himself be-lieve that he, like Christ, is a mediator, sitting on " the throne of the Lord " for the purpose of propi-tiating the vengeance of an offended Divinity. WHAT this poor sinning world longs for is mercy, not judgment; love, not hate; spirituality, not in-tellectualism; heart reli-gion, not ceremonialism. The church that meets this need will most nearly fulfil her divine mission. The common people are sick and tired of cold, dead formalism and stern law. Let them have a little of the gospel of divine compassion. THE American continent, with its rock-ribbed mountain ranges skirting its eastern and west-ern slopes, hemming in the great Mississippi Valley, seems designed by nature as the world's fortress of liberty, as well as its cradle of free-dom. May America ever stand as the guardian  of human rights, the dispenser of equal justice, the protector of the weak against the strong; and may she never forget to welcome to her shores the oppressed exiles and victims of tyranny and cake. May the divine purpose of the great American Republic Ñ that of self-government and individual sovereignty in civic and religious concerns Ñ never be betrayed by friend or destroyed by foe in times of peace or in stress of war. THE true church of Christ is a democracy of covenanted believers. It is a spiritual organiza-tion, that uses only spir-itual weapons for spirit-ual ends. Its members are bound together, not by ecclesiastical bonds, not by civil coercion, not by dogmas or rites, but by a mutual and volun-tary covenant with the Lord. Such a church must necessarily be sep-arated from the state. The civil magistrate, as such, has no authority in it or over it. Christ and the unbelieving world are not united, nor can they be. WHILE we are making " the world safe for de-mocracy," we must not forget to make " democ-racy safe for the world." It is possible, in the ex-ercise of supreme power ¥ over autocracy and over patriotic men who offer helpful criticism founded upon honest convictions, that we may lose the real spirit of democracy and the essence of constitu-tional guaranties, while we are seeking to uphold democracy. The Romans held to the constitutional forms of the republic long after they had lost its spirit. They slew their tyrants, but tyranny still survived. This is a danger against which we must guard. Eternal vigilance is still the price of liberty. A STATE religion puts the king and the bishop on the throne, and the dissenter on the rack. Fear and abject obedience are the demands of such a dual monarchy. OUR COVER DESIGN WE present a new Liberty Statue on our front cover page, whose com-position is not of bronze, brick, and mortar, but of 18,000 officers and men of the American Army, who dedicated their lives to the defense of the true principles of liberty, represented by the famous statue on Bedloe's Island. The story of this living human monu-ment is thus told by Mole and Thomas, photographers and designers of symbolic pictures in true perspective, 915 Medi-nah Building, Chicago: " Eighteen thousand officers and men are represented in this living Statue of Liberty. The design for the living pic-ture was laid out on the drill ground at Camp Dodge, in the beautiful valley of the Des Moines River. Thousands of yards of white tape were fastened to the ground, and 18,000 officers and men marched to their respective positions. " The dimensions of the picture seem astonishing. The camera was placed on a high tower. From the position near-est the camera, occupied by Colonel Newman and his staff, to the last man at the top of the torch, was 1,235 feet, or approximately a quarter of a mile. From the base to the shoulder measures 150 feet; the right arm, 340 feet; the right thumb, 35 feet; length of left hand, 30 feet; the flame of the torch, 600 feet; the torch and flame combined. 980 feet; number of men in the flame, 12,000; number of men in the torch, 2,280." This is a remarkable picture, signifi-cant with meaning. Autocracy at-tempted to extinguish the torch of free-dom, but the defenders of democracy joined issue with autocratic militarism, and decreed its doom. The self-deter-mined autocrats of absolute authority have been compelled to leave their thrones, and give place to the self-determined principle of government " of the people, by the people, and for the people.' This great war, which has cost bil-lions in treasure and millions of lives on the altar of sacrifice, has given the Statue of Liberty a rebaptism, democ-racy a new birth, the world a magnani-mous ideal, and a free people a tremen-dous task to promulgate and perpetuate the benign benefits of republican in-stitutions, that liberty, equality, truth, and justice may prevail in all nations and among all people. 