62 LIBERTY Church, and under the influence of the priests vast fortunes have been turned over to the church or its functionaries to serve their own purposes. To this the republican government has put an end. Such masses are considered public worship, and the twenty-ninth article of the constitution prohibits the giving of money to religious associations by wills for this purpose. If such is done con-trary to law, the heirs may within a year reclaim such sums ; if they do not, the money reverts to works of beneficence. Yet one may by a will provide for one-eighteenth part of his goods to be applied on masses if he so desires. In order that public worship may be sustained, and for the donating of money to support the pastor or priest and pay the expenses of all acts of worship, the members may form a cultual corporation, which may receive donations and make expenditures, possess buildings and fur-niture, and in fact have and do every-thing any organized church can have or do in America. When we note the privileges and pro-tection a minister and the cultual cor-porations enjoy after having complied with certain requirements of the same law, we wonder at the hostile attitude of the hierarchy toward the government here. Other articles declare that the church shall not be used for political purposes, the minister of any religion shall not in his sermon touch on political topics, but shall limit himself to the work of the gospel. And this is certainly proper. When a minister gets out of his place, then the civil law should have the power to remind him of his sphere of action. Various bishops, including the patri-arch of Lisbon, who, it was expected, would receive the cardinal's cap, took their position against the formation of these cultual corporations. They for-bade the formation of such associations. The government responded, according to the law of the separation, by banishing them for two years from their respective dioceses. Here we have the cause of the conflict between the spiritual and tern- poral powers. The church is opposed to relinquishing her power over the people and over the government. We may judge as to the feelings of a very great number of the people by such demonstrations as took place Jan. 14, 1912. The chief manifestations con-sisted of anticlerical processions and speeches in different parts of the repub-lic. Banners were carried through the streets with the inscriptions : " Down with the Jesuits," " Down with religious reaction," " Down with clericalism," " Long live religious liberty," " Let the law of separation be complied with." The majority of the hurrahs were for liberty. The shouts of " Down with the religious tyrants " were mingled with " vivas " to the liberators of the nation. We were able to hear a few speeches, and they were against the union of church and state, against clericalism, against priestly interference in family affairs, and in favor of the granting of religious liberty to all. There was a marked tendency on the part of some to use expressions of infidelistic and athe-istic nature. Experience has taught the world that state religions create infidels and hypocrites. All religions are classed with the false religion with which the people are acquainted, and which has been forced upon them. Ignorance of the Bible and the abandonment of true Christian principles by those who stand as the representatives of religion, lead multitudes into infidelity and to final de-struction. That is what has occurred in every country where religion and the state have been united ; and it matters not what religion it is, the result is ever the same. Let Americans take warning from the disastrous consequences of such a union in other lands, and refuse to take even the first step in that direction. Let America voice an emphatic refusal when any organization demands the enactment of legislation that deals with the religious life and practise of the people. Only thus can she avoid the deplorable mis-takes chronicled against other nations in the matter of religious intolerance. Rua da Boa Vista, 145, Porto, Portugal. 