I8  LIBERTY argue for the necessity of Sunday laws to com-pel all people to rest on that particular day of twenty-four consecutive hours, and put it on the basis of man's physical welfare and health, and that God ordained Sunday observance for this purpose, it is evident that they are neither Scriptural, logical, nor scientific in their as-sumption. They are not Scriptural, because God never appointed Sunday observance. He did appoint the Sabbath, but for a different purpose. ¥ They are not logical or consistent when they ask the state to compel all people to rest on Sunday for physical reasons, to conserve en-ergy and health, or they would first ask the State to regulate the number of hours for a man to sleep each night; when and how much he should eat and drink; how much or how little clothing he should wear; how many baths he should take each week; and a thousand and one other things vital to a man's physical well-being. They are not scientific, because there is noth-ing in nature that teaches a man the necessity of resting on Sunday. Nature forces its owa obligations of man's necessities upon all men and creatures alike, which reason and instinct lead them to obey daily, without the aid of civil statutes. We cannot help but conclude that those who are clamoring for compulsory Sunday observ-ance in our legislative halls, on the ground of man's physical welfare and health, are really seeking to enforce their ideas of religious ob-ligation. They have sinister motives. Let us not thus mix the holy with the profane, the spiritual with the carnal, and the religions things with civil matters. A failure to recog-nize this vital distinction can lead only to con-fusion and a union of church and state. Lib-erty, justice, and democracy demand that a clear line of demarcation be maintained be-tween the religious and the civil, for the peace and safety of all. Not for My Opinions, but for the Right to Have My Opinions By Heber II. Votaw HE was standing on the street corner in the capital city of one of the great States of the Union, talking of some of the simple principles that must be followed if men would preserve the precious heritage of ,health. With the exuberance of a healthy en-thusiast, he made a sweeping statement which was immediately challenged by a man from among the company which had gathered about his platform. His reply was quick and forceful. Question, answer, hot retort, cool rejoinder fol-lowed, the itinerant apostle of the gospel of health showing complete mastery of himself and an acquaintance with both the weaknesses of hecklers and the changing humor of the street crowd, until, with all semblance of cool reasoning gone, the man from the audience poured forth a torrent of abuse as he hastened away. It had been an interesting diversion, and the crowd laughed. The speaker laughed, too, but only for a moment. Suddenly his face sobered, and half turning, he pointed to the little service flag, with its two bright stars, which hung from a pole at the rear of his platform, and said: " I love this land Ñ my native land Ñ be-cause it guarantees to every man the right to his own opinion. The man who has just left has as much right to hold his views as I have to cherish mine. This precious privilege of freedom of thought and speech and press was first fully granted nude; the flag that we love,  and I stand ready to give my all to my country because it gives me this. I am ready to give all I have; I am ready to fight to the limitÑnot fur my opinions, but for the right to have my opinions. The ink was scarcely dry upon the pa per declaring war, when my two boys volunteered for service, because they had been reared to cherish this right above all others, and they knew that the triumph of Kaiserism meant the forfeiture of this great boon." As I have thought of the distinction which the speaker drew, I have become fully con-vinced that it touches the core of real freedom. A man's opinion may change; his views may vary from time to time; changing conditions may completely alter his conclusions, and the man who fights for his opinions may be only opinionated. But he who fights for the right to have his opinions and refuses to be coerced into relinquishing that right, is a champion of the essence of true civil and religious liberty. The Issue FFROM the standpoint of this magazine the greatest question before the American peo-ple is, Shall free government he preserved/ or shall it perish not only from America but from the earth? It was Col. Richard M. Johnson who wrote more than ninety years ago saying in 'Oxtails¡ 