20  LIBERTY of the other, in pointing out a power that, claiming to represent God, has usurped the prerogatives of the Al-mighty, and established throughout the world a rule utterly antagonistic to every principle of the gospel, at war with the law of God itself, and claiming the right and the power to open and shut heaven as it shall please itself to do, the while it commands worship to itself, and penal-izes every belief and opinion not in har-mony with its own. That is " the beast " of prophecy, and "the beast" is the prod-uct of a union of religion and the state. Church and State in the United States An Interpretation of Prophecy G. B. THOMPSON THE United States of America has a place on the prophetic page. The history of other nations has been outlined by prophets, and written in the Book. Why should not this nation be the subject of prophecy? No other nation has ever risen to such greatness, and acquired so vast a territory by such peaceful means, in so short a time. No nation has ever existed, which was established upon prin-ciples so broad and deep and just, and where men were so free to worship, or not to worship, according to the dictates of their consciences. No man can give a weighty reason why such a nation should not be a subject of prophecy, and there is abundant proof that it is. The Prophecy The Scripture which we believe applies to this nation is found in Rev. 13: 11-17, and reads as follows : Ñ " And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth ; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon. And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed. And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the  sight of men. And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast ; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword and did live. And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. And he caus-eth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads : And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name." In the preceding verses of this same chapter is given by the seer a description of the beast, or papal power, the place from which it received its seat, power, and great authority, the worship and homage received by it from the nations, and its political beheadal or overthrow, in 1798, when General Berthier, acting under the French Directory, entered the eternal city, and took the pope, the head of the papal hierarchy, captive, thus in-flicting a deadly wound. All this and more is outlined by the prophet in Rev. 13 : I-1o. Then, he says, I beheld " an-other beast coming up out of the earth ; and he had two horns like a lamb; and he spake as a dragon." Application of the Prophecy In these few words the application of the symbol is made certain. The Reve-lator says : Ñ i. That it is " another beast." 2. That he saw it " coming up "Ñ ev-idently at the time the previous beast was seen going into captivity. 3. That it came up " out of the earth," instead of from the sea, as other nations were seen to arise. 4. That it had " two horns." 5. That these horns were like those of " a lamb." 6. That it " spake as a dragon." The location of this power can be 