HEADQUARTERS OF GENERAL WASHINGTON, NEAR W ILLIMANTIC LIBERTY 19 A tribute was then paid by the chairman to the W. C. T. U. organization, for its noble work in opposing intemperance and other social evils; but he expressed the be-lief that in the matter of seeking to have Sunday observance enforced by civil law they had gone beyond their legitimate sphere of action, because Sunday is strictly a re-ligious institution, and for the state to compel its observance was practically to unite church and state. The writer was then introduced, and spoke in part as follows: " I am sorry that the noble women of the W. C. T. U. organ-ization have turned aside from their exalted mission in opposing in-temperance, to champion a stupendous wrong; namely, Sunday legisla-tion. The history of the Dark Ages is an awful commentary upon any religious movement which seeks the support of the civil arm. " We cheerfully and most heartily uphold and stand by this earnest and devoted band of Chris-tian workers in all legiti-mate lines of reform work when they are separated from any alliance with the antichristian Na-tional Reform movement. But any re-ligious organization is overstepping the boundary of its legitimate sphere of action when it seeks the aid of the state in matters of religion. The state should confine its operations to things civil. The  Sabbath belongs to God, and should there-fore be rendered to God, and not to the state, nor to God through the state. " The absurdity of the ' civil sabbath ' can be seen by contrasting the law that provides for a civil holiday with a law which en-forces Sunday observ-ance by civil enactment. The law concerning holi-days leaves it optional with the citizen how he shall regard them, but Sunday laws define, un-der pains and penalties, how the day shall be ob-served, and make its non-observance a crime. The difference, therefore, be-tween a law regulating a strictly civil day and a Sunday law is as great as the difference be-t w e e n freedom and bondage. " Those who make such strong appeals for a civil sabbath do not do so in good faith. A few years ago in the Massachu-setts Legislature, a bill was introduced ask-ing for an absolutely civil Sunday law. Of course there was nothing in the bill re-quiring that Sunday should be observed in a way different from the way any regular holiday is observed. MAIN STREET, WILLIMANTIC " When a hearing was given Łbefore the committee in the legislature, the ministers who had talked so loudly for a ' civil Sun-day law' were present in full force, and. bitterly opposed the proposed legislation with all the enthusiasm and eloquence which they could command. " Mr. Grafts and other champions of 