96 LIBERTY The attorney-general inaugurated a State-wide crusade to enforce his puri-tanical notions of Sunday observance. The county sheriffs and city police of Iowa were authorized to arrest any and all who violated the law as interpreted by the attorney-general. In some coun-ties more than three hundred arrests were made on a single Sunday by deputy-sheriffs. Some of the most respect-able citizens and leading business men were arrested. While many paid their fines without trial, quite a large number appealed their cases to the courts for jury trial. A number of these cases have been tried already, and in nearly every case the courts have ruled that " the law is unconstitutional and cannot be enforced." In other cases juries have said, " Not guilty." Yet despite these acquittals and deci-sions by the courts, Attorney-General Havner persists in enforcing the whole law, old and new, as he construes it. Those who keep the seventh day, and under the code of 1897 are exempted from observing Sunday, are also subject to arrest, the attorney-general contend-ing that the act of 1897 does not protect them because they do not observe the seventh day from midnight to midnight, but from sundown to sundown. This fine hairsplitting the courts refuse to sustain. And yet the arrests are kept up, with the consequent costs to those arrested, in defending their cases. People Demand Repeal of Laws The people have become exasperated, and are demanding a repeal of these antiquated laws. Mass meetings are held to protest against the crusade and against the law. The Tri-City labor or-ganization called a congress and passed a resolution appealing to Governor Harding to call a special session of the Iowa Legislature " for the purpose of re-pealing the Sunday blue laws. The con-gress bitterly opposes the present State-wide enforcement of the Sunday laws under the direction of Attorney-General Havner." We are confident that if the people of Iowa had the privilege of voting on the Sunday law issue, they would vote all Sunday laws out of existence by as large a majority as did the people of Califor-nia and Oregon in 1914 and 1916. Pub-lic sentiment is. against Sunday legisla-tion. And yet a United States Senator of Maryland recently introduced a Sun-clay bill Š S. 2260 Š into the United States Senate which is even more drastic in its prohibitions than are the puritanical notions of the attorney-general of Iowa. It is high time that the people raise their voices in protest against this medieval system of religious enforcements which encroach upon the conscience of the in-dividual and the religious faith of the dissenter. Important Notice to All Lovers of Religious Liberty SENATE Roll 226o is such a drastic Sunday bill that it practically robs the citizens of the District of Columbia of every vestige of freedom in respect to a weekly rest day. It even prohibits works of necessity and charity by em-ployees one day each week. It is bluer than the blue laws of New England in the palmiest days of Puritanism. The chairman of the Senate Committee, to whom the bill is referred for recommen-dation for passage, is the author of the bill. So there is great danger of favor-able action unless public sentiment rises up against it. Let every citizen who loves religious liberty, a free conscience, and the principles of democracy as op-posed to autocratic religious domination, write to our office for a petition blank, and then secure as many signatures to the petition as possible, and send the petitions to one of the United States Senators from his State. Now is the time to act. " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." Address Editor of LIBERTY Magazine, Takoma Park, Wash-ington, D. C. 