66 LIBERTY is said that some of the soldiers of the United States army of invasion left a few Testaments in the wake of th,:. army. These created an interest in a few sincere hearts. The first missionary to enter the field was a woman. Miss Melinda Rankin in the early fifties went to reside in Brownsville, Texas. While studying .Spanish, she employed some Mexicans to act as colporteurs among their own peo-ple. Later she moved to Monterey, Mex-ico, and opened a school. In this school she taught the Bible, and after a while her boys went out to read and explain God's Word to the people. Soon she had fourteen little congregations. The leading denominations entered the country in the early seventies. In 19oo the census gave over fifty thousand be-lievers divided among the various Prot-estant churches in the country. At pres-ent there are probably about one hundred thousand professed evangelicals in the republic. These bodies are coming to-gether as much as possible, and are show-ing a willingness to unite with Rome in enforcing the observance of Sunday. In  various ways they are seeking to gain influence with the government, and the results will no doubt be the same here as in other parts of the world, where the government under pressure from relig-ious organizations, has enacted laws en-forcing religious practises. The result has always been oppression of conscience, persecutions, martyrdoms. The party in power at present pro-claims its adherence to the reform laws, but there is one political party now formed that openly calls itself the Cath-olic party. As the Catholics are clearly in the majority, if ever matters go by majorities, they will be able to control affairs as in the past. We are hoping that the day of their power may be de-layed. Mexico has had but a few decades of religious liberty, and we know not how much longer she may retain this price-less boon, but hope it may be retained until the everlasting gospel shall have been preached in all parts of the country for a testimony to its inhabitants. Mexico City. Why the Jew Hates Christianity A FRIEND OF THE JEW THE question has often been raised why it is that the Jewish people have not been more kindly disposed toward Chris-tianity. It has been repeatedly stated that if the Jews had only read the New Testament, the teachings of Christ and of his apostles, they would have seen that Christ was of the Jewish people, and came to redeem and to befriend them. Therefore why is it that there has been so strong an antipathy on the part of the Jew toward the gospel of Jesus? To the student of history the answer is clear,Š so-called Christianity has per-secuted the Jew. While it is not in the province of this article to enter into the merits of the persecutions, it remains a fact that for centuries, many of the so-called Christian peoples and nations have treated the Jew cruelly and barbarously,  and have done this in the name of Chris-tianity. Liberty of conscience has repeatedly been purchased very dearly by the Jewish people, and they have handed down to the world many remarkable object-les-sons in this particular, where their people have stood firmly for what they believed to be true and right. The saddest and foulest blot on the pages of history is the story of the persecutions of the Jew by so-called Christian nations, and the taking away of their liberties and their rights as a result of these persecutions. The most that the Jew has read of Christianity for centuries has been the story of the conduct of these people toward him in mistreating and massa-cring his fellow countrymen. It is to be regretted that the Jews have not taught 