4  /WM Ł " 401 ' o-  _ p". Ft - Ł NtriT)  *71 THE LIQUOR TRAFFIC BESIEGING OUR CITIES I00-  TEMPERANCE 1 "The Liquor Business a Fugitive From Justice" MORE than fifty years ago the liquor business was outlawed in the State of Maine. Since then eighteen States have declared the liquor business an outlaw. Nearly a score of other State legislatures have bills before them which aim to sub-mit the question to the decision of the people. The American people served notice upon the liquor business, through its representatives in Congress, when a majority of eight in the House of Representa-tives voted to sub-mit the question of national prohibi-tion to the people, that the liquor traffic will soon be declared a national outlaw. The men who enter the busi-ness f r o m hence-forth do it at their own risk of be-coming national outlaws, a n d that in the near future. William Jennings Bryan, in the Com-moner, of January, 1915, very aptly states what the double-faced politician may ex-pect, as follows : Š While the brewers and distillers are con-gratulating themselves that the prohibition forces could not secure a two-thirds majority, they are looking with blanched faces and trembling hearts upon the declaration, sol-emnly made on roll call, that a clear major-ity of the people's representatives in Con-gress are arrayed against rum selling. As it only requires a majority to pass laws, the liquor interests see in the vote on the amendment the beginning of the end of their supremacy. The death knell of the saloon has been sounded, and it is only a question 94  of a few years when the business, now made an outlaw, will be driven from the highways and forced into the secret places, where, after a few years more of fugitive life, it will meet its death. From now on the liquor business can consider itself a fugitive from justice, living in constant fear of arrest and pun-ishment. Many who voted for the prohibition amend-ment were opposed to its submission at this time, but, when compelled to vote yes or no, they preferred to ally themselves with the temperance f orc es rather than run the risk of being counted on the side of the sa-1 o o n. Others, who have fought the liq-uor interests in their several States, voted against the submis-sion of the amend-ment at this time be-cause they preferred to center the fight on the States where it is at issue rather than to have the attack scattered over the en-tire country. These will favor a national amendment whenever they think the time is ripe for such action, and in the meantime they will redouble their energies, and enter with still more earnestness into the State contests against the liquor inter-ests. The temperance element will not deal harshly with the man who voted, No, pro-vided he is in the forefront of the battle in his State, but woe unto the man who pleads " State rights " against national prohibition and then allies himself with the liquor inter-ests in his State ! He will find it difficult to convince his constituents that his arguments against the exercise of national authority on the subject expressed his real reason for voting No. The liquor traffic rests on the same basis as did the slave traffic. The argu-ments which the liquor traffickers ad- 