LIBERTY  41 Ô ¥ J _ turning upside down of a district four or five hundred square miles in area, are invented in demonstration of the lov-ing allegiance with which the infallibility of this life-succession theory is regarded by modern geologists. And this fanatical adherence to an an-tiquated theory is necessitated solely by the fear that otherwise we could not avoid the belief in the Biblical record of a universal deluge. The instinctive dread of seeing the ghosts of the antedi-luvian world arise from every stone-quarry or every mine shaft, confirma-tory of the Bible record, has kept modern geologists whipped into line in obedience to this out-of-date theory. Be-cause our increasing knowledge of the underground conditions in all parts of the world only confirms more and more the wonderful record of the Scriptures, that " the world that then was, being overflowed with water, perished." And if the fossils in the rocks were placed there by the great watery disturb-ance of the flood, the conclusion is inevi-table that, back of all this, there must have been a literal, immediate creation, at some definite time not very long pre-viously. Everywhere in the stratified rocks we find remains of plants and animals that once flourished in our world. They have been buried in the ground for untold cen-turies; and yet they are manifestly the predecessors or ancestors of the plants and animals now living. And when the human mind, inquiring into the origin of things, seeks to know how or when the present forms of life had their beginning, it becomes self-evident that the key to this question, if there be a key, is to be found in the right understanding of how these fossils were buried, and how they themselves originated. Of course a superficial study of the question soon led people to talk of va-rious successive ages in which these de-posits had been made, thus extending the beginning of things back into the abysmal recesses of eternity, and laying the essen-tial foundation for the development the- ory. For often immensely thick deposits of rock were found interbedded between various types of life; and the discoverers would grow eloquent in picturing the vast eons that must have elapsed after the lower beds were formed before the upper ones were deposited. Perhaps the lower or older beds would be remains of land plants, and the upper fossils would be crinoids or other deep-sea forms, with all these strata hundreds of yards thick lying in between. It was such conditions as these that gave a seeming reality to the successive ages pictured in such vivid language by the fertile imaginations of geologists. And of course those types of life found at the bottom were necessarily the oldest of the series, and those on top were younger to the extent of the vast eons of time represented by the beds spread out between. But these were altogether superficial conclusions; for it was soon noticed that not always the same kinds of fossils were thus found at the bottom, or next to the granite. Perhaps those found on top in one place, and thus judged younger at least than many others, would elsewhere be found at the bottom, or next to the Archxan or granite; that is, in the posi-tion of what were supposed to be the oldest. Or perhaps two distinct types of fossils, in many places found separated by vast beds of strata supposed to repre-sent vast eons of time, would in other places be found the one on top of the other with nothing intervening, and with every physical, appearance of having been deposited together at approximately the same time. Or perhaps in still another place, the traditional order in which the fossils ought to occur would be found entirely reversed, that is, the supposed " oldest " kinds would be on top where the youngest ought to be, while deep down beneath them would be the so-called " youngest," with every physical appearance of having been actually de-posited in this order, and the whole on an immense scale extending over perhaps five hundred or a thousand square miles of territory. 