LIBERTY 159 It has no agencies by which this could be accomplished. The state does not and cannot deal with the spiritual nature of man. To decide questions of religion does not lie within its sphere. It is not insti-tuted to purify and elevate personal character. The appeals of the state are not made to the consciences and affections of men. Its methods are deterrent and compulsory, not persuasive. It does not inquire into motives, but punishes acts. Its penalties are not vis-ited upon sin, but upon crime. The state promises no rewards be-yond the grave, but deals with this life only. It does not remit its penalties upon repentance of the lawbreaker. Thus the state differs, in nature, in  purpose, in methods, in rewards, in pun-ishments, in its source of power, in au-thority, and in its sanctions, from the church. Their purposes and aims and enterprises and operations lie far apart. Inasmuch, therefore, as .God has or-dained both the church and the state, it is clear and plain that there never can be any conflict between legitimate civil au-thority and the claims of the divine gov-ernment. There is a legitimate civil authority, and there is a legitimate church au-thority. As long as they keep in their respec-tive spheres, they cannot come into con-flict. And the only right relation of the two is absolute and complete separation. Atlanta, Ga. TAE 4.!.; Compulsory Prayers IN the Converted Catholic for May is a lengthy article by Josiah C. Pumpelly, A. M., LL. B., on the question of the Bible in the public schools. The writer gives a résumé of the present status of the movement for compulsory public school Bible reading, both in this coun-try and in Canada, and records approv-ingly the following : Š In Saskatchewan, Canada, a joint commit-tee has for its work the selection not only of Scripture passages, but also of hymns, and to prepare prayers, all for use in public schools. It would seem that it must appeal even to the most insistent National Reform-ers that the compulsory repetition of stereotyped prayers by children, many of whom have no religious conviction, no religious desire, and no faith, is a flagrant violation of the principles of the gospel, and shows an utter misconception of the true spirit of prayer. Very many prayers that are voluntary are ineffectual because of their formality and lack of earnestness. What shall be said, then, of prayers, which, in addition to for- mality and lack of earnestness, are said only because those saying them are doing so under compulsion? Not only are such prayers ineffectual and a waste of time, but they are an abomination and an insult to the Most Hie'. The in-spired writer tells us that " he that turn-eth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination." Prov. a8: 9. They who are not con-verted, who have not yielded their hearts to God, or who profess the name of Christ and refuse to keep his command-ments, are the ones referred to in the above scripture. If God regards the prayers of such as an abomination, how must he regard the efforts of those who are seeking to compel such persons to offer prayer to Jehovah? We commend this thought to the National Reformers and all their allies whose plans involve compulsion in religious things, and would ask them in the language of Scripture, " Who hath required this at your hand ? " The prophet of the Lord was protesting against formalism in religion while the heart was unconverted and the 