146 LIBERTY being advocated by lesser lights, that Sunday laws are not religious, but " civil," or " police regulations." Sunday legislation is both religious and sectarian class legislation, hence it is a  violation of both State and federal con-stitutions. Therefore, let every citizen in the State of Oregon vote against the one-day-rest-in-seven initiative bill at the November election. Will the United States Climb the Vatican Stairs ? BY CLAUDE E. HOLMES A Roman Catholic Writer Thinks So THE " Rome Letter " in Cardinal Gib-bons's organ, the Baltimore Catholic Re-view, Aug. 14, 1915, gives an insight into sonic of the Vatican's plans. Under the subhead " The World of Politics " the correspondent writes : Š " Politics are in the very air of Rome these days, and will continue to be so until the termination of the war of nations; therefore we must return to them. On the tenth instant the concordat between the Holy See and the kingdom of Serbia came into force; conse-quently on the following day His Excellency Michael Gavrilovitch, minister plenipotentiary of Serbia to the Vatican, presented himself for audience with Benedict XV. And in about three weeks' time the minister plenipotentiary of Holland, His Excellency Louis Regent, will do likewise. Who knows but a French and a United States representative may in the not distant future ascend the royal stairs of the oldest and grandest palace in the world for a similar purpose!" Luther Goes Part Way Up and Turns Back Martin Luther once went to Rome. He started to ascend Pilate's staircase on his knees. When part way up, he heard, or seemed to hear, the wonderful words, " The just shall live by , faith." Shame-facedly he arose and hurried down the stairs, and returned home. With those divine words ringing in his ears, he started the mighty Reformation. That great movement revived the vital prin-ciples of liberty upon which our nation was later built. Shall this great Protes-tant nation now climb the Vatican stairs, as Luther started to climb Pilate's stair-case, and in so doing repudiate the prin-ciples handed down to it by the Re- former ? To do this would be to dis-credit Luther's act in exalting the Word, with its message of liberty and equality, and to repudiate our principles of civil government. No Excuse for America Luther should not be condemned for going to Rome and crawling up the stairs of the Church of St. John. His training had been in that direction. At that time he knew no better. But there is no ex-cuse for the American government's ever supplicating the Vatican for lodging. The history of the Papacy lies bared be-fore the world. Spiritual darkness, illit-eracy, tyranny, and physical suffering have followed in the wake of Rome wherever she has ruled in the past. The founders of our free institutions were thoroughly awake to the blighting influences of this monarchical system, and they repudiated its doctrines of big-otry and intolerance. The Continental Congress was not afraid to voice its opin-ion of this power : Š " Nor can we suppress our astonishment that a British Parliament should ever consent to establish in that country [Canada] a religion that has deluged your island in blood, and dis-persed impiety, bigotry, persecution, and mur-der, and rebellion, throughout every part of the world."ŠJournals of the Continental Con-gress, Vol. I, P. 44. Nov. 15, 1774, Judge William H. Dray-ton, while on his circuit through South Carolina, delivered a charge to the sev-eral grand juries. In this exhortation he explained the relation of this country to the Catholic religion. Speaking of the 