Temperance The Liquor Traffic and the Home MATILDA WouLD you know the real character of the liquor traffic? Then ask the homes that have felt its cruel hand. No-where else can you learn so fully, so truly, the havoc made by this common foe. The liquor traffic enters the home unmasked. It leaves all pretense be-yond the threshold. There it drops all false promises of pleasure, health, and prosperity, and deals with ungloved hand its merciless blows of sorrow, suf-fering, and death to the loved ones in the family circle. It is the home that knows the full meaning of the depleted pocketbook, that feels the full measure of the sorrow and suffering born of intemperance. It is the home that hears the sobs of heart-broken mothers, and the cries of starv-ing children. And the saddest fact is this, that wherever the liquor traffic goes, it always finds the homes ; and upon their ruination the success of its cruel busi-ness depends. We shudder when we read the cold statistics of the liquor traffic, but what would these figures mean to us could we see the homes they represent ? - Nearly every dollar used in the liquor traffic has been drawn from a family purse somewhere. Every crime casts a shadow over some home. Every murder hangs crape on one door, and usually thrusts into another home a sorrow that knows no utterance. Every person sent to the lunatic asylum leaves a vacant chair in a lonely, saddened home. Every divorce cage means a broken home and aching hearts. But the thousands of young men and women claimed annually by the liquor traffic are costing our American homes rivers of tears ; for it is the home, and only the home, that knows the full value of the boy who has bartered his man- ERICKSON hood and the girl who has sold her virtue. After all, it is only the home that knows the traffic as it really is. It knows what is required to support the traffic,Š in dollars and cents, in sorrow and suf-fering; for every barrel that leaves the brewery rolls its curse to some family door. Remember that the statistics of the liquor traffic are not merely cold figures. They represent so many homes. Every unit in these statistics means at least one home. The two billion dollars used an-nually in the traffic drip with the blood of fathers and mothers, and the tears of their innocent children. All this money the traffic draws from our American homes, and in return it gives them noth-ing wherewith to clothe, to feed, to de-velop, or to comfort their families. No ; for value received the traffic each year gives to the homes of this nation about " 2,50o smothered babies, 5,000 suicides, ro,000 murders, 6o,000 fallen girls, 3,-000 murdered wives, too,000 paupers, too,000 orphan children, too,000 crim-inals, roo,000 drunkard's graves, and too,000 fallen boys." What does all this mean to our Amer-ican homes ? And remember that these are but partial statistics for the de-struction wrought by the traffic in only one brief year. Every year this terrible curse sweeps over the land, leaving its black trail of ruined homes and lost hopes. But, if the liquor traffic succeeds, homes must be sacrificed. ..As surely as the flour-mill needs grist, so surely the liquor traffic must have men and money for carrying on its business. Some homes must supply the money. Some homes must give up their sons to be drunkards, and their daughters to live immoral lives. The traffic will continue 43 