Rome's Interference With the Rights of Citizens W. W. PRESCOTT The Pope is as it were God on earth, sole sovereign of the faithful in Christ, chief king of kings, having plenitude of power, to whom has been entrusted by the omnipotent God direction not only of the earthly, but also of the heavenly kingdom. Š Ferraris's "Prompta Bibliotheca," article "The Pope." Whence it is not to be wondered at if to the Roman pontiff, as to the vicar of Him whose is the earth and the fulness thereof, the world and they that dwell therein, there have been granted, when just cause demands it, the most complete authority and power of transferring kingdoms, of dashing in pieces scepters, of taking away crowns, not only unsheathing the spiritual but also the material sword.Š Id. The present Pope is an honest, well-meaning old man, who seems to be quite incapable of realizing that he is living in the twentieth century, and not in the dark ages when Europe trembled before the bull of excommu-nication. He is as bold and extravagant in his claims as were the popes of the middle ages, and is apparently doing more to weaken the position of his church in the world than all anti-Roman agitators put together.Š New York Weekly Witness, March 13, 1912. THIS estimate of the results of the ad-ministration of the present Pope, Pius X, is doubtless based quite largely upon two of his utterances which have attracted much attention of late. First is the one called the Ne temere decree, relating to marriage, dated Aug. 2, 1907, which de-clares all marriages of Roman Catholics to be no marriages unless they are sol-emnized according to the rites of the church ; and the other is the Motu pro-prio, dated Aug. 9, 1911, which asserts the immunity of the clergy from secular jurisdiction. It is with this latter docu-ment that we propose to deal in this article. The text of the Motu proprio as pub-lished in Acta Apostolica' Sedis, the offi-cial organ of the Vatican, runs thus : Š " Official memorandum of our own motion concerning bringing clergy be-fore the tribunals of lay judges : Š " Though all diligence be employed in framing laws, it is often impossible to guard against every doubt which may subsequently arise owing to adroit inter-pretation of the same. Sometimes, more-over, on the part of purists who have undertaken to investigate the nature and force of a law, there are such contrary opinions that what has been settled by 56  law can not be otherwise ascertained than by authoritative pronouncement. " This, we see, has happened after the promulgation of the ordinance of the apostolic see limiting Censurce lake sen-tentice. For among writers who have ex-pounded that ordinance a great dispute has arisen concerning Section 7; namely, whether the word compelling applies only to legislators and public persons, or whether it applies also to private individ-uals who, by appealing to a lay judge, or bringing an action before the latter, may ' compel' the lay judge to bring a mem-ber of the clergy before his tribunal. " Doutbless the meaning of this section has been repeatedly declared by the con-gregation of the holy office. But now in these times of injustice, when so little regard is paid to the immunity of eccle-siastics that not only clerics and priests, but also bishops and even their eminences the cardinals, are brought into a court of laymen, the case altogether demands from us that by the severity of the pun-ishment we keep to their duty those men who are not deterred from an act of such sacrilege by the gravity of their offense. Therefore, we of our own motion do or-dain and decree as follows : Š 