8 LIBERTY the people congregated more to the pub-lic shows on Sundays than to the churches. Accordingly, in A. D. 401, at the Council of Carthage; it was decreed : " Canon 5. On Sundays and feast days no plays may be performed." And that this canon might be made effective, the bishops petitioned the Emperor Honorius, " That the public shows might be transferred from the Chris-tian Sunday and from feast days, to some other days of the week." For some reason this petition could not be immediately granted, but the desired law was obtained a few years later, A. D. 425. Meanwhile, what had been the moral re-sult of this Sunday legislation ? How much had it accomplished toward the re-generation of society? The facts had not afforded to the church leaders a very satis-factory answer to this question. Sunday work had been forbidden, but the people did not congregate to the churches. They evinced a much greater inclination to go to the shows and theaters. Then a law had been obtained closing the latter on Sun-days, but still the people would not go to church. They were " good " only in a negative way, going only so far in the practise of piety as the law compelled them. They were not devoted. Something further was needed to awaken their devotion. To solve the problem a theory was put forward by Augustine, the nature and results of which have invested it with undying noto-riety. He said: Š It is, indeed, better that men should be brought to serve God by instruction than by fear of punishment or by pain. But be-cause the former means are better, the lat-ter must not therefore be neglected. . . . Many must often be brought back to their Lord, like wicked servants, by the rod of temporal suffering, before they attain the highest grade of religious development. This theory was adopted and put into practise. Of the outcome of it the church historian Neander says: Š It was by Augustine, then, that a theory was proposed and founded which . . . con-tained the germ of that whole system of spiritual despotism, of intolerance and per-secution, which ended in the tribunals of the Inquisition. There is a direct relationship between Sunday legislation and the establishment of the Inquisition. The germ of the system which blossomed into the Inquisition was contained in a theory which developed out of the effort to make people religious by law. The same theory, with the same germ, is hidden in religious legislation to-day, as it was during the development of the papacy. There had been up to this date, following Constantine's edict, eight separate legisla-tive acts commanding the observance of Sunday, progressing in the scale of sever-ity, until, " in general, civil transactions of every kind on Sunday were strictly for-bidden." What had this legislation accom-plished for good government ? What had it done to preserve the state? History gives the answer by recording the fact that the empire was at this time flr in its decline, swaying toward its fall. The fall of the Roman empire, no intelligent person will deny, was due to its corruption. Side by side with increasing strictness in legisla-tion and increasing outward deference for Sunday, there had progressed a decay of virtue which left the empire emasculated and ready to fall before the onset of the barbarians. As a bulwark of good govern-ment, Sunday legislation had proved a fail-ure. It had been a source of apparent piety and real hypocrisy; nothing more. About half a century later came one further act of Sunday legislation, promul-gated by " the august emperors, Leo and Anthemis," making certain provisions to show " honor and veneration " for the " Lord's day; " to the end also that " a vi-carious repentance may pervade " men's minds on that day, and decreeing that any one attending games on Sunday, or other-wise violating the provisions of the edict, should " suffer the loss of his office and the confiscation of his estate." Then came the barbarians of the north. men unacquainted with religious laws and the vices of civilization, finding the degen-erate empire an easy prey to their virile though uncultured strength. Rome fell, and the barbarian victors are said to have 