LIBERTY (.83) 33  tnan that it is only the man of wealth and pleasure who is not affected by Sunday laws ? The recreation and di-version that the laboring man might en-joy are prohibited to him, while the rich can enjoy his automobile rides and other diversions, which the laboring man can not afford. Touching this point, State Senator Spellacy, of Connecticut, re-cently said in a speech before the Con-necticut legislature : Š You are making socialists and anarch-ists when you make one class stand idle and watch the other class go by in their automobiles. It is being demonstrated that the labor-ing man, in his organized capacity, can secure what he wants without the aid of legislation ; hence, if he desires his Sun-day rest, he can obtain it without seeking it through a class of legislation which would bring unnumbered evils in its train. It may be argued that, since the state regulates the number of hours that should constitute a legal day's work, it has an equal right to regulate the number of days that should constitute a week's work. It should be remembered by those who reason thus that there is a vast difference between the state's defining the hours that should constitute a legal day's work and defining how a man should employ his time one-seventh of each week. The man who works eight hours for a legal day's work has the right to employ the remaining sixteen hours of each twenty-four as he may elect; and for the state to define how he should use it would be to invade his natural rights. Likewise, the state would be going beyond her le-gitimate sphere should she restrict a man's work to six days and define how he should employ his time on the seventh day. Thus falls to the ground at once the argument that, because the state has a right to define the hours that should con- stitute a legal day's work, it has a right also to say what a person should or should not do on Sunday. The advocates of Sunday laws at- tempt to show that a person who disre-gards Sunday rest goes steadily down grade physically until he becomes bodily a total wreck, while the one who regu-larly rests on Sunday is strong and healthy. It would be well for those who advance such arguments to let their minds revert to the history of the past, and note whether such arguments can be sustained by facts as revealed in history. To il-lustrate : The ancient Greeks were re-markable because of their great physical strength and endurance, yet they ob-served no weekly day of rest. Neither did the victorious Romans observe a regular weekly period of rest. The following testimony from Bishop Andrews, of the Methodist Church, on his return from China, is directly to the point : Š In China they have no weekly di-vision of time, no weekly rest day, merely annual festivals. They work right along all the time, with no day of rest as such ; yet they live to a very advanced age. This fact has led one of the most careful thinkers who has ever been sent as a missionary to China, to raise the serious question whether the great purpose of the Sabbath is not for worship and com-munion with the other world. Those who will give this question thoughtful consideration will see that people are not reduced to physical wrecks because of Sunday toil, but because of a continuous lack of rest in sleep at night. .Instead of obtaining the needed rest in order to endure the trying ordeals incident to the strenuous lives that men are living, many are spending hours each night in pleasure and revelry that should be spent in absolute rest in sleep. From these considerations we would not have it understood that we are argu- 