LIBERTY 107 by a leading Protestant clergyman in Washington as he spoke recently to the Woman's Interdenominational Union in behalf of the Sunday bills now pending before Congress. The Cause of Persecution The desire on the part of the clergy in the past for dominance over a dissenting minority in religious matters, was the prime cause of all the bloody persecu-tions during the Middle Ages. Another  cause for much of the persecution in the past was a failure on the part of the church and the state to recognize a dis-tinction between civil and religious re-quirements, or the duty men owe to God alone and the duty they owe to their fel-low men. The state would never again be guilty of religious persecution if it rec-ognized this distinction, and operated only in the sphere of purely civil obliga-tion. The individual should be left free in things pertaining to God. c. s. L. What is Meant by "Immoral"? THIS question is a pertinent one just now, for the reason ( I ) that in Ten-nessee the Adventists are accused of ex-erting an immoral influence by refusing to keep Sunday strictly; and (2) because of the campaign launched by our Cath-olic fellow citizens to so broaden the meaning of the term " immoral " as to exclude from the mails books, periodicals, etc., attacking certain doctrines and prac-tices of the Catholic Church and priest-hood. But we submit that as properly used in civil law, " moral " and " immoral " can have only a restricted meaning ; as, for example, " moral " as " relating to the practice, manners, or conduct of men as social beings in relation to each other, as respecting right and wrong, so far as they are properly subject to rules."ŠWebster. In other words, we maintain that the state can of right take cognizance only of such outward acts as infringe in some tangible way the equal rights of others. That is to say, the state deals with im-morality only in so far as its practice tends to destroy civil rights. Theft is forbidden, not because it is sin or morally wrong, but because it is an invasion of the rights of property. Murder, false witness, and adultery are forbidden and punished for the same reason Š not be-cause they are sinful, but because they infringe natural or acquired rights, and  tend to make person, property, and repu-tation unsafe. To show what a wide range of mean-ing is given to the term " immoral " we quote the following statement from an article by Rev. George Batchelor, D. D., in the Christian Register of Jan. 20, 1916:-- " In 1824 Henry Colman was called to a new parish in Salem, Mass., by some young men who were not able to effect a settlement for him in any one of the existing churches. Unhap-pily his career was closed in seven years. Had he continued to preach for, say, twenty years, he would have been recognized as a precursor of Emerson and Parker. He founded a church without creed or covenant, prosperous for years without any limit to fellowship. When he published his inaugural address, Timothy Pick-ering, Postmaster-General under George Wash-ington, an eminent Unitarian, printed a reply to the sermon, in which he said that such prin-ciples were opposed to morals and religion, and would destroy the foundation of society." Now it is evident that the views set forth in Mr. Colman's inaugural as pastor of a Unitarian church could not have been immoral in the sense of being ob-scene or filthy, but only in the sense that they did not comport with the generally accepted views of man's moral duties ; namely, of the duties imposed upon all men by the moral law, or, in other words, by the revealed will of God. But in this sphere governments can have no legiti-mate jurisdiction. Here every man must 