LIBERTY  37 it not for the evil that would go along with it. But once let them succeed in this, and everything would be made of it, just as they have already made of the two words in parenthesis " (Sunday excepted) " found in the Constitution ; and a new impetus would be given to the movement to establish religion and enforce religious observances, partic-ularly Sunday observance, by law in this country. For this reason we are op-posed to any such amendment. ¥ ¥ The Limits of Civil Authority L. A. SMITH THERE are limits to the authority of the civil power, and these limits should be clearly understood by the people. A republican form of government, as con-trasted with an absolute monarchy, im-plies a limitation to the powers of the government beyond which it can not ¥ rightfully go. Civil government is not the custodian of the souls of the people. Upon all the pages of human history the truth is written plainly that there are two spheres of life within which man moves, with one of which Ñ the higher sphere of con-science and of, his relation to God Ñthe civil power can rightfully have noth-ing to do. Again and again the Al-mighty has vindicated the course of those who, in order to be true to him, have refused obedience to unjust mandates from the civil authority. The darkest pages of history are those recording the results of the invasion of the realm of conscience by the civil power. The early history of most of the leading re-ligious denominations of this day was marked by their resistance to the dictates of the civil power outside the sphere of is legitimate authority. The true sphere of civil government was well defined by the men who founded the American republic. The Declaration of Independence, justifying the separation from Great Britain, which led to the founding of this nation, says: "We hold these truths to be self-evident,  that all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights ; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of  happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the con-sent of the governed." This is the prin-ciple of government upon which this nation is established. ¥ ¥111¥¥ . Some Reasons tot Opposing Sunday Laws K. C. RUSSELL I. BECAUSE the enactment of Sunday laws is religious legislation, and is there- fore unconstitutional. 2. Because to enact such laws in-volves a legislative decision on a religious question, which is not within the province of the state. 3. Because Sunday laws sanction ma-jority rule in religious matters. 4. Because Sunday laws are a step in uniting church and state. 5. Because Sunday laws violate the principles taught by the founders of this country Ñ Washington, Madison, Frank-lin, and others Ñ on the limits of civil authority. 6. Because Sunday laws would es-tablish a precedent for the enactment of other laws of a religious character. 7. Because such legislation has been a bane to every government which has consented to it. 8. Because the government, in ma-king Sunday laws, must define which day of the week is the true Sabbath, and thus assume the right to be an interpreter of the Bible. 9. Because Sunday laws practically impose a tax of one-seventh part of time for the support of a religious institution. 1o. Because such laws create a hypo-critical form of sabbath observance, and thus bring religion into disrepute. II. Because Sunday laws are a species of class legislation, in that they are in the interest of a certain class of citizens at the expense of others 