168 LIBERTY the state, and turned it into a powerful engine for the accomplishment of its un-lawful schemes. And now mark the re-sult. Instead of granting to all within its sway that liberty for which it had so long and nobly struggled,Š the rights of conscience,Š the church robbed them of every right, both civil and religious. The church became a relentless persecutor, and used the civil power to inflict hor- men, and was one of the sacred elements of the religion taught by Jesus of Naz-areth. At last the power of the church was broken, and the rights of conscience were once more granted to men. In the great Reformation of the sixteenth century, the state practically threw off the gall-ing yoke of the church, and civil gov-ernment and religion were to a greater Copyright Harris and Ewing, Washington, D. C. PRESIDENT WILSON THE HOME OF TI- rible barbarities upon those whom it pleased to call heretics. But men still lived who cherished lib-erty, and who protested against being deprived of it by either the church or the state. Then a terrible conflict be-gan. It was not the church against the state, but both against individuals.Š the strong against the weak. Century after century rolled drearily by. The world's midnight came, and the instruments of torture and death were kept busy in the effort to exterminate the principle of lib-erty. Millions of noble lives were extin-guished, but the principle still lived ; for it was divinely implanted in the hearts of The whole nation extends its sympathy to the President or less extent divorced from each other. This was the dawning of a new era. The present generation is enjoying the liberty won in the last great struggle for the rights of conscience. But the liberty gained is not complete in all countries, nor is our liberty insured in any way. It is an acknowledged truth that history re-peats itself. And there is at this present time a strong tendency in various coun-tries to revive the union of church and state. Neither the church in its present con-dition nor the state is able to meet the mighty tide of evil that is rising, and it is thought that by uniting they may be 