LIBERTY (1073) 23 And when the government made a final separation of church and state, and broke the Concordat, the church complained bitterly. The conditions in England are very strange. As we have said, the king is head of the church. Thus a premier who is a Methodist or a Jew would control the appointments of bishops. This is an impertinence, and utterly ridiculous to American intelligence. Of course, the government means to act wisely and gra- compelled to accept against his will. Now a bill has been drawn up for ac-tion by Parliament to put an end to such a scandalous trial as that of Canon Hensley will be. The bill would make it lawful for any clergyman of the Church of England to preach in a dis-senting chapel, and for any member of a dissenting church to preach in an An-glican church. This is as it ought to be, but it is not the duty or right of the state, of Parliament, to reform the LEGISLATIVE CHAMBER OF THE PORTUGUESE REPUBLIC The body which meets here is the youngest national legislative body in the world ciously, but this is none of its business. A curious case is now presented to Parliament. Canon Hensley, one of the ablest clergymen in the Anglican Church, who is in charge of St. Margaret's, the fashionable church attached to West-minster Abbey, accepted an invitation to preach in a nonconformist " chapel," as they call it, in Birmingham. A rigid rector, in whose parish the chapel was situated, forbade him to preach there, but he did it just the same. He thought it an act of impudence ; but the rector was within his rights under ecclesiastical law, and he has brought charges against Canon Hensley, which the bishop is  church. It can under the British con-stitution, but that constitution ought to be changed. The High-churchmen, who believe that nonconformity is schism, have the right to protest against what they believe to be wrong. Let the church reform itself within itself, and not be forced by brute law. We do not wonder that a sentiment in favor of separation of church and state is growing in the High-church, or, at least, in ritualistic circles. They are saying much of Erastianism, but not yet with any seriousness, or they would not resist the proposal to dises-tablish the church of Wales.Š The In-dependent, 