MAGNA CHARTA ISLAND 32 LIBERTY UPSALL Come in ; the morning air blows sharp and cold Through the damp streets. JOHN ENDICOTT It is the dawn of day That chases the old darkness from our sky, And fills the land with liberty and light. THE LESSON " Why touch upon such themes ? " perhaps some friend May ask, incredulous ; " and to what good end? Why drag again into the light of day The errors of an age long passed away ? " I answer : " For the lesson that they teach : The tolerance of opinion and of speech. Hope, Faith, and Charity remain,Š these three : And greatest of them all is Charity." Some Notable Waymarks in Parlia-mentary History W. A. SPICER ONE of the treasures of the British Mu-seum is the ancient copy of the Magna Charta, a parchment brown and shriveled and dim, but with King John's royal seal still clinging to it. T h,e historian Green says of it :Š "It is impos-sible to gaze without rever-ence on the ear-liest monument of English free-dom which we can see with our own eyes and touch with our own hands, the Great Charter to which from age to age men have looked back as the groundwork of English liberty." It was June 15, 1215, that King John met his barons by the river Thames, not far below Windsor Castle. The army of the barons was encamped on Runnymeade meadows, and the King's scant following  on the opposite bank. The principals met on a little island in the river, where the famous document, with its sixty-three clauses, was signed and sealed. When King John returned to Windsor he threw himself on the floor and gnashed his teeth in rage to think that the barons had forced him to sign a recognition of the fact that there were rights of which men could not justly be deprived at the will of a king or his counselors. "In itself," says Green's history, "the Charter was no novelty, nor did it claim to establish any new constitutional prin-ciples. . . . The Great Charter marks the transition from the age of traditional rights, preserved in the nation's memory and offi-cially declared by the Primate [the head of the church], to the age of written legisla-tion, of Parliaments and statutes, which was to come." Foremost in complicating the controver-sies of the time was this old question of the relation of church and state ; and the whole history Š from the records of the first na-tional councils to the reports of the present Parliament sitting in Westminster Š bears witness to the great evils of confusing the distinct realms of the civil and the religious. The first statute secured in the British Parliament against heresy, was, character-istically enough, pushed through by a legis-lative trick. James Paton gives the facts regarding this act in his " British History and Papal Claims : "Š " The Commons affirmed that it had been 