24 LIBERTY lutely free and independent of legal re-strictions. " ART. 8.Š The public worship of any religion is also free in houses for this purpose that may always take the exte-rior form of a temple; but must subordi-nate itself in the interest of public order and of the liberty and safety of the cit-izens, to the legal conditions of the exer-cise of the rights of meeting and asso-ciation, and specially those contained in " ART. 19.- . . . [This and other dis-positions not being possible] the members shall be able transitorily to contribute to the public worship in their meetings effected by private initiative, but the min-ister of the worship must organize the ac-counts of receipts and expenses and have them always up to date, at the disposi-tion of the contributing members and [representative of the public authority] under pain of disobedience and of being THE CAPITAL OF THE YOUNGEST REPUBLI the present decree with force of law. " CHAP. III, ART. 43.Š The public worship does not depend upon previous authorization, neither upon the notifica-tion to which refers the law of July 26, 1893, now regulating the right when it is exercised in the places which have been destined to this, or that shall legally be in the future, and between the rising and setting of the sun. " CHAP. II, ART. i6.- Religious wor-ship, whatever may be its form, can be exercised and sustained only by the indi-viduals that freely belong to the respect-ive religion as its members or faithful. " ART. 17.- The members or faithful of a religion can contribute collectively only to the general expenses of the re-spective worship by means of any of the corporations, exclusively Portuguese, of beneficence or assistance. . . .  subject to the prohibition of the respect-ive worship." In the above articles we have about all the declared principles of liberty. Many other articles treat of the legal restric-tions, or rather the means whereby the religious faiths may become legal. All other societies have their statutes ap-proved by the government. The wish of the government seems to be to put relig-ious societies on the same footing as all others. We who have been so accustomed to perfect freedom of organization, speech, and press, judge this law to be full of restrictions ; but the Portuguese intend by this not to allow any religion to be-come powerful enough to dictate to the state what it shall do or say. The experience of several centuries has created a spirit of reaction against all 