LlBER11 121 December, the very day on which the ancient Romans celebrated the feast of their goddess, Bruma." On page 347 he says : " The time in which Christ was born has been consid-ered as a subject of great importance  among Christians. However, the matter has been considered of no moment by Him who inspired the evangelists, as not one hint is dropped on the subject by which it might be possible even to guess nearly to the time." Some Wise People to be Fooled By H. T. Farman ONE of America's greatest states-men once said, " You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you can't fool all the people all the time." But in things religious, some people love to be fooled all the time, as is evinced by the present uproar at Old Orchard Beach, Maine, over the Sunday closing of amusements at that place for three successive Sundays. Many arrests have been made, and fines imposed upon vio-lators of the Sunday law. There is a determined will on the part of State officials to have a quiet Sunday, while the pleasure lovers are just as de-termined to have their way. The last word from the attorney-general of the State to the selectmen of the town is that the proprietors of amusement places will have their licenses revoked unless they close on Sunday. This, of course, is ef-fective, as the taking away of one's busi-ness license is the taking away of his means of a livelihood. So of course we read of a " Quiet Sunday at Old Orchard Beach July 21."  If it were true that the noise disturbed worshipers in that vicinity, either in pub-lic or private devotion, or disturbed the sick, or even made home life-disagreeable, then such places should be closed every day, and all the while, as they are not a useful occupation. But if it is from a religious standpoint that the closing is demanded, then the whole question is changed. if the amusements are justi-fiable on week days, why not permissible  on Sundays ? The only answer that can be given for closing them on Sunday is the religious character of the day. But neither the proprietors nor the patrons are supposedly religious people. Why, then, compel them to appear as if they were, by restraining them from doing what they feel perfectly free to do and what the State law says is all right on any other day than Sunday ? Is it not apparent on the face of it, that such a regulation is a religious measure? Are governments instituted among men for the purpose of enforcing religion? Lib-erty's answer would be, No; that which is legitimate on Monday would be civilly proper also on Sunday. The individual only should determine for himself how he shall spend his Sundays, so long as he does not interfere with the equal rights of others. Do the well-meaning officials of the State of Maine think, because there were no amusement shows in operation last Sunday, that therefore Jehovah was much better pleased with them? Would they take the next step, and prohibit swimming? Yes, go farther, and enforce the old New England Sunday law, which fined men five pounds for kissing their wives on Sunday, and others for picking up chestnuts when returning from church service? No doubt some of the people love to be fooled, but to try to fool other people by legislative righteousness is a very ques-tionable business. 