LIBERTY 103 to dictate the policy of the government and compel those who do not see fit to conform to their ideas of religion to follow their manner of worship. Said the father of our country : " Any man conducting himself as a good citizen, and being accountable to God alone for his religious opinions, ought to be pro-tected in worshiping the Deity accord-ing to the dictates of his own con-science." These efforts put forth to break down the barriers of religious freedom should be looked upon by all  good Americans as a menace to freedom, and should be resisted. Again, notwith-standing the fact that this legislation is being pushed by the most prominent min-isters of the land, it is not in harmony with the true principles of the gospel or its great Author, who said, " My kingdom is not of this world," and " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." What Christ has separated, we must not unite. College Place, Wash. The Christian Citizenship Program H. W. COTTRELL FOR a number of months the eyes of the religious world have been centered upon the city of Portland, Oregon, because of the World's Christian Citizenship Con-ference, appointed to be held there June 29 to July 6. Eight commissioners were chosen for the world's conference, whose duty it should be to gather data from all over the world to present to the body assem-bled. The subjects assigned to these men are eight in number : Capital and Labor ; Prison Reform ; the Sabbath ; Intemper-ance ; The Family : Peace ; Mormonism ; and Social Purity. The provisional program for the con-ference is as follows : Š " The Press and Public Morals," Dr. Robert J. Burdette, Los Angeles, Cal. " Christian Forces in the Levant," Dr. Ar-menag Haigazian, Konia, Asia Minor, Turkey. " The Necessity of an Awakened Public Con-science," Judge A. Z. Blair, Portsmouth, Ohio. "Religious Instruction in State Educational Institutions," Dr. James S. Martin, Pittsburgh, Pa. " Municipal Reform," Dr. Mark A. Mat-thews, Seattle, Wash. " Prison Reform," Hon. Oswald West, gov-ernor of Oregon, Salem, Oregon. "The Obligations of the West to the East," Dr. Isaac Taylor Headland, Peking, China. " Religious Fundamentals in the Common Law," Dr. Richard Cameron Wylie, Pittsburgh, Pa. " The , General Scope and Purpose of the Portland Conference," Dr. Henry Collin Min-ton, president National Reform Association, Trenton, N. J. " The Moral Accountability of Nations," Dr. J. A. Macdonald, editor Toronto Globe, Can-ada. " Christianity in the New China, Ng Poon Chew, Canton, China. " Intemperance," Rev. Robert J. Patterson, Belfast, Ireland. " Cooperation of State and Voluntary Phil-anthropic Agencies," Rev. John Lamond, Edin-burgh, Scotland. " The Christianization of the Social Order," Dr. Samuel Zane Batten, Des Moines, Iowa. " Fourth of July Addresses," by speakers from different countries. " The Relation of Home Mission Work to National Life and Welfare," Bishop William Quayle, Oklahoma City, Okla. " Practical Patriotism," Dr. James S. Mc-Gaw, general field secretary National Reform Association, Pittsburgh, Pa. " Emigration and Immigration in Their Re-lation to the Moral Progress of Nations," Hon. Robert Watchorn. " The Impact of the Occident on the Orient," Dr. R. B. Peery, Atchison, Kan. "Juvenile Delinquency; Its Cause and How to Prevent It," Judge Ben Lindsey, Denver, Colo. "The Child Labor Problem," Dr. A. J. Mc-Kelwav, Washington, D. C. " The Ethical and Economical Evils of War," Prof. Edward Krehbiel, Stanford University, Cal. " Government of the People, by the People, and for the People," Dr. J. T. McCrory, Pitts-burgh, Pa. " The Holy Spirit in National Life," Dr. H. H. George, Beaver Falls, Pa. " The Moral Evolution of the City," Dr. Lyman Edwyn Davis, Pittsburgh, Pa. " Our Social Problem ; Is It Economic or Moral ?" Dr. T. H. Acheson, Pittsburgh, Pa. " Church Cooperation in Public Charities," Dr. Hugh B. McCauley, Philadelphia, Pa. " The Social Teachings of the New Testa-ment," Dr. E. A. Wicher, San Francisco, Cal. 