WILLIAM MCKINLEY " The Constitution is a sacred document, and it is a sacred trust, given to us to see to it that it is preserved in all its virtue and in all its vigor, to be passed along to the generations yet to come." (See last page of cover.) 38 LIBERTY States, one must at least " profess." Consistency, thou art indeed a jewel! Here is the " religious test "Š sup-posedly everywhere in America forever gibbeted Š made to serve the behests of state-favored religionists. South Carolina goes further, and in a sort of paternal way makes these constitutional exhortations to the peo- ple of that common- wealth: Let all persons apply themselves t o the observa- tion [of Sun-day], by exer- cising them-selves thereon in the duty of piety and true religion, p u b-Iicly and pri-vately, a n d having no rea-son of lawful excuse, on every Lord's day to resort to some meet-ing or assem- b 1 y tolerated a n d allowed by this State." Think of it ; Caesar a dvi s-i n g church-going and "piety and true religion "! The state counseling her citizens to " exercise themselves thereon " ! " Assemblies tol-erated and allowed" in America! What American citizen can calmly contemplate such civil overlordship in a matter that pertains to himself and his Creator, only? Oklahoma, too, says, in Article I of her constitution : " Perfect toleration of religious sentiment shall be sacred." She doubtless means well, but we hesitate not to say that her legislators had not the refined sense of the vitality of phrase- ology which should be one of the prime requisites of constitution-makers, or they would not speak of " tolerating " primary human rights. And this is emphasized by the fact that after incorporating this provision into their constitution, they proceed at once to enact religious legisla-tion. Notice the constitutional difference be- tween Ohio and North Dakota. Ohio : "All men have a natural and indefeas-ible right to worship Almighty God according t o the dictates of their own con-science. . . . No inter-ference with the rights o f conscience shall b e per-mitted." North Dakota : " The free exercise and enjoyment o f religious profession and worship, with- o u t discrimi-nation or pref-erence, shall be forever guar-anteed in this State." S u b - mitt ed to American church people for their choice as to wording, we have no doubt that nine out of ten would prefer Ohio's, and doubtless simply because it names " Al-mighty God." Dakota means all Ohio does, and vitally more ; it gives the Mohammedan and Confucian his "indefeasible right," which Ohio does not Š unless her con-stitution be very liberally interpreted in the light of other expressions. Yet un-der such liberal guarantys, both States 