LIBERTY 211 advertised ' resources ' are 'the sympathy, prayers, and contributions of those who love the Lord's day and are willing to aid in see-ing it preserved,' would carry out your threat? I assume, alas, you will. You are one of those who are too prone to mistake the law for the gospel. That is the characteristic of your cult. That is why the world disowns you. That is why the church distrusts you. " I know well that most names on this printed letter form are but names only, as they are on all manner of similar pieces of  the ' desecration of the Lord's day ; ' I am trying to do the Lord's work and to both preach and practice the Christian religion. And, which is difficult in this age and in this hot city, I am trying to do this both summer and winter. I am facing problems, and you are shirking. I believe you would face them if perchance you even knew what they were. I am doing this, I thoroughly believe, .both to the honor of the Lord's day and to the benefit of those whose souls have been com-mitted to my charge. Go on. Do what you PENNSYLVANIA STATEHOUSE, HARRISBURG correspondence. I know well that most of the men who fear them are good, honest, earnest men. But I notice their addresses are, with few exceptions, names of towns and places far removed from city life and city problems. " Out of Touch with Life " In so far as they sympathize with this silly attempt of yours, they are out of touch with their whole generation. They are quite as far behind the times as is the law you invoke, ' commonly called the Sunday law.' And I know better still that while, like you, they possibly have no real information about this specific venture of mine in this densely crowded city, they would be at pains to learn some facts instead of writing fiction. They are not to blame for ignorance, but you, sir, are. . . . " I never ran a place of amusement, either Sunday or week day, in all my life; I am rector of a church. T am not encouraging  threaten. I will go on, likewise, doing as I am. Very truly yours, "DAVID M. STEELE." That Dr. Steele is determined to stand stanchly by his colors is unmistakably evidenced by this statement made by him in an interview with a reporter at the rectory of his church: Š " We're going to continue our policy of pray and play' at the farm at Springfield,Šbaseball included,Š and it's up to Dr. Mutchler to stop us. " I've had any amount of offers today from my kind friends, . . . saying they will go my bail should the Alliance brethren make good their veiled threats. But I don't think I'll need the assistance of those friends. You see, I studied law for a couple of years my-self. . . . " I could have had a vacation, too, just as 