.04-Z CA7/0/Y,5' 5PECVL AT/ 14-.E7 /7/-1/L OS OPh', Š'7-1A1BEL1 , THE THIRSTY TRAVELER IGNORES THE OASIS IN PURSUIT OF THE MIRAGE LIBERTY 37 children forever." Just how God ac-complished the work of creation he has never revealed to men; human science can not search out the secrets of the Most High. His creative power is as incomprehensible as his existence. God has permitted a flood of light to be poured upon the world, in both science and art; but when professedly scientific men treat upon these subjects from a merely human point of view, they will assuredly come to wrong conclu-sions. It may be innocent to spec-ulate beyond what God's Word has revealed, if our theories do n o t contradict facts found i n t h e Scriptures ; but those w h o leave the Ł Word of God, and seek to account for his created work s upon scientific principles, a r e drifting, without chart or compass, upon an unknown ocean. The greatest minds, if not guided by the Word of God in their research, become bewildered in their attempts to trace the relations of science and revelation. Because the Creator and his works are so far beyond their comprehension that they are unable to explain them by natural laws, they re-gard Bible history as unreliable. Those who doubt the reliability of the records of the Old and New Testaments, will be led to go a step further, and doubt the existence of God ; and then, having lost their anchor, they are left to beat about upon the rocks of infidelity. These persons have lost the simplicity of faith. There should be a settled be- lief in the divine authority of God's Holy Word. The Bible is not to be tested by men's ideas of science. Hu-man knowledge is an unreliable guide. Skeptics who read the Bible for the sake of caviling, may, through an im-perfect comprehension of either science or revelation, claim to find contradictions between them ; but rightly understood, they are in perfect harmony. Moses wrote under the guidance of the Spirit of God ; and a correct theory of geology will never claim discoveries that can not be reconciled with his statements. All truth, whether in nature or in revelation, is consistent with itself in all its man-ifestations. In the Word of God many queries are raised that the most 'profound scholars can never answer. Attention is called to these subjects to show us how much there is, even among the common things of every-day life, that finite minds, with all their boasted wisdom, can never fully understand. 