LIBERTY 17 continues to attend a baptismal service in company with the adherents of his church, and within fourteen days he must pay five marks. Again, the military service causes much suffering to dissenters. Often young Christian men who would not vio-late their conscience and serve in the army on the Bible Sabbath have been condemned to imprisonment in the forti-fications. A short time ago there was a case of this kind in which a young man was punished with five and a half years' imprisonment for disobedience. A sec- this man, who is to be shattered to pieces, has still been able to accomplish, through a faith in his God and his Redeemer which could remove mountains, that which all the freethinkers of Germany, with their hundreds of thousands of meetings and lectures and articles in the papers, have been able imperfectly to bring about ; he has been able to unmask before all the world the Prussian pat-ented amateur Christianity, in its entire glory." A district judge has written concern-ing this case : Š PARLIAMENT BUILDINGS OF THE GERMAN EMPIRE ular periodical speaks thus concerning this case:Š "We are of the opinion that it would be impossible to conceive a case which would more pronouncedly, more truly, and more effectively mirror the spirit of the Prussian officialism of our times than the misfortune of this poor man. If there were nothing left of the Prussia of our times, neither the cathedral of Ber-lin, nor the parliament building, still a simple plain story of the fate of the Ad-ventist Š will place our descendants in a condition to clearly appreciate the sublime spirit of the beginning of the twentieth century. . . . Forsaken of all the world, crushed by the pitiless law, " The sentence of the martial court shows very clearly to what it leads, when one is really in earnest concerning his belief, and is not ashamed to literally fol-low the convictions of his conscience. The accused believes that he would have occasion to fear for his salvation were he to work upon the Sabbath. Now, what is the attitude of the state to this belief ? Š The martial court does not pay. any attention to it, because the existing statutes do not acknowledge Sabbath ob-servance. The accused is thrown into prison because he regards the Word of God higher than the commandments of men. The state's attitude toward the Adventists would be just if the state 