30 LIBERTY agraph nine of the National Reform pro-gram specifically demands such a test. Nevertheless, the program was carried by the conference without a dissenting voice, and to that program the delegates, both from foreign lands and the home lands, gave their assent, pledging them-selves by that assent to carry it out in the various mission fields to which they go. It means much to the nations of earth when America turns her face back into the darkness, and sets the pace for the world in that direction. The peoples of earth who were longing for light and liberty have long looked to America to show the pathway. She has done so, and multitudes have rejoiced; but if she shall now lead the procession back into medi-evalism, with darkness for light and op-pression for liberty, her sin will be the darkest and most inexcusable that a na-tion has ever committed. The program of the World's Confer-ence on Christian Citizenship is pointed in that direction, and the influence of a fed-erated church behind it is giving it a mighty impetus. Philadelphia, Pa. . Ł Putting God's Name in the National Constitution w. M. HEALEY WHEN any number of people organize a company, or society, for the objects of religion, and associate themselves to-gether as worshipers, they of necessity have some god to worship. Any society organized for business, for scientific re-search, for mutual assistance and protec-tion, or for any purpose or purposes aside from religious worship, would not need to name any god as being at the head of the organization, because worship would not enter into the plans and purposes of the organization. While no god would need to be mentioned that must be wor-shiped, this would not prevent any mem-ber from worshiping if he chose to do so. All could worship one god, or each might choose his own god, or there might be no worship at all, and yet all the purposes  of the society or government be fully met. If the government of the United States of America has been organized for the purpose of religious worship, it would be not only proper but necessary that its Con-stitution should have the name of god in it, and not only the name of god, but it should designate, by some means, the particular god to be worshiped. All for-eigners who might wish to become cit-izens of the United States would have to subscribe to their faith in this god of the United States of America. Ancient Rome was organized both for religious purposes and civil government. While it allowed the worship of many different gods, the constitution demanded the worship of Rome as the one great god. All citizens were compelled to wor-ship Rome above all other gods, tinder penalty of banishment for the higher classes, and death for the lower classes of society. If the United States is to mention the Deity (God) in its Constitution, it should carefully define who is meant. Would we have the God of the Jewish people, who would be denied as the one God, the Father of all ? or would we have the God which Christians profess faith in? If we choose this God, then we have difficulty again, because some would insist upon adding to the Godhead still another person, called the Holy Spirit and others would demand that our God should be a Father, Son, mother, and Holy Spirit in heaven, and on the earth a man, to whom all power had been del-egated to rule over this world. An attempt to put the name of God in the " fundamental law of the land," would place us in a plight much like that of the ancient Athenians in the days of the apostle Paul. The city of Athens, like the United States, had a cosmopol-itan population, besides the different classes who visited there ; and so they thought to erect an altar to the god of each sect who should reside in or visit the city. They erected their altars, until they had thousands of them, and then 