8  LIBERTY the civil power to regulate the conduct of men on a certain day of the week by compelling deference to a religious ob-servance, and the principle of religious liberty is violated just as certainly when the first step is taken in this direction as when the extreme limit of oppression is reached. Why is it proposed to make it " un-lawful for any person or corporation in the District of Columbia, on the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day, to labor at any trade or calling "? On no other day of the week, and on no other day in the year, is it a criminal act to perform ordinary labor or to in-dulge in amusements. Can any possible reason be advanced for thus distinguish-ing between the first day of the week and other days of the week, except only that the majority of professed Christians in this country regard Sunday as the Sab-bath? But what has civil government to do with the question of the Sabbath ? And how can that be called " purely a civil and not a religious measure " which compels a different course of conduct on a particular day of the week on the basis of an existing religious belief or senti-ment, and on no other possible basis? No man is at present compelled to labor on the first day of the week in the District of Columbia unless he chooses to do so. If his religious scruples re-quire him to rest on that day, no legal enactment can be invoked to compel him to violate his conscience. If he chooses to work on that day, there is no reason why Congress should forbid it. Sabbath observance is a duty which man owes to God and not to man, and Congress is not the divine agency for enforcing a relig-ious observance. The people have' never granted to their representatives in Congress the power to compel the observance of any day " as a Sabbath," or to compel any one to show an outward deference to the religious sentiment of the majority. For Con-gress to assume this right, and to make a man a criminal for pursuing legitimate occupations on the first day of the week, is a pure usurpation of power. If the people of the United States have not lost their true spirit of independence, and the appreciation of that liberty which was purchased at so great a price, they should rise up in a body in such a protest against this flagrant action as would make it impossible for a few politicians to curry favor with religious leaders by securing the passage of such iniquitous legislation. What will be the attitude of the people at this time when such an invasion of their rights is threatened ? The Exemption-Clause Fallacy IN the Sunday Observance Act of the Quebec Legislature, there is an exemp-tion clause which provides that any one " who habitually and conscientiously ob-serves the seventh day of the week as a Sabbath day, and actually abstains from work on that day, shall not be punished for having worked on the first day of the week, if such work do not disturb other persons in the observance of the first day of the week as a holy day." An observer of the seventh day was ar-rested at South Stukely, P. Q., charged with having performed work on Sun-day contrary to law, and the case was tried at Waterloo, P. Q., before Judge Mulvena. During the trial one of the witnesses, a Roman Catholic, testified that he was " spiritually disturbed " by the defendant in the performance of his work, and another testified that the work caused him " mental annoy-ance." In the decision Judge Mulvena said : Ñ The whole question, to my mind, turns 