LIBERTY 29 posed Jesus, were insinuating that his mis-sion had failed. " Jesus answered, The kingdom of God cometh not with outward show : neither shall they say, Lo here I or, lo there! for, behold the kingdom of God is within you.' The kingdom of God begins in the heart. Look not here nor there for manifestations of earthly power to mark his coming. " The kingdom of God comes not with outward show. The gospel of the grace of God, with its spirit of self-abnegation, can never be in harmony with the spirit of the world. The two principles are antagonis-tic. ' The natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him : neither can he know them, because they are  theless I live; yet not 1, but Christ liveth in me.' Then they will labor as did Paul for the benefit of men. He said. ' Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us Ł we play you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God.' " Religious Liberty Defended THE annual convention of the New York State Sabbath Association, a branch of the American Sabbath Union, was recently held in the city of Elmira, N. Y. Four-teen different denominations were repre-sented in this gathering, and leading speak-ers united in a strong effort in behalf of spiritually discerned.' " But to-day in the re-ligious world there are multitudes who, as they be-lieve, are working for the establishment of the king-dom of Christ as an earthly and temporal king-dom. They desire to make our Lord the ruler of the kingdoms of this world, the ruler in its courts and camps, its legislative halls, its palaces, and market-places. They expect him to rule through legal en-actments, enforced by hu-man authority. Since Christ is not now here in person, they themselves will undertake to act in his stead, to execute the laws Ł of his kingdom. The es-tablishment of such a kingdom is what the Jews desired in the days of Christ. They would have received Jesus, had he been willing to establish a temporal domin-ion, to enforce what they regarded as the laws of God, and to make them the exposi-tors of his will and the agents of his au-thority. But he said, ' My kingdom is not of this world.' He would not accept the earthly throne. " Now, as in Christ's day, the work of God's kingdom lies not with those who are clamoring for recognition and support by earthly rulers and human laws, but with those who are declaring to the people in his name those spiritual truths that will work in the receivers the experience of Paid- '1 am crucified with Christ. newt- CITY HALL, ELM IRA, N. Y. Sabbath reform y law, which, of course, means Sunday gislation. The cause of religious liberty was championed by the chairman of the Religious Liberty Bureau of Washington, D. C., and by the secre-tary of the State Religious Liberty Bureau of New York. During the convention a large amount of literature was distributed, and two mass-meetings were held in which the principles and results of religious legis-lation were plainly set forth. Some of the leading city officials gave their hearty sup-port to these efforts of the representatives of religious freedom, and' the daily papers published reports and correspondence which brought the real issues plainly before the people. As a result, a strong public sentiment was created in favor of maintain-ing the original principles of religions free- 