46 LIBERTY of this great republic when it enters upon a career of enforcing the religious opin-ions of the majority by " police regula-tions." Are the people willing that it should be done? Ł .1111nŁŁŁ Ł Books THE books reviewed in this column are books which we believe ought to be in the library of every student of religious liberty principles. The books noticed in our last issue were the following: Š Islam, a Challenge to Faith, Student Vol-unteer Movement, New York City; price, $1. Spain of To-day From Within. Fleming H. Revell Co., New York City; price, $1.25 net. Garabaldi and the Thousand. Longmans, Green & Co., New York and London ; price, $2.25. Foxe's Book of Martyrs: An Edition for the People. Eaton & Mains, New York; price, 75 cents. The Struggle for Religious Liberty in Virginia. Review and Herald, Washington, D. C.; price, $1.25. Liberty of Conscience Under Three Tsars. Fleming H. Revell Co., New York and Chicago; price, $1.50 net. The Trend of Scientific Thought Away From Religious Belief. The Gorham Press, Boston, Mass.; price, 75 cents. Pope or Christ, . . . With Proofs That the Pope Is Not Infallible. R. B. Neal, Pikeville, Ky.; price, 25 cents. Reviews The Footprints of the Jesuits, by R. W. Thompson. Hunt & Eaton, New York City, or Cranston & Curts, Cincinnati, Ohio. Cloth, 509 pages, price on application to the publish-ers. The contents of the book are classified under the following heads: Introductory; Ig-natius Loyola, Founder of the Order; Con-stitution of the Society ; Government of the Society; Struggles and Opposition; The Strug-gle for France; The Society Enters Germany; The Jesuits Enter England; Jesuit Influence in India; In Paraguay; The Portuguese and the Jesuits; Idolatrous Usages Introduced; Papal Suppression of the Society; Re-estab-lishment; Re-entering Spain; Revolutions in Southern Europe; Temporal Power of the Pope Overthrown ; Papal Demands ; Present Attitude of the Papacy; The Church and the State; The Church Supreme; Jesuitical Teach- ings; Papal Infallibility; The Church and Lit-erature; Intrigues and Interpretations; Con-clusion. The author shows how the separation of church and state is necessary to the pres-ervation of liberty, both temporal and spiritual, and that the policy of the Jesuits is to break down that separation, unite church and state, and bring all under the dominance of the head of the Catholic Church. The subtle in-triguing of the society in all the nations for the accomplishment of its aims is faithfully portrayed in the pages of this work. Every American citizen should read it. The Papal System From Its Origin to the Present Time, by William Cathcart, D. D. American Baptist Publication Society, Phila-delphia, Boston, New York, or St. Louis ; cloth, 478 pages; published in 1872; price, 5o cents. The work takes up the birth, growth, and maturity of every Catholic belief and prac-tise, showing the contrast between the papal and ancient Christianity, presenting all de-crees, canons, and other testimonies in their original languages and in translations, and set-ting forth the attitude of the Roman hierarchy toward our cherished institutions. It is a valu-able work both for general reading and as a work of reference. The Bible and the British Museum, by Ada R. Habershon. Gospel Publishing House, New York City; cloth, 152 pages; price, $1. The purpose of the author is to show how the recent excavations of archeologists and the translations of ancient inscriptions are proving from an unquestioned source the authenticity of the Bible record concerning the nations which it mentions. The testimony of the un-covered stones and monuments is answering the Higher Critics in an unanswerable man-ner. It is of great value to the Bible student, and if one understands " Israel " to mean spiri-tual Israel rather than simply literal Israel, we must agree with the author's conclusion in ref-erence to the triumph of God's purpose through his people. The Papacy and the Civil Power, by R. W. Thompson. Harper & Brothers, New York; cloth, 750 pages; price on application to the publishers. This is an earnest and, we believe, successful attempt to make plain to the peo-ple of the United States the history of the Papacy, its relations to the civil power, and its encroachments upon the rights of civil governments. This work is a veritable the-saurus of information upon all phases of the subject which it discusses. The reader will be surprised at the revelations which it makes, especially as to the designs of the papal hier-archy in this country. Its numerous quota-tions from authoritative documents are fully credited and authentic. No library is com-plete without this book. 