12 LIBERTY According to Neander's " History of the Christian Religion and Church : "Š" It was by Augustine, then, that a theory was proposed and founded which . . . contained the germ of that whole system of spiritual despotism, of intol-erance and persecution, which ended in the tribunals of the Inquisition."Š Vol. II, sec. 2, part iii, div. 1. In Operation in Colonial Times As a sample of this same church and state endeavor to make men religious, we find Sunday laws enacted in our co-lonial history, the penalties ranging from light fines to punishment by death, as provided for in the Massachusetts Sun-day law of 1671. Section io of this same law also provided that " whosoever shall frequently neglect the public wor-ship of God on the Lord's day, that is approved by this government, shall for-feit for every such default convicted of, ten shillings, especially where it appears to arise from negligence, idleness, or prophaneness of spirit." See " Book of the General Laws of New Plimouth," published by the General Court June 6, 1671, chapter 3, sec. 10. A civil officer known as the " tithing-man " was appointed by the government to see " that no young people walked abroad on the eve of the Sabbath." He also " marked and reported " all those " who lye at home," and others who " prophanely behaved," " lingered with-out doors at meeting time on the Lordes Daie," all the " sons of Belial strutting about, sitting on fences, and otherwise desecrating the day." These offenders were first admonished by the " tithing-man," then " sett in stocks," then " cited before the court." They were also " confined in the cage on the meeting-house green, with the Lord's day sleep-ers." The tithing-man could arrest " any who walked or rode too fast a pace to and from meeting," and he could ar-rest any who " walked or rode unneces-sarily on the Sabbath." " Great and small alike were under his control." See Earle's " Sabbath in Puritan New England," page 74. Imagine President Taft, for instance, being arrested by a tithing-man some Sunday morning for " riding " to church ! Yet that very thing happened to Presi-dent George Washington, in the year 1789, as will be seen from the following notice published in the Columbian Cen-tinel, of December of that year. The article is entitled " The President and the Tything-Man," and reads as fol-lows :Š "` The President (George Washing-ton), on his return to New York from his late tour through Connecticut, having missed his way on Saturday, was ob-liged to ride a few miles on Sunday morning in order to gain the town at which he had proposed to have attended divine service. Before he arrived, how-ever, he was met by a tithing-man, who commanding him to stop, demanded the occasion of his riding; and it was not until the President had informed him of every circumstance and promised to go no farther than the town intended that the tithing-man would permit him to pro-ceed on his journey.' "Š Id., page 75." Empty Pews and Church Decadence Empty pews are merely a sign of church decadence, and all efforts to rem-edy church decadence by law are bound to result in religious persecution. Commenting upon the decadence of many of the popular churches, which is recognized by earnest thinkers every-where, the Universalist Leader, of Aug. 27, 1904, well says :Š " A great cause, if not the greatest cause, of the decline is found in the fact that the church has ceased to be a church where the people may come for the wor-ship of God, and through that worship receive the divine influence into their souls, and become almost everything the ingenuity of man could conceive. The church has become a social center, a lectureship school, a college, a literary society, a place of amusement, a bazaar, a library, an institution of philanthropy, a nursery, a kindergarten, a soup-kitchen, an employment bureau, or a political caucus. . . . 