A Serious Reflection upon the Ambition and Vanity of the World's Great Men ALITTLE while ago I stood by the grave of the old Napoleon Ñ a mag-nificent tomb of gilt and gold, fit al-most for a deity dead Ñ and gazed upon the sarcophagus of rare and nameless marble, where rest at least the ashes of that restless man. I leaned over the balustrade and thought about the career of the greatest soldier of the mod-ern world. I saw him walking upon the banks of the Seine, contemplating suicide. I saw him at Toulon Ñ I saw him putting down the mob in the streets of Paris Ñ I saw him at the head of the army of Italy Ñ I saw him crossing the bridge of Lodi with the tricolor in his hand ÑI saw him in Egypt in the shadows of the pyramids ÑI saw him conquer the Alps and mingle the eagles of France with the eagles of the crags. I saw him at Marengo Ñ at Ulm and Austerlitz Ñ I saw him in Russia, where the infantry of the snow and the cavalry of the wild blast scattered his legions like winter's withered leaves. I saw him at Leipzig in defeat and disaster Ñ driven by a million bayonets back upon Paris Ñ clutched like a wild beast Ñ banished to Elba. I saw him es-cape and retake an empire by the force of his genius. I saw him upon the frightful field of Waterloo, where Chance and Fate combined to wreck the fortunes of their former king. And I saw him at St. Helena, with his hands crossed behind him, gazing out upon the sad and solemn sea. I thought of the orphans and widows he had made Ñ of the tears that had been shed for his glory, and of the only woman who ever loved him, pushed from his heart by the cold hand of ambition. And I said, I would rather have been a French peasant and worn wooden shoes; I would rather have lived in a hut with a vine growing over the door, and the grapes growing purple in the amorous kisses of the autumn sun. I would rather have been that poor peasant, with my loving wife by my side, knitting as the day died out of the sky Ñ with my children upon my knees and their arms about me Ñ I would rather have been that man, and gone down to the tongueless silence of the dreamless dust, than to have been that imperial impersonation of force and murder, known as Napoleon the Great. I would rather go to the forest, far away, and build me a little cabin Ñ build it myself Ñ and daub it with clay, and live there with my wife and children; and have a winding path leading down to the spring where the water bubbles out, day and night, whispering a poem to the white pebbles, from the heart of the earth; a little hut with some hollyhocks at the corner, with their bannered bosoms open to the  sun, and a thrush in the air like a winged joy, Ñ I would rather live there and have some lattice work across the window so that the sun-light would fall checkered on the babe in the cradle,Ñ I would rather live there, with my soul erect and free, than in a palace of gold and wear a crown of imperial power.Ñ Robert Ingersoll. tV An Ode to Prohibition (Tune: " America ") BY ELIZA H. MORTON 0 PROHIBITION strong, We've worked for thee, yea, long, in halls of state. Thou art our rear guard now, Our courage we avow, Thou wilt our cause endow, For thee we wait. In Congress soon the word, And from it will be heard, Stamp out the foe. A nation will proclaim For temperance, and the name Will be a living flame Where'er we go. Let men of might arise, And every one despise That which is wrong. Let temperance be sung By old and by the young, Let it be on the tongue And linger long. O God, our God, give strength, And may this cause at length Show forth its worth. Our rally call shall be, ON, ON TO VICTORY, On land and on the sea, In all the earth. Hor.n fast to the Bible. It is the sheet-anchor of your liberties; write its precepts on your hearts, and practice them in your lives. To the influence of this Book we are indebted for the progress made in civilization, and to this we must look as our guide in the future. Ñ  U. S. Grant. UPON entering into society for the purpose of having their natural rights secured and protected, or properly redressed, the weak do not give up or surrender any portion of their priceless heritage in any government instituted and organized as it should be.Ñ Alexander H. Stevens. 