Toleration or Religious Liberty Š Which? By W. F. Martin rr HERE is a wide difference between 1 liberty and toleration. Liberty is a gift of God; toleration is a gift of man. No man can grant liberty; no legislature can grant it : it is inherent in man Šborn with him. A man insults me when he tells me he gives me a right or grants me liberty. A government can recognize, declare, and protect rights, but cannot grant them. Toleration is a concession which may be withdrawn at the pleasure of the grantor. It is not only an assumption of authority over the individual who wishes to worship, but over the one who is wor-shiped. The same power which regulates or tolerates or permits the worship, per-mits the one who is worshiped to receive the adoration of the worshiper. This difference was not recognized in the Old World. It was not recognized in the early history of our own country.  Persecution of Baptists and Quakers, the hanging of witches, and other deeds of violence by mistaken religious zealots, brought the facts home to the thinking men who framed our Government. Pro-tection in freedom of worship was guar-anteed at the great convention in Phila-delphia, and enlarged upon by the first Congress which assembled under the Constitution. It was an act of the Amer-ican people first passed in Congress and ratified by the nation. It withheld from Congress the right to invade the home of reason, the citadel of the soul. This is the first example of a nation's ever doing such a thing. It has been well said that a guaranty of freedom of worship is America's gift to the philosophy of government. Let no one talk of religious toleration. To an American it is an insult. Let us talk of and uphold rights. The Church and the French Revolution THE influence of the church upon social life had greatly diminished. The peasantry chafed under being forced to give fourteen per cent of their in-comes to the clergy as tithes, hated the higher clergy as feudal lords, and ap-preciated their curates only as the cu-rates shared in tl e common distress. Only in Vendee and a few similarly sit-uated provinces were the upper clergy held by their people in such affection that actual civil war followed the at-tempt to put in force the constitution of 1791, with its provisions for making the clergy civil officials. Speaking gen-erally, the church had lost its hold, also, upon the higher classes. The philosophic age was bitterly anti-ecclesiastical, even when not anti-Chris-tian. Singularly enough, although hold-ing strenuously to their ecclesiastical prerogatives, the upper clergy were af- fected by the current skepticism. A curate of Paris was once asked whether the bishops really believed the doctrines upon which they insisted so strenuously. " There may be four or five," he replied. It will not do to take such a bit of flot-sam too seriously, nut there can be no doubt that leading churchmen gravely discussed the probability of immortality, and were in some cases openly profligate. So far as its more lucrative offices were concerned, the church had become a mere profession, to which bright young men with no other prospects could be appren-ticed. What religious influence could one ex-pect to be exerted by men like Cardinal de Rohan, or like Talleyrand of Autun ? Yet the church still persecuted Protes-tants. In Normandy we find the clergy wishing laws preventing the " Protes-tants from building churches, and even 89 