L I h. M1 101 " Ł Alcohol Š '' i. Is nonefficient as a food, a most awful, wasteful substitute. " ' 2. May be classed as a drug and a poi- son. " 3. Has no rightful position as a medi- cine. " ' 4. Destroys individual, domestic and civil. " 5. Increases taxation by filling prisons, madhouses, and workhouses. " 6. Greatest foe to civilization in heathen lands. ' 7. Therefore could be wholly abolished with profit. " 8. Therefore, as one of the human family, an individual member has no right to intro-duce into the household or use for his own pleasure that which hurts even one other mem-ber, or sets at work an evil influence he has no well-grounded hope of controlling. . . . It is clear in the light of experience and of recent research work that alcohol ought to be classed in the list of dangerous drugs, along with morphine, cocaine, and chloral, a drug which may so affect the will power as to gain the complete mastery over a' patient and in the end destroy him. . . . As a citizen, I note that it is alcohol which fills our prisons, whether taken in the form of a strong bev-erage as whisky, or beer, as a representative of milder beverages. It is at the bottom of most crimes, domestic infi- delity, poverty, seductions, murders; it is allied to all that is evil and destructive of the high aims of civilization." . . "Let the following facts also give answer : " Alcohol is a liquid poison. It at-tacks the tis-sues that compose the various parts of the human organism. . . . The most delicate tis-sues are those composing the brain and nerves. Here alcoholic poison works especial havoc. It impairs the highest functions of the brain, the sense of right, of moral conduct, of proper obligation  to society and to God. It. thus imperils virtue, integrity, respect for law and or-der Š all that is sacred and pure in civ-ilization. It is the chief source of im-morality and crime. " Madanie Tarnowsky, in her famous study of female offenders,' says that eighty-two per cent of fallen women were brought to ruin by alcohol. In a recent investigation the Massachusetts Bureau of Labor Statistics found that eighty-four per cent of the convicted criminals of that State were made crimi-nals by drink. A lord chief justice of England said that if sifted, nine tenths of the crime of England and Wales could be traced to drink. Col. L. Merwin Maus, who served forty-one years in the Medical Corps of the United States Army, who organized the Public Health Service in the Philippines, and who has made a profound study of the effect of alcoholic liquors on the human race, says that probably all the crime committed in the army, directly or indirectly, can be traced to alcohol. He says, further, that nearly all crime may be traced to al-coholic drink. He calls alco-hol ' our ra-cial poison ' and holds it mainly re-sponsible for our 2 0 0,000 insane, our 250.-000 feeble-minded, our Ioo,000 deaf and dumb, our Ioo,000 blind, our 50,000 juvenile delinquents in institutions, our Ioo,000 paupers, our 150,000 prisoners and crim-inals. Vance Thompson, who has writ-ten a stirring and impressive indictment of alcohol under the ironical title ' Drink and Be Sober,' says: SAVE THE BOYS 