Erligious Etherty Assuriation DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES Scriptural Basis: " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." " The powers that be are ordained of God." 1. The Bible is the Word of God, and Jesus Christ the Saviour of the world. a. The ten commandments are the foundation of all morality, and comprehend the whole duty of man, both as relates to God and man. 3. The gospel of Jesus Christ, founded in the love of God, needs no human power to support or enforce it. 4. Civil government is of divine origin, designed for the protection of men in the enjoyment of their natural rights. The " powers that be " are ordained to rule in civil things, and in this realm are entitled to the respectful obedience of all. 5. It is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship, or not to worship, according to the dictates of his own conscience, provided that in the exercise of that right he does not interfere with the equal rights of others. 6. The civil power is not authorized to enter the realm of religion, enacting legislation to define or to enforce any religious dogma, ritual, or observance. Co-ercion in matters of religion always means persecution. 7. All religious legislation on the part of the state, and all movements tending to unite church and state, are destructive of human rights, persecuting in character, and subversive of the best interests of both church and state. 8. It is proper, therefore, for all to use every laudable and legitimate means to prevent religious legislation, or the union of church and state, in order that all may enjoy the inestimable blessings of religious liberty. 9. The liquor traffic is a curse to the home, to society, and to the nation, and a menace to civil order, and should be prohibited by law. For further information regarding the principles of this organization, address the Religious Liberty Association, Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. (president A. G. Daniells; secretary, K. C. Russell; corresponding secretary, W. A. Colcord), or any of the affiliated organizations given below: Š BRANCH OFFICES Atlantic Religious Liberty Association (affil-iated organizations in Maine, Vermont, Massa-chusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Connecti-cut, and Rhode Island): Office, South Lan-caster, Mass.; president, E. W. Farnsworth; secretary, C. S. Longacre. Canadian Religious Liberty Association (af-filiated organizations in New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Quebec, Ontario, and Newfoundland): Office, 173 Second Ave., Ottawa. Ontario; pres-ident, Wm. Guthrie; secretary, Eugene Leland. Central States Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Kansas, Nebraska, Missouri, Colorado, and Wyoming): Office, Col-lege View, Neb.; president, E. T. Russell; sec-retary, J. S. Wightman. Columbia Religious Liberty Association (af-filiated organizations in Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Jersey, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware, and Maryland): Office, -; president, B. G. Wilkinson, Takoma Park, D. C. Lake Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin): Office, 213-215 Dean Building, 113 S. Lafayette St., South Bend, Ind.; president, Allen Moon. Northern Religious Liberty Association (affil-iated organizations in Minnesota, Iowa, North Dakota, and South Dakota): Office, 2718 Third Ave., S., Minneapolis, Minn.; president, R. A. Underwood; secretary, C. M. Clark. North Pacific Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Montana, and Alaska): Office, Walla Walla, Wash., Box 429; president, W. B. White; secretary, A. J. Breed. Pacific Religious Liberty Association (affili-ated organizations in California, Nevada, Utah, and Arizona): Office, Mountain View, Cal.; president, H. W. Cottrell; secretary, J. 0. Corliss. Southeastern Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina): Office, 75 Ashby St., Atlanta, Ga.; president, W. A. West-worth. Southern Religious Liberty Association (affil-iated organizations in Alabama, Kentucky, Ten-nessee, Louisiana, and Mississippi): Office, 85-87 Arcade Building, Nashville, Tenn.; president, C. F. McVagh; secretary, S. B. Horton. Southwestern Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Arkansas, Oklahoma, Texas, and New Mexico): Office, Keene, Tex.; president, Clarence Santee. FOREIGN OFFICES Australia: Office, " Elsnath," Burwood St., Burwood, N. S. W., Australia; president, J. E. Fulton. Great Britain: Office, Stanborough Park, Watford, Herts, England; president, W. J. Fitzgerald; secretary, W. T. Bartlett. 