4 LIBERTY ican, the frown of the Pope, the curse of the hierarchy so far as it dares to ex-press it, follows these men, and will al-ways follow them. Who has been the loser?Š Not Mr. Roosevelt or Mr. Fair-banks. What they would have sacrificed to see the Pope under such conditions would have been immeasurably beyond anything they could have received in exchange for the surrender. The world, through this incident, has had a striking exhibition, and it has not redounded any to the credit of that system which fawns only upon those who will sell their rights and their manhood to win its smiles. Our readers have been made familiar with the incident through other journals. Suffice it to say here that Rome has given another illustration of her perpetual pur-pose to establish her throne upon the thrones of all the nations, and rule the whole world from her seat upon the Tiber. That is her purpose expressed times unnumbered, and it is refreshing to see from time to time a concrete illus-tration of the fact that she will not ac-complish her purpose unopposed. Will she ever accomplish that purpose? The Word of God says so, and that is suffi-cient for us. We know it will come, but we glory in every protest against it; for the culmination of the purpose means the ruin of the world. c. M. S. The Pope and the World THERE are many who see, in recent developments and through the lessons of history, the continued cherished purpose of the Papacy to rule the world. Said Bishop Earl Cranston, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, in a sermon at York, Pa., on March 20, before the Central Pennsylvania M. E. conference: Š Now suppose with the addition of more territory, with twelve or more mil-lions of Roman Catholics, the majority of the people of this government fifty years hence would be Roman Catholic,  who doubts for a moment that the reign-ing Pope would assume control of legis-lation and government? He would then define for all of us the meaning of Christianity. . . . Our only protection is to hold public sentiment to the side of freedom. The recent Fairbanks episode was providential. It jolted the people into consciousness,Š set them to think-ing. And if the Fairbanks incident had such an effect, what ought we not to ex-pect from the Pope's refusal to see former President Roosevelt except upon condition that he put himself under bonds to obey the Pope's behests in Rome? There is no role but that of king of kings and ruler of presidents that will ever be satisfying' to the head of the Roman hierarchy. Reason for the First Amendment THE Ralston (Pa.) Herald of April 28 contains tke following editorial : Š We wonder how many of our readers have read the history of New England's colonial times, of the persecutions, the whipping of the Baptists and Quakers, and the banishing of Roger Williams, by the Puritans. The Puritans were not worse than other people ; in fact, they were honest, hard-working people. You ask, Then how could they persecute in-offensive people? Š Simply because they were following wrong principles in gov-ernment. They failed to make any sep-aration between the church and the state. They thought that the stability of the state depended on the people's observing certain religious forms, and as the Bap-tists and Quakers would not conform to the religio-political order of government, they were punished, or rather persecuted. It was to prevent a repetition of such persecutions that the First Amendment to the Constitution was added. Did our forefathers make a mistake in separating the church from the state? If not, let us keep them separate. Liberty Š both re-ligious and civil Š is safe only so long as the people understand the principles on which it is based. It is refreshing in these times when 