1.11M1110A. Š cPortugal). Praca de,p. Pedro lY 11111plit p :1171r. Ł THE BUILDING WITH THE SIX COLUMNS WAS THE OLD INQUISITION BUILDING, LISBON, PORTUGAL LIBERTY' 83 The Rev. G. L. Tufts, referred to by the editor, is superintendent of the Sun-day Rest League of the Pacific Coast. He came to Portland from Berkeley, Cal., immediately after the Sunday-closing prosecutions were inaugurated in Oregon, and appeared in print in the Oregonian of October 25 in reply to the aforemen-tioned editorial. We quote him : Š " In the Oregonian, Saturday, an editorial article discusses the subject of Sunday legis-lation. We highly esteem the opinion of the Oregonian. For this reason we will submit a copy of our proposed bill for its considera-tion and criticism before going to print.  just a little by reason of the fact that we are unable to gain a definite idea of its import except in one particular, from Mr. Tufts' letter. "These matters are interesting as indicating the delicacy of the economic problem Mr. Tufts and his coworkers are courageously attacking.  It will be wonderful, indeed, if they can devise a bill which will have the indorsement of nine tenths of the business men and employees.. . . But certainly it will not have those delightful attributes if it is no more than an attempt to compel everybody to spend Sunday in spiritual contemplation." As the editor above quoted expresses himself, one may readily observe the " The editorial labors under the mistake that we propose to force people to rest on Sundays whether or no. That may be said of the Sun-day laws of some of the States. But we as-sure our highly respected editor that he may spend every day of the year in his office com-posing his masterful editorial, without violating the proposed law. . . . Let it be distinctly understood once for all, that we are not ap-pealing to the State to protect the day as a sacred institution by a civil enactment, but to protect man as a human being." From an editorial in the same issue we quote : Š " The Oregonian will await with considerable interest receipt of the proposed weekly rest-day bill, an advanced copy of which Mr. Tufts so kindly promises. This interest is whetted spirit behind this movement for Sunday enforcement. Like Judge Gantenbein, one may readily see the cloven hoof. Surely it is entirely a religious measure ; and in the interest of the Sunday sect of religionists, who hope thereby to fill their vacant church pews, which would be bet-ter filled if the gospel of God's love were preached by men acquainted with its power, rather than a gospel of civil force. However, the Pacific Coast superin-tendent of the One-day-of-rest-in-seven League, speaking of the proposed initia-tive law, says : " It will, in no sense, be a religious measure to enforce religious beliefs and practices, but a civil statute 