LIBERTY 29 cious error." But should not we obey the word of God, the Supreme Ruler, by keeping church and state forever separate? Why, then, all this agitation about civil-law enforcement of Sabbath rest? It is the privilege of a Christian or of any other person to rest on the Sabbath, whichever day of the week it may be, without initiative measures to make laws to compel himself to rest upon the day of his choice. Or is this course a tacit acknowledgment that he is so weak mor-ally that he cannot observe the day un-less compelled so to do by civil law ? Or may it be true that the lack of personal Christian experience impels him to en-deavor, through civil law, to compel those who are notŁ Christians to act at least one day in seven (Sunday) as if they were, and to compel Christians of other persuasions to act at least on Sun-day as if they were of his sect? All religio-civil laws, even though they should be declared constitutional, are nevertheless an invasion of the God-be-stowed personal right of choice in mat-ters of conscience; for every person has a natural right to choose his religion if he has chosen to be religious. Likewise any person has the inalienable right of choice not to be religious if he so desires, provided only that in each case, in the carrying out of his ideas, he does not invade the equal rights of others. A Sunday law and its enforcement is also an invasion of the rights of the men who make it, for by said law they compel themselves ever after to act in religious matters as they are now acting, however much greater light they might thereafter obtain. Circuit Judge Morrow in a recently rendered opinion declared Sunday laws in Oregon unconstitutional. This deci- sion has since been reversed by Justice Burnett of the supreme court, which leaves religio-civil laws of the State con-stitutional according to the latter de-cision. This decision leaves the citizens face to face with class legislation; one class being favored to the detriment of an- other class whose ideas may differ from their neighbors as to the day of rest. If religion is to be enforced by civil law, the religion of what sect shall it be? If it be contended that the majority of Christians are agreed that Sunday is the Sabbath, and that it should be enforced on all men by civil law, would not such an act be an invasion of the realm of conscience of the minority of Christians, to say nothing of that still larger body of well-disposed men and women Š hon-orable citizens Š who make no profes-sion of religion, but who have equal in-herent rights with Christians? If it be really true that the one-day-of-rest-in-seven agitation is not in the interest of religion, but only " civic " rest is desired, should not the promoters proceed to make use of the initiative in the interest of a weekly state holiday, with no hint of Sabbath sacredness, or of compulsory observance? Every citi-zen would then retain his liberty of con-science to serve God in harmony there-with, or not to worship him, as he might elect; for upon state or national holi-days men labor or rest at will. Civil government was ordained of God to direct and control in civil matters, as-suring equal protection to all citizens or subjects in the enjoyment of their in-herent rights to worship Almighty God, or not to worship, as they may severally elect, provided their conduct in worship or nonworship does not invade the equal rights of their fellow men. Religious legislation is contrary to the teachings of our divine Lord, and to the First Amendment of the federal Consti-tution. Every citizen should therefore enter his protest against all proposed leg-islation in the interest of Sunday, Satur-day, or any other day of the week, and of every other phase of religious legis-lation; for God, through his Word, will take care of the religion of his people. First prosecution, then persecution. Remember the experience of the Bap-tists, Quakers, Roman Catholics, and others, who were whipped, banished, and hanged under the New England blue laws. 