sam.amwo.¥!.moo4imm,MIN.M...O.1.M.O.1.0.11.3.¥...motpampiogien.oAmp-trvm.4..Ó.¥¥¥41-mm.4¥4,...m..oporlmwoo.m. Erligious 41ihrrly Assoriation DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES Scriptural Basis: " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." " The powers that be are ordained of God." 1. The Bible is the Word of God, and Jesus Christ the Saviour of the world. 2. The ten commandments are the foundation of all morality, and comprehend the whole duty of man, both to God and to man. 3. The religion of Jesus Christ, being founded in the love of God, needs no human power to support or enforce it. Love can not be forced. 4. It is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship, or not to worship, according to the dictates of his own conscience, provided that in the exercise of that right he does not interfere with the equal rights of others. 5. Civil government is of divine origin, designed for the protection of men in the enjoyment of their natural rights. It is ordained to rule in civil things, and in this realm is entitled to the respectful obedience of all. 6. The civil power is not authorized to enter the realm of religion, enacting legislation to define or to enforce any religious dogma, ritual, or observance Co-ercion in matters of religion always means persecution. 7. All religious legislation on the part of the state, and all movements tending to unite church and state, are subversive of human rights,,persecuting in character and opposed to the best interests of both church and state. 8. It is proper, therefore, for all to protest against, and use every laudable and legitimate means to prevent, religious legislation, or the union of church and state, in order that all may enjoy the inestimable blessings of religious liberty g. The warfare of modern science and modern theology upon the Word of God is a warfare upon the liberties of men, which are defined and guaranteed by that Word. so. The liquor traffic is a curse to the home, to society, and to the nation, and a menace to civil order, and should be prohibited by law. For further information regarding the principles of this association, address the Religious Liberty Association, Takoma Park. Washington. D. C. (secretary, W. W. Prescott), or any of the affiliated organizations given below:Ñ AFFILIATED ORGANIZATIONS Atlantic Religious Liberty Association (affil-iated organizations in Maine, Vermont. Massa-chusetts. New Hampshire. New York, Connecti-cut, and Rhode Island): Office, South Lancaster, Mass.; secretary, K. C. Russell. Canadian Religious Liberty Association (af-filiated organizations in New Brunswick. Nova Scotia, Quebec, Ontario. and Newfoundland): Office, Port Hope, Ontario. Central States Religions Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Kansas, Nebraska, Missouri, Colorado, and Wyoming): Office, Col-lege View, Nebr.; secretary, E. T. Russell. Columbia Religious Liberty Association (af-filiated organizations in Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Jersey, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware, and Maryland): Office. Takoma Park. D. C.; secretary, S. B. Horton. Lake Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Michigan, Indiana. Illinois, and Wisconsin): Office, 213-215 Dean Building, 113 S. Lafayette St., South Bend, Ind.; secretary, Allen Moon. Northern Religious Liberty Association (affil-iated organizations in Minnesota, Iowa, North Dakota, and Sout n Dakota) : Office, Nevada, Iowa; secretary, M. N. Campbell. North Pacific Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Oregon, Washington,  Idaho, Montana, and Alaska): Office, College Place, Wash.; secretary, W. F. Martin. Pacific Religious Liberty Association (affili-ated organizations in California, Nevada, Utah. and Arizona): Office. Mountain View, Cal.: secretary, J. F. Blunt. Southeastern Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina): Office 169 Bryan St., Atlanta, Ga.; secretary, Carlyle B.  Haynes. Southern Religious Liberty Association (affili-ated organizations in Alabama, Kentucky, Ten-nessee, Louisiana, and Mississippi): Office, 2123 29th Ave., N., Nashville, Tenn.; secretary, L. A. Smith. Southwestern Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Arkansas. Oklahoma, Texas, and New Mexico): Office, Keene, Tex.; secretary, E. E. Farnsworth. FOREIGN OFFICES Australia: Office, Mizpah, Wahroonga, N. S.  W., Australia; secretary, G. Teasdale. Great Britain: Office, Stanborough Park, Watford, Herts, England; secretary, W. T. Bartlett. ILIFM../IMM.14.0.1¥1¥00¥.041=1.1.1¥041.4.=.01MIWIF1=1¥0¥11.41./.1N0104  