150 LIBERTY " errors " condemned in the Syllabus are held by the Church of Rome to be " the precepts and practices of Christian wis-dom," which Pope Benedict XV says have " ceased to be observed in the ruling of states," and that because of their non-observance this terrible war has come. And he further elucidates this point by stating that it is because the teaching of the gospel and of the church has been divorced from the ruling of countries and from the public education of the young that this welter of woe and strife is ruining the earth. The Root Cause of the War Now in view of the fact that Pope Benedict XV has such pronounced views on the cause of the present war, and, fur-ther, in view of the fact that the things which " His Holiness " alleges are the root cause " of the war are fundamen-tal constitutional principles of the chief states involved, it would naturally follow that the Sovereign Pontiff, in making peace would be obliged to do all in his power to revolutionize the form of gov-ernment of these states. He must of necessity endeavor to rewrite into the constitutions of these countries the doc-trine of the union of church and state. He must endeavor to make these nations once more commit themselves to the teaching of religion in the public schools, and to the giving to the Church of Rome the right to avail herself of the use of force and the temporal power. A re-arrangerrient of constitutions and statutes covering these points is inevitable ac-cording to the papal theory, if the per-manent peace of the world is to be se-cured. The Papal Price for Papal Peace Therefore the question naturally arises, Will it be the part of wisdom for the nations of Europe to pay such a price for a papal-made peace? Will it be for the happiness and comfort of mankind to have the hands of the great clock of time set back to the days of the Middle Ages, when religious persecution, the rack, the gibbet, the fagot, and the In- quisition were the order of the day; when popes had the right to dethrone kings and princes, to annul the acts of legisla-tures, to force the Roman Catholic creed down the throats of men and women at the point of the civil sword? As already noted, it must be remembered that one of the principal mottoes of the Church of Rome is Semper eadem (Always the same) ; and viewed from one standpoint, if there is one thing under the shining sun to which the Church of Rome has been true, it is to the semper-eadem doc-trine. To the writer it would seem that a papal-made peace would in the ultimate be a greater calamity to the nations of Europe than the present cataclysm which is soaking the soil of that conti-nent with blood. When during the closing years of the eighteenth century and during the greater part of the nineteenth century the na-tions of Europe were slipping away from the papal doctrines of government and adopting in their stead the principles upon which republics and constitutional governments are based, Rome began to prophesy that there would ultimately be a terrible war which would come as a result of the abolition of her doctrines of civil government. Over and over again did she prophesy that the present war would come, and gave as her reason for such a belief the departure from her principles of civil and religious in-tolerance. Here are a few of these papal prophecies : Š Papal Predictions The excited antagonism of the nations of Europe is founded on a fact full of consola- tion. Instead of being alarmed, or scared, or discouraged by the great sharpening of ani-mosity and the great massing together of antagonists, I look upon it as the most beau-tiful sign. Now, when the nations of Europe have re-volted, and when they have dethroned, as far as men can dethrone, the Vicar of Jesus Christ, and when they have made the usurpation of the Holy City a part of international law,Šwhen all this has been done, there is only one solution of the difficulty, a solution I fear impending; and that is a terrible scourge of Continental war,Š a war which will exceed the horrors of the wars of the first empire. I 