54 LIBERTY the world." Some one ought to repeat with a trumpet tone the words of Christ, " My kingdom is not of this world." !V !V ttf IT is time that a voice was raised against the encroachments of religious combinations which are beginning to set aside the individual conscience. In poli-tics there are many voices that cry against the money trusts. But the most dangerous trust is the religious trust, which ignores the rights of the individual in matters of religion. Why are honest business men afraid of the financial trusts? Because they are fully ac-quainted with the past history of these trusts. Have we forgotten the past his-tory of the religious trusts? SV The Churches and President Wilson A LETTER written under date of Feb-ruary 20 in behalf of the Federal Coun- cil of the Churches of Christ in America, and signed by its officers, was sent to President-elect Wilson a few days before he took the oath of office. The opening paragraph of the letter runs thus : Š The Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America extends to you the good will and the prayerful sympathy of the churches of Christ, and tenders you the serious and earnest cooperation of the forces represented by the churches, as you take up the task, as the chief magistrate of the nation, of guiding the moral forces of the people, and of the leadership of the nations of the world. We do not wish to be hypercritical, but there is something about this which does not strike us favorably. Why should a great religious combination offer " the serious and earnest cooperation of the forces represented by the churches " to the President of the United States? In what sense does the chief executive of this nation have the task " of guiding the moral forces of the people "? Does the Federal Council expect that the kingdom  of God will come through the gateway of politics? The Christian principle of civil government requires that the church and the state shall be kept separate, and we hope that the new administration will act upon that principle. ttt Looking to the State THE first week in April was set apart by the Sabbath Observance Department of the W. C. T. U. as " Lord's day week," a time of special prayer for the preservation of the Sabbath; but some of the statements made and one of the requests listed in the announcement, seem to indicate that the state is chiefly relied upon for help. We quote : Š The state has as much right to estab-lish a six-day week as it has to establish an eight-hour day. The nation and the individual need the Sabbath more than ever before in the history of the world. The stress of modern life demands it. The Constitution provides for it : " All men shall be secured in their natural right to worship Almighty God, accord-ing to the dictates of their own con-science." . . Request the influence of all persons for the enforcement of present Sunday laws. As a general rule, the state has no right to forbid labor at any time. Hon-est toil is not a crime, and the authority of the state can not be properly invoked to brand as a criminal one following his usual round of work any day in the week. He may be a sinner in the sight of God, but no legislature has anything to do with that. Upright citizens should not be forced by law either to work or to rest, any more than the hours of sleep should be prescribed by statute. It must have been a revised version of the Constitution from which this alleged quotation was taken, as these words are not found in the standard text of that document. All Sunday laws are an infringement upon the rights of conscience, and the 