LIBERTY 15 ernment has always been to protect every citizen in the enjoyment of his religious views. The framers of the Constitution also designed that that im-mortal instrument should regard the con-science of a single individual as sacred as the consciences of the majority. The principles of such a government are in sweet accord with the principles enun-ciated by the Christ of Calvary, when he said, " Render to Canar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." B. C. R. Is It a False Alarm ? MANY willingly admit in a general way the principles of religious liberty which are advocated in this journal, but seem to think that what is said concern-ing the possibility of any persecution as the result of Sunday legislation is a false alarm. For the benefit of those who are to any degree incredulous along this line, we would submit some of the practical re-sults of the work of the Canadian Lord's Day Alliance. It will be remembered that the Lord's Day Act of Canada went into effect in 1906, and since that time the officials of the Canadian Lord's Day Alliance have been very active in spying upon the liberties of those who observe Satur-day, the seventh day of the week, instead of Sunday, the first day of the week. The following copies of letters which have been sent to Seventh-day Advent-ists will plainly show the inquisitorial spirit that lurks at its gloomiest in the hearts of the promoters of this sort of legislation : Š The Management, Williamsdale Academy, Williamsdale, N. S. DEAR SIR: We have been informed that you have been carrying on the oper-ations of mowing hay on Sunday, 26th  of July, 19o8. Witnesses whose relia-bility can not be questioned have given their written evidence to prove these charges. The Lord's Day Act of Canada clearly forbids all such work on the Lord's day. Although we have been re-quested to report this complaint to the authorities for prosecution, we have hesi-tated to do so, because we do not wish to cause you trouble or to put you to expense. If you will write us by return mail assuring us that hereafter you will not pursue the work on your farm on the Lord's day, we shall not report this com-plaint. Hoping for an early and satisfactory reply. Yours faithfully, T. ALBERT MOORE. The Management, Williamsdale Academy, Williamsdale, N. S. DEAR SIR : An effort was made when the Parliament was enacting the law, to have people who observe Saturday as the Sabbath exempted from the operations of the Lord's Day Act under certain limitations. But Parliament refused to adopt such a clause. All citizens of Can-ada are brought under the operations of the law. The people who observe Sat-urday, and the people who observe Fri-day, and the people who observe Wednes-day, as well as the people who observe Sunday as their day for rest and wor-ship, are all by the Canadian laws com-manded that they shall not carry on their ordinary labor or business on the Lord's day. You are expected to observe that law, if you intend to reside in Canada. We shall always seek to enforce this law justly and reasonably, but we desire it to be distinctly understood that the people who reside in Canada must be obedient thereto. We are not robbing any one of one day each week by insist-ence of obedience to the Lord's Day Act. Every person who dwells in Canada knows the laws in regard to this matter, and also, that to enjoy the advantages of residence in this country each person must obey these laws. Yours faithfully, T. ALBERT MOORE. The secretary of the Ontario Lord's 