LIBERTY 31 controlled by it and led to ruin. What effect, therefore, think you, will any law made by Congress enforcing a religious dogma have in regenerating and purify-ing the human heart ? -- It can have no effect whatever, and any attempt to conform to the requirements of a law enforcing a religious tenet with the heart unchanged, is a vain effort. To appear outwardly religious, while within we are filled with all kinds of wickedness, is to be hypocrites, and it was against this class of persons that the greatest woes were pronounced by the Saviour when on earth. In Holy Writ we are taught that the law of the Most High is " holy, and just, and good ; " that though man is carnal, the " law is spiritual." How, then, can a person who is carnal and unholy keep a " spiritual " and " holy " law ? Such a thing is utterly impossible. The Sab-bath, being a part of this law, is, there-fore, " holy, and just, and good," and its observance is spiritual worship rendered to the Lord. This can never be produced by any law passed by Congress. No earthly government has any right to step from its civil realm, and legislate upon religious questions, unless it can change the heart of a man and turn a sinner from a life of wickedness to a life of purity. This, no power other than the power of God through the Holy Spirit, can do. For any government, therefore, to seek to enforce religious precepts is to assume the place of the Deity, and, in principle, exalt itself to a position equal with, or above, God. It was the following of this wrong principle to its logical conclusion that made the Dark Ages, and caused perse-cution, which darkened the earth for a millennium of years, and placed in mar-tyr's graves millions of the true children of the Lord. Religion being a thing of the heart, and consisting solely of the relationship which exists between man and his Cre-ator, they who would enforce it must know what is in the heart. That which the individual refuses, or is unable, to  reveal, must be wrung from him by tor-ture. The terrible history of the Inqui-sition is but the history of man's ef-fort to secure the secrets of the heart, and to punish for what was deemed heresy. The Inquisition has been defined by Motley as " a machine for inquiring into a man's thoughts, and burning him if the result was not satisfactory." Mr. Brooks Adams has correctly said : Š " Men who firmly believe that salva-tion lies within their creed alone, and that doubters suffer endless torments, never can be tolerant. They feel that duty commands them to defend their homes against a deadly peril, and even pity for the sinner urges them to wring from him a recantation before it is too late ; and then, moreover, dissent must lessen the power and influence of a hier-archy, and may endanger its very exist-ence ; therefore, the priests of every church have been stimulated to crush out schism by the two strongest passions that can influence the mind Š by bigotry and by ambition." Š "Emancipation of Mas-sachusetts," pages 2, 3. During the Dark Ages men had been endeavoring to enforce religion. They kept at it for over a thousand years. This was surely long enough to give the system a fair trial. But when the Refor-mation dawned upon the world, " the vi-tal doctrines of Christianity had almost entirely disappeared, and with them the life and light that constitute the essence of the religion of God. The material strength of the church was gone. It lay an exhausted, enfeebled, and almost life-less body, extending over that part of the world which the Roman empire had oc-cupied."Š"D'Aubigne's History of the Reformation," Vol. I, page 68. It is with feelings of sorrow that we see efforts made in our midst by strong organizations to again unite church and state, and produce again results similar to those described above, when the form will take the place of the substance, and when God will be mocked by an endless round of empty ceremonies. Against all efforts in this direction 'we most earnestly 