LIBERTY 165 run a saloon, and the government which shares the loot and divides the blood money with the maker and vender of the liquor. Let us put the man above the dollar ; let us put boys-before business; let us put our daughters above our income. When we are ready to do that, we are ready to vote for local, State, and na-tional prohibition of the liquor traffic. The people are everywhere demanding the prohibition of this curse; the psycho-logical time has come in American his-tory to break the shackles that have for generations bound us slaves to the traffic in strong drink. Government Must Be Consistent Our government, which justly de-mands protection for American citizens when traveling on the high seas, must protect these same American citizens, when at home, from death and destruc tion inflicted by a more dangerous do-mestic foe, the criminal traffic in alco-holic poison; for John Barleycorn blots out every day, in the red waters of rum, more than three hundred precious Amer-ican lives. While we promptly send our ultimatum to Wilhelm II, let this con-vention demand that our government send also its ultimatum to John Barley-corn I. The Duty of the Federal Government Toward Its Citizens' THE duty of the government is to fur-nish the citizen a good environment, to cleanse the air he must breathe, to purify the water he must drink, to make whole-some the food he must eat, to give him a clear field, to remove obstructions to the free and full exercise of his powers, to dig no pitfalls in his path, to place no snares to entrap his feet, to make it as easy as possible for the citizen to enlarge his own life and serve his country most. This is the day when health, right liv-ing, physical and moral cleanliness, are receiving our attention. We are discov-ering that prevention has a finer quality than cure; that it is safer and wiser and less expensive to shut down the factory that turns out inebriates, paupers, and criminals than to care for the output. The principle of prohibition is now written in the law; for the judicial de-partments of government, both State and national, have declared it constitutional ; that there is no inherent right to make or sell liquor ; that it is only a permission 1  Part of an address delivered by former-Gov. Malcolm R. Patterson of Tennessee, be-fore the delegates of the national convention of the Anti-Saloon League, at Atlantic City, N. J., July 8. by the sovereignty, and. the withdrawal of that permission constitutes no in-fringement of either property or per-sonal rights, but is a wise exercise of power. Ł While these decisions dispose of these claims of the liquor traffic, we do not want to leave the question open to per-mission or the caprice of legislation; we wish and mean to fix the inhibition in the Constitution itself, so that no Con-gress or State legislature shall have the power to sacrifice the rights of the citi-zen or barter the public good. Stripped of all technicality, the ques-tion is a broadly national one, and the government alone can solve it ; and the doctrine of States' rights as a defense to human wrong was buried forever under the apple tree at Appomattox. There let it rest in peace, sacred from the pro-fane touch of the liquor traffic. We now make no demand upon any political party, for this is humanity's cause, and we do not yield it to the po-litical exigencies of platforms. We do not insist upon arbitrary legis-lation. We employ no coercion ; we do not believe in lynch law even for the liquor traffic; we plant our cause on the 