LIBERTY 29 all such legislation is religious legislation. A few years ago when this old Sunday law of Charles II was revived in Aus-tralia, and men who did not regard Sun-day as the Sabbath, for doing a little quiet, honest work on their own premises on that day, were being prosecuted under it, and threatened with its penalty of a " five shilling " fine or " two hours in the stocks," a contributor to the Melbourne Argus, signing himself " Oriel," took up his poetic pen, and wrote of this act and its author in the following melodious strain : Š " In the Stocks In the days when Charles the Second ruled the glorious British nation, It is said, from paths of virtue he habitually swerved ; That he spent his whole existence in repulsive dissipation Š But at least he took precaution that the sabbath was observed. He was prone, perhaps, to covet the possessions of his neighbor, Of his neighbor's wife or daughter, or his servant, or his ox ; But he held decided views upon the point of Sunday labor, And he punished all transgressors by confinement in the stocks. Let us cherish the remembrance of a prince so truly pious, And condone his little pleasures as the follies of a king, Close our eyelids to his vices, let them pass unheeded by us, Though in ordinary mortals it would be a different thing. Let us recognize his claim to take a prominent position In the calendar devoted to the saintly orthodox, And insert a special heading in the Sunday-school petition, ' May God bless Charles the Second, and may Heaven preserve the stocks.' " Let us all become detectives, down on sabbath desecration, Let us catch the bold offenders in the very act of crime, That the stocks may never suffer from the lack of occupation, And the prison and the pillory be going all the time. And whene'er we find a citizen who tries the Sunday watering Of his twenty feet of grass plot or his bed of hollyhocks Š Well, we can't resort to hanging, or to drawing, or to quart'ring, But, all praise to Charles the Second ! we can put him in the stocks." On Trial for Picking Straw- berries on Sunday K. C. RUSSELL THE trial of four Seventh-day Advent-ists on the charge of picking strawberries on Sunday, the second day of May, took place in the court-house at Greenville, S. C., Tuesday, August 3, in the pres-ence of two hundred people. It appears that some three years ago Mr. Sullivan Wareham, with his wife and four chil-dren, journeyed from the State of Mon-tana to South Carolina, where they lo-cated on a few acres of land in a quiet and secluded place on the outskirts of the beautiful city of Greenville, which has an estimated population of thirty-five thousand people. In a humble, quiet manner they have succeeded in support-ing themselves by what they have been able to produce from their little piece of land. During these years they have won the confidence of all their neighbors, with the exception of one person. This man has seemed to be possessed with a spirit of religious bigotry and prejudice since the Warehams became his neighbors, be-cause of their strict observance of the seventh-day Sabbath. As a result of this prejudice, he has continually hounded the tracks of his innocent seventh-day-observing neigh-bors by talking unkindly about them, spy-ing about to catch them at work on Sun-day, and repeatedly threatening them with arrest. 