46 LIBERTY table newspaper, every church dignitary in the land, would repudiate an argument against our statutory laws prohibiting crime, because criminals are " secretly evading " them. Indeed, those who vio-late the law rarely do so openly. No one would deny that there might be vio-lations of the strictest prohibitory law that the state might enact, just as in the case of other laws. It should be re-membered that those who have so much to say about the ineffectiveness of laws against the liquor traffic, declaring that prohibition does not prohibit, etc., are the very ones who are engaged in the liquor business, or who are in sympathy with it. By all such arguments they tacitly admit that they do not purpose to obey the law ; or, in other words, they virtually say, " I am an anarchist." Again : if prohibition does not pro-hibit, why is it that liquor men and their sympathizers are always opposing pro-hibitory legislation? If they were really sincere in what they say, they would line up with prohibitionists; for that would be, according to their own logic, the most effective way to perpetuate the liquor traffic. The fact is, they know that prohibitory laws do prohibit. In the city of Atlanta, Ga., shortly after the prohibitory law went into effect in that State, the Atlanta prison for the first time in fifteen years was without an inmate. Some of the citizens were also lamenting the fact that they would not be able to keep the public highways in good shape, because of lack of laborers, occasioned by the chain-gang's not being recruited every day with a fresh supply of men who had been arrested for being drunk. The apostolic delegate further reasons that the opposition directed against the liquor business should be along moral lines. It is true that every effort pos-sible should be put forth by the exercise of moral suasion to help those to see their wrong, who are following this evil business ; but our efforts should not stop there if men persist in a business that is a menace to the natural rights and lives  Ł of the people. It then comes within the jurisdiction of the state to prohibit it, the same as does any other crime, because it is an uncivil thing to imperil the lives of the citizens of any commonwealth. We should use moral suasion with the thief to get him to see the evil of his way, by refraining from taking the property of his fellow men ; but who would reason that if he continued to steal, the state should not apply the civil law ? We should also exercise moral suasion with the man who is seeking to slay his fellow men ; but should we confine our efforts to moral suasion, and jeopardize the lives of our families by pleading that there should be no law against murder, and that only moral suasion should be used ?Š Most emphatically no ; for it is within the province of civil law to lay its strong hand upon all such persons, and thus restrain them from acts of vio-lence. The liquor traffic is both a robber and a murderer. It has robbed the young man of his manhood, his virtue, and every other noble instinct with which the Creator has endowed him. It has robbed the drunkard's family of their food, their clothing, and their home ; the wife of her husband ; the children of their father. No one objects to laws prohibiting the manufacture and sale of impure and adulterated foods, because all recognize these laws as being in the interests of life and public health and safety. Why, then, should any one ob-ject to laws prohibiting the manufacture and sale of spirituous liquors, which are infinitely more dangerous, demoralizing, and destructive? Again the editorial says, " Men are not to be made good by statute." No ; but men can be made civil by law, and that is the province of civil law. The state can only deal with those things of a civil character. Those things which are religious and pertain to the con-sciences of men, are wholly outside the jurisdiction of the state. Let this dis-tinction be clearly drawn. 