Tabi. on Which George Mason Wrote the Virginia Bill of Rights, Now in Independence Hall, Philadelphia. LIBERTY 73 precepts, probably saved the life of the motion picture operator. " With hands upraised, he cautioned the an-gered fishermen against violence. " The mob was satisfied only when the man promised to leave. The inhabitants watched him as he was taken away in a boat. " His machine was destroyed, with a reel and a half of film he had taken. The villagers threaten to expel any newspaper men who visit the town." This shows how religious zeal, espe-cially mistaken zeal, that is, zeal for some-thing that is neither true nor just, while not stopping at the taking of life in en-forcing " blue laws " of its own making, will without scruple override constitu-tional and statutory laws for the pro-tection of human life and sacred rights. That such a situation as that described by the Sun's staff correspondent and by the Washington Herald should exist in Virginia, of all the States in the Union, seems almost beyond belief. The account shows how easily such a  frequent or support any religious worship, place, or ministry whatsoever, nor shall be enforced, restrained, molested, or burthened in his body or goods, nor shall otherwise suffer on account of his religious opinions or belief; but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in matters of reli-gion, and that the same shall in no wise dimin-ish, enlarge, or affect their civil capacities." This is still the law of Virginia, and has been re-enforced by Article 1 of the Bill of Rights, as follows : " Section 16. That religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by rea-son and conviction, not by force or violence; and, therefore, all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience; and that it is the mu-tual duty of all to practise Christian forbear-ance, love, and charity towards each other." It is vain to attempt to make Chris-tians by law. It cannot be done. Only by the preaching of the cross can men be won to Christ. Says the apostle:' law can be abused. It is said that the consta-ble is a well-disposed man. No dodbt his in-tentions were good. He probably felt that he must" enforce the law." He knew what the or-dinance said and the purpose for which it was enacted, and proba-bly did not know much about the laws of the State, and still less about the struggle for the establishment of religious liberty in Virginia from 1777 to 1785. Mr. Jefferson's bill toŁ establish religious lib-erty in Virginia was first introduced into the legislature in 1777, but did not be-come a law until the session of 1785. Fol- lowing a preamble setting forth the prin-ciples involved, the law was as follows : " Be it therefore enacted by the General Assembly, That no man shall be compelled to " All things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation; to wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation. Now then we are ambassadors 