126 LIB ER TY don and rejoices over the opportunity to control another's freedom is a tyrant. He only is a beneficent sovereign who rules his own spirit, and who is able to control himself to the extent that he can keep his hands from regulating another's liberties. Every man should live so that at the close of his career he can say, " I have never deprived another of his rights to satiate my own ambitions, nor appro-priated in the slightest degree another's means to add to my fortune." A conscience void of offense toward God and toward man is a jewel of the greatest excellence, glittering like the morning star, full of joy and hope. If we lose our keen sensibility of right prin-ciples, our estimate of true honor, and our love of the safeguards of our neigh-bor's liberty, through the insatiable de-sire to carry out the policy of expedi-ency, we shall soon sacrifice all that is truly noble in our characters. c. s. r.. Blaming Deity for Blue Laws THE Baltimore Star in an editorial in its issue of May 26. dealing with Coun-cilman Kilmer's declaration that if the council amended the.  present Sunday law of Baltimore, it would be " amending a law not made by men, but handed, down by God," quotes the entire fourth com-mandment as a refutation of the coun-cilman's statement, and then asks: Š How is an effort to legalize amateur Sunday baseball to be construed Łas an attempt to amend a law of God ? Sure enough, how is it? The fourth commandment, the commandment which establishes the Sabbath of Jehovah (the only weekly Sabbath the Bible knows), has nothing more to do with Sunday than it has to do with Monday or Wednesday. Sunday is nowhere mentioned in the law of God ; and it has never been true that an alteration of a Sunday law has af-fected the law of God in any way. By  nu possible process of reason or logic can it be shown that the law of God commands the observance of Sunday as a day of rest and worship. He who seeks to make the law of God the basis and reason for compulsory Sunday ob-servance is tampering with that law and wresting the Scripture to his own con-demnation. The Baltimore editor makes the following sensible comment on the situation : Š We seriously deprecate any attempt to saddle the blue laws of Baltimore and Maryland upon Deity. Humanity attrib-utes far too many of its faults, shortcom-ings, and misfortunes to that high seat. . . . He would do sacrilege who would ascribe the actual results of the blue-law Sunday to the only King who truly can do no wrong. The battle for genuine righteousness has begun, not ended. Let it not be beclouded by silly cant. The unconverted heart cannot keep the Sabbath. Human laws to compel men who are unconverted to keep the Sab-bath are sacrilegious because they seek to compel men to act as if they were reli-gious when they are not, to perform an act under duress because another who is religious performs it as a duty. Human laws to compel men who are converted to keep the Sabbath arc unnecessary; for the converted man will keep the Sabbath without the compulsion of human law. At whatever angle the matter of reli-gious legislation is viewed, it proves itself to be out of harmony with the purpose of God and subversive of the rights of man. c. m. s. A Christianity That Counts A CHRISTIANITY that does not win souls is worthless. A Christianity that drives men into submission is not worthy the name. The gospel of Jesus Christ is a gospel of love to win men, and not a gospel of force to drive men. It is a precious jewel, which, when put on ex-hibition, will attract men. Christ said : 