LIBERTY 15 there are not less than two millions in the United States, there are, as is well known, whole denominations of Chris-tians in this country who observe and worship upon another day. Sunday laws do therefore give preference by law to a certain class of religionists and to a par-ticular mode of worship. And to enforce the observance of Sunday as a sabbath, or day of rest, upon those who conscien-tiously observe another day, is an inter-ference with religious rights, and nothing short of religious persecution. Thus it has been held by one of the highest legal authorities in the United States. In his " Constitutional Limitations," page 476, Judge Cooley says : Š But the Jew [and it is equally true of all Sabbatarians] who is forced to re-spect the first day of the week, when his conscience requires of him the observ-ance of the seventh also, may plausibly urge that the law discriminates against his religion, and by forcing him to keep a second sabbath in each week, unjustly, though by indirection, punishes him for his belief. Unlike most State Sunday laws, the Idaho Sunday law makes no exception for those who conscientiously observe another day. In this respect it is not even tolerant, to say nothing of recog-nizing religious liberty and the equality of all before the law. And yet it is set forth as a model, and as combining the best features of all the Sunday laws in the United States. Another Inconsistency Another inconsistency that may be pointed out in this law is the fact that it penalizes the sale and supplying of the necessaries of life on Sunday, but per-mits traffic in the luxuries. To sell a loaf of bread on Sunday would be a mis-demeanor under this law, and subject the offender to a heavy fine or imprison-ment ; but to sell " non-intoxicating re-freshments, candies, and cigars " on that day entails no such consequences. To  quietly sell and deliver a coat or a pair of shoes to a needy family on Sunday might cost a man one hundred dollars and thirty days in jail ; but " the quiet sale and delivery of daily papers and magazines " on Sunday is another thing. That is legitimate business and trade, even on Sunday. The next two sections of the law, sec-tions 6825 and 6826 of the code, prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquors, the open-ing of theaters, ordinary amusements, and horse-racing on Sunday. If any of these things are criminal, indecent, or immoral in themselves, they should be prohibited on all days; otherwise there is no basis in civil law for prohibiting theni at all. Crime and immorality are not determined by the day of the week when done. Who would think of pun-ishing only those murders, robberies, and assaults committed on Sunday? An Inquisitorial Provision The fifth section of the law, section 6827, is worthy of special note. This provides for the enforcement of the law in the following manner : Š Section 6827. Public Officers to En-force Act. It shall be the duty of each prosecuting attorney, sheriff, constable, city or town marshal, or any and all other public officers in this State, to in-form against and diligently prosecute any and all persons guilty of the viola-tions of the provisions of the four pre-ceding sections, either upon creditable information as to any such violation, or upon reasonable cause to believe that there has been any such violation. Any said officer who shall refuse or wilfully neglect to inform against and prosecute said offenders against the four preceding sections, 'shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than fifty dollars nor more than five hun-dred dollars, and the court before which said officer shall be tried shall declare the office or appointment held by said officer vacant for the remainder of his term. The inquisitorial character of this law 