2 LIBERTY We believe in the primacy of con-science in matters religious ; that is, in the supremacy of each man's conscience over his own religious conduct. When one man allows his conscience to be dom-inated by another, he loses his spiritual identity. There are then no longer two consciences for the two men, but one only Š one man acting for two, and re-sponsible for the course of two. When one man has thus subjugated another, he has robbed God of his glory, and robbed his brother of his eternal birth-right. God designed that each man should stand for himself. We can not give up the primacy of our own con-science over our own religious faith and practise without sin. We believe in the right of every man to believe what to him seems believable and right, to worship God according to the dictates of conscience without the interference of any power from without. We believe this because the operation of the opposite principle has made hypo-crites of millions, and martyrs of other millions. The right to act in harmony with the dictates of conscience is the dearest right vouchsafed to man. The man who gives up that right has per-mitted himself to be robbed of his man-hood. Nor does the robbery cease there. He who worships God under the direc-tion of another's conscience does not worship him at all. Neither can he ex-pect the reward of the faithful child of God. In surrendering his conscience, he surrendered his right to the eternal in-heritance. We believe it to be unchristian to ask that the creed of any religion, or any portion of any religion, be codified and forced upon the people as their rule of faith and practise. Paul asks, " Who art thou that judgest the servant of another? to his own lord he standeth or falleth." He who attempts to dominate the con-science of another, attempts to put him- self in the place of lord to that other. He who would codify and enforce his creed upon men, attempts to assume the posi-tion of lordship over men purchased by the blood of Christ, thus robbing Christ of his dearly purchased possession. Therefore we say with U. S. Grant, " Keep the church and state forever separate." A union of the two is out of harmony with the purpose of Jesus Christ, and is destructive of the best in-terests of both institutions. Religion and Government ONE of the suggestive incidents of the recent presidential campaign has been the issue raised concerning Mr. Taft's religious views. It is, of course, well known that Mr. Taft is a Unitarian, and consequently, like every other or-thodox Unitarian, denies the divinity of Christ. On the other hand, Mr. Bryan is a Presbyterian, and in many parts of the world he has delivered his famous lecture, " The Prince of Peace." These facts were made the basis by some for opposition to Mr. Taft's election, and for the advocacy of Mr. Bryan's. Considerable interest has been awa-kened in the religious world over this issue, as shown by a series of letters from ministers and others, which ap-peared in several issues of the Homiletic Review, the ministers' monthly. In the August number of this magazine, a cor-respondent laid down what he regarded as certain basic principles which ought to govern Christian conduct, and then made this inquiry : Š Under these conditions, how can a follower of Jesus Christ takes sides with those who deny him? How can they vote for William H. Taft (a Unitarian) for president of our country and be true to their profession ? The editors of the Review invited com-ment on this letter, and in response to this invitation a large number of com- 