Sprint at Plymouth, alarm, trom which Pilgrim Fathers drank LIBERTY 45 religion was a panacea for all the pres-ent troubles in the world. " Every effort to secure a proper Sun-day law through Congress," said Dr. McKim, " somehow is stopped or pre-vented. Perhaps by tremendous efforts it gets through one house, and then Con-gress adjourns, and when it convenes the whole thing has got to be gone through again." Another speaker said that it was the inconsistency of the ministers and the Christian churches themselves that de-feated the Sunday bills before Con-gress. He asserted that many of the clergymen were op-posed to Sunday laws and that five sixths of the lead-ers and officers in t h e churches of Washington were working on Sun-days, not because they were required to, but because of the almighty dol-lar. If the majority of the church lead-ers a n d church members are not in favor of corn pulsory Sunday ob-servance under the duress of civil law, which is an abso-lute fact, then why does the Lord's Day Alliance, which represents only one sixth of the church membership, seek to im-pose the religious notions of the minor-ity upon the vast majority, not only of church members, but of nonchureh members I Autocratic Ideals The Lord's Day Alliance is autocratic in its methods and ideals. Dr. Bowlby, general secretary of the alliance in America, took the ministers to task who did not agree with his notionQ nri  subject of Sunday-law enforcement. " When the time has come," said he, " that a minister or priest must apolo-gize for the Sabbath [Sunday], he ought to be put in a boat with the others of that type and sent to Archangel or else-where abroad." Every one who did not agree with him upon the subject of Sun-day legislation he put in the same class with the " Reds, I. W. W.'s, radical Socialists, and Bolsheviks," and said that all Sabbath desecrators ought to be shipped out of America to a land of exile where there were no churches. It is very evident that if men of the Lord's Day Alliance type had their way in our legislative halls, America would soon be turned into a Russian autoc-racy, and every citizen who did not conform to the re-ligious ideas of the Lord's Day Alli-ance would become a religious exile in a barren land. It is well for our leg-islators first to ana-lyze the motives and aims of these Sunday-law agita-tors when they introduce their religious measures into Congress, and then con-sider whether they want to embark on a course that inevitably leads to the In-quisition or the land of religious exiles. The ministers claim they are advocat-ing Sunday laws in behalf of the poor workingman. But what has the prohibi-tion of all pleasure and recreation on Sunday to do with the workingman's welfare. The workingman who is a non-churchgoer wants to spend the day at pleasure resorts to revive iris spirit and onergies. hnt this privilege the ministers 