GOOD-BY A CANADIAN SOLDIER'S "The Voice of Peace" "ftiE Washington Post of February 5, referring to the break of the United States with Germany, made the follow-ing significant statement : Š " Should it eventuate that all other neutrals accepted the President's suggestion that they sever diplomatic relations with Germany, the voice for peace would have to come from the Vatican." But why would it not be just as ap-propriate to sug- gest that the voice for peace ought to come f r o m the chief bishop of the Methodists, o r from the Luther-ans, the Baptists, etc., as from the Catholics, if all were alike inno-cent of mixing in international poli-tics for political ends? The truth is, that of all denom-inations, the Cath-olic is the only one to entertain the idea that the visible head of its church should as-pire to political of-fice and to a posi-tion of political influence as a civil ruler. The Pope is the only ecclesi-astic who claims authority by divine right over the nations. Papal Price for Papal Peace Naturally such a suggestion as that made by the Post leads to the inquiry, What will be the papal price of a papal-made peace? Will it mean progress or retrogression? Will it mean comfort and happiness for all concerned, or the Inquisition, the rack, the gibbet, and the fagot for dissenters? If realized, will it  mean the restoration of the temporal power to the Catholic hierarchy? and will it require " the prince," " the legis-lature," and " the nation as a society," " not only to believe in the Pope, but to be subject to him? " Will it mean a union of church and state with the church supreme, which is now, as it ever has been, a fundamental and world-wide doc-trine of Roman Catholicism? Root Cause of War In view of the fact that Pope Benedict XV has such pronounced views as to the pa-p a 1 prerogatives, and alleges that the fundamental con-stitutional princi-ples of government which were insti-tuted as the result of the triumph of the great Refor-mation, a r e the " root cause " of the war, and that these constitutional principles must be revolutionized and the church recog-nized again as the final court of ap-peal and arbitrator of all nations, we would ask again, What is the price the nations must pay for a papal-made peace ? A much-boasted doctrine of the Church of Rome is semper cadem (always the same), and viewed from 'that standpoint, a papal peace would in the ultimate be a far greater calamity to the nations of the world than even the present bloody cataclysm. The Present War Justifiable The Catholic press and Catholic writ-ers have declared that the present war, 39 