LIBERTY  15 disreputable transactions this earth has ever seen. The Inquisition is the very antithesis of religious liberty Ñ it is religious intoler-ance worked out. Against that mystery of iniquity Martin Luther set his hand in the sixteenth century, and the key of his success was the spirit in which he did it. " It is by the Word that we must fight. I am unwilling to employ force against the superstitious or unbeliev-ing. None ought to be constrained. Lib-erty is of the essence of faith. . . . I have never drawn the sword, nor called for ven-geance. I have committed all to God, and have waited for his strong hand. It is neither with the sword nor the musket that Christians fight." These principles were the headlight of Luther's work; but when Lu-theranism, still professing the principles laid down by Luther, became the state church of Prussia and the Scandinavian countries, it denied its right to the title, and might well be likened to a great express train tearing along in the darkness with its headlight pointing backward rather than forward. What the Lutherans have done in these countries, Zwingle was instrumental in ac-complishing in Switzerland. Calvanism in Geneva was of the same type, and citizens were compelled to swear to the confession of faith. Scotland suffered under the same system, and religious liberty in England, France, and Ireland was overridden by the decrees of Henry the Eighth, the first head of the Church of England. The Seed Transplanteo Out of all this wilderness of intolerance  they sought that same wickedness from which they fled. And they pruned and cul-tivated it well, and saturated the soil in which they planted it with the blood of those who differed from them in matters of faith and conscience. Instance John Cot-ton teaching in Massachusetts Colony the blessedness of persecution; the banishment of Roger Williams and William Cartright for teaching religious liberty, and the ban-ishment of scores of others for practising it; the rhutilation of Quakers by cutting off their ears, boring their tongues with a red-hot iron, whipping at the cart's tail, and, finally, the death sentence passed upon them and executed ; the whippings and other per-secutions of the Baptists; the " blue laws " of Connecticut, and similar legislation and persecution in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Georgia, and Virginia. o4 Net,  Order of Things In the midst of this religious oppression stood the little State of Rhode Island, with a liberty-loving, Christian governor, an ex-ile for Christ's sake from the common-wealth of Massachusetts. Rhode Island stood among the States as a star of hope, lighting the path to religious liberty in the nation. The policy of her governor in this respect is declared in these words : " Any breach of the civil law shall be punished, but the freedom of different consciences shall be respected." " But whatsoever for-tune may befall, let us not be compelled to exercise any civil power over men's con-sciences." Then came the Declaration¥ of Indepen- CALLOW'S HILL, SALEM, MASS. SITE OF THE WITCHCRAFT EXECUTIONS came the early settlers of the Western Hemisphere, fleeing from the persecutions of the Old World, and bearing with them pestilential seeds to propagate in the home  dence and the Constitution of the United States. The glorious flower of religious liberty had bloomed among the thorn trees planted by the first settlers of the country. 