LIBERTY 29 and state. The union of church and state is responsible for the history of intolerance of the Dark Ages, the Inqui-sition, with its chamber of horrors, the millions of martyrs whose blood is still crying out against such wicked alliance. The light of the Reformation has swept from the statute books all laws pertain-ing to the first three commandments. We are not now answerable to the state for alleged heresies, nor for refusing to bow to images. How about the Sabbath? The Sabbath belongs to God and not to the state, for he calls it " my holy day." Therefore, keeping the Sabbath holy is a Christian, not a civil, duty. All Sunday laws are directly or indirectly religious legislation, and they therefore make a union of church and state. They are repugnant to the principles of reli- gious freedom guaranteed to the citizen by the Federal Constitution. They vio-late every bill of right of every State of the Union. They invite persecution, and have been the means of fining, imprison-ing, and making martyrs of God-fearing Christians. They are a black mark against the fundamental principles of Americanism. How can they survive the enlightenment of the twentieth cen-tury ? They do not, they can not, make better citizens. In Rome the union of paganism and state made it possible for Nero to feed Christians to the hungry lions, and transfix their burning forms, that had been dipped in pitch, to light his pleasure gardens. Divorce the church from the state. Emancipate the mind as well as the body. " Render therefore unto Cxsar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." EDITORIAL BREVITIES " I SHALL pass through this world but once. Any good therefore that I can do or any kindness that I can show to any human being, let me do it now. Let me not defer or neglect it, for I shall not pass this way again." This doctrine is the essence of true religion. T. tli Sti LIBERTY and democracy are represented by the statue on the front cover of the LIBERTY magazine. Gross darkness is shrouding the world with its black mantle, but the streaming light from the torch of freedom is piercing the gloom of night. Let us keep the torch burning to make the world safe for liberty and democracy. I.. tlE Two drastic Sunday bills (S. 226o and I-I. R. 128) are now pending before Con-gress. Do not fail to read the article entitled, " Congress and Pending Sunday Legislation," in order to get the real gist of the measures ; nor fail to read the ar-ticle on " Present Persecutions in Ver- mont and Maryland," for the purpose of learning how Sunday laws operate. These two articles ought to stir every liberty-loving citizen to send a protest against the passage of these bills to his Senators and Representative. Of Of IV THE recent Sunday law crusades car-ried on in certain localities of North Da-kota and Iowa are now past history. Just like all Sunday law crusades in the past, they came suddenly and unexpect-edly, like the swift-fleeing meteors of the night, produced a startling flash, and then sank into utter oblivion. What fools we mortals be! When shall we learn sense, and realize that Americans are free men. and not slaves? True Americans will not permit any ecclesiastical or political autocracy to juggle with religious free-dom and civil democracy. sot sV THE only punishment which the Scrip-tural Christian church imposed upon an unbeliever or a wrong-doer. was a re- 