LIBERTY 63 know where they are published, but there are six of them. The Chairman : This bill is directed against them? Admits the Real Purpose of the Bills Mr. Maher: It is the practice to use the mails to circulate scandalous and libelous ar-ticles, and I believe, from letters which I have received and from personal investiga-tion of it, that it is a direct attack upon one particular religion, upon the Catholic Church. That in my judgment is the intent of these publications. There are, I understand, t6,-000,000 Catholics in this country, and there are approximately 20,000 priests. I believe I voice their sentiment when I say they want protection against the slanderous and scur-rilous articles that are circulated through the mails. . . . As a citizen and a member of that religion that is attacked by these articles, I simply de-sire the right to live in peace and good will with my neighbors. I do not wish to go through life with religious prejudices. I have none. I care not in what way a man worships God; he has that right in this country to worship God in accordance with his own ideas. It is my particular religion that is attacked and I feel it. We are told that this is not a fight. The Chairman : I want to say that these bills on their face do not disclose anything of that sort. Mr. Maher : I know they do not. The Chairman : That is the reason we are asking these questions in order to see what really underlies the legislation. Mr. Maher: Well, I believe the bills on the face of them show what they intend to do, and if I were a member of the committee I think I could act in accordance with the in-tent of the bills as they were drawn, but I am stating some of the Š The Chairman: (Interposing) I think you are right about that. The committee wants to know the facts. Mr. Maher: Well, I am giving them to you according to my knowledge of them. No Need of Such Legislation Mr. Finley : There is one question which I would like to ask you in regard to legislation of this character. Legislation as is proposed here would lodge with the Postmaster-Gen-eral the final decision as to what was or was not a religion, and of course following that, what was or was not a slander or a libel on that religion? Mr. Maher: 1 do not think that would be the question. 1 think '-te simple question would be as to what was or was not a slander or a libel.  Mr. Finley: You would lodge the power to decide that in the Postmaster-General? Mr. Maher: Yes. And I think the party affected should have the right to appeal over the decision of the Postmaster-General. Mr. Finley: Why not let him have the right to go into the courts in the first in-stance? Mr. Maher : Not being a lawyer, I would not be able to answer that. The remarks of Mr. Gallivan and Mr. Maher left no doubt as to who was urg-ing this class of -legislation. A church, smarting under the attacks of its adver-saries, was seeking to have the govern-ment declare a literary embargo upon all publications that oppose the doctrines and the purposes of that particular or-ganization. In doing so, it sought to shield itself from opposition and criti-cism by making the terms of that embargo general and depending upon friendly or intimidated officials later to interpret those terms as they wished them to be interpreted. There being no others to speak in be-half of the bills, opportunity was given for those to be heard who opposed the measures. The first speaker for the op-position was Rev. R. H. McKim, who spoke in part as follows : Š Argument of Dr. McKim I am here this morning representing the Federation of Pastors, a federation of Prot-estant ministers of the city of Washington, with a membership of approximately three hundred, and representing nearly every branch of the Protestant faith in this city. The mem-bers of that organization have asked me to come here and voice their protest against these bills. I am not here, however, as a Protestant; I am not here as a Christian; I am here simply as an American citizen to protest against bills which seem to us to be inconsistent with the principles upon which this great republic of ours rests. We are opposed to these bills in the first place because we believe them to be un-American. We believe it to be contrary to the mind and to the heart of the people of this country, and contrary to the history of this country, that a law like this proposed law should be enacted, which is, in effect, an attack upon the liberty of the press. Now, sir, do not misunderstand me. We have no desire to protect or apologize for any publications that are scurrilous, or libelous, or defamatory, or filthy in their character. We would to God that there were not pub- 