LIBERTY 17 to adopt the only wise and safe platform as enunciated by the great Galilean Prophet and the greatest Teacher of all men, when he said, " Render to Caesar G. THEOTOKIS Mr. Theotokis was Prime Minister of Greece in 19o1, and was mobbed because of his efforts to keep order. He resigned under pressure of the opposition , but is now holding the same offi-cial position the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." There are things that belong to Caesar alone, and things that belong to God alone, and these must be kept forever separate. That is the only basis upon which the two can operate agreeably without stain-ing their garments with innocent blood. All that Rome ever did in her palm-iest days of persecution was simply to incorporate the religious tenets and ob-servances of the most popular church in that day into civil enactments, and then enforce the law, with its attendant penal-ties, upon non-conformists and dissent-ers. They did not call it persecution then, not even when the rivers of Europe  flowed crimson with the blood of mar-tyrs. They said they were simply en-forcing the law. That is all that King Nebuchadnezzar did when he cast the three Hebrews into the fiery furnace. That is all that King Darius did when he cast Daniel into the lions' den. " The law of the Medes and Persians . . . altereth not." But God altered their laws when he vindicated his servants; and that was written for our learning. All that was said to justify their course in crucifying Christ was : " We have a law, and by our law he ought to die." They did not think they were persecuting. The Roman Catholic Church of the days of medievalism, and the Protestant churches of the days following the Ref-ormation, carried on bloody persecution. But the people back there were just as sincere as those of to-day. There was a cause back of that bloody history. That cause was a union of church and state,Š of religion and politics,Š and the results were terrific. And now while Russia, Turkey, Italy, and France are divorcing the church and the state and abolishing persecution, we in Amer-ica are uniting the two again by com-mitting our legislatures to religious legislation, and because of that fact per-secution is again raising its venomous head in this country. The principle of total separation of re-ligion and the state was the orthodoxy of the founders of this nation of ours. If there is any one thing that they did above another, that made this nation great, it was to take the flatfooted, fair, and firm stand they did for an absolute separation of church and state, and a government where all, both Jew and Gentile, citizen and alien, might worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences. They were opposed even to the men-tion of the name of God or Christ in the Constitution of the land, not because they were hostile to God, to the church or religion, but because they knew that every page of history in the government of other nations where religion was es- 