SENATOR U. C. LODGE 160 LIBERTY States than they sometimes do if they were to interpret that instrument in har-mony with the Declaration of Independ-ence, rather than in harmony with Eng-lish, French, and Roman law, and with the decisions of English courts. The Declaration of Independence and the Constitution, which was formed only eleven years later, were designed by the fathers of the Republic to establish a new order of things. But to far too great a n extent their work has been nullified by Old World influences and by judicial con-servatism, or more accurately, r ea c-tionism. Watson's Maga sine for February contained an article entitled " Back to t h e Constitution," by Chief Justice Walter Clark of North Carolina. that deserves not only to be read, but to be carefuLy studied. We can-not say that we fully agree that the English system is better than our own, as Judge Clark seems to imply, in that it makes the legislature the supreme governing body under the people ; but the judge certainly shows very clearly that our own system, in which the Supreme Court is the highest authority, is very far from perfect, and that the power of that tribunal not only may be abused, but that it has been abused, as in the matter of declaring the income tax unconstitutional, some years ago Š a decision that the peo-ple reversed by Constitutional amend-ment. Perhaps what we most need in this country is a revival of the love of gen- uine liberty and an enthusiastic espousal of the bedrock principles of justice be- tween man and man. For while the forms of democracy may be preserved, true freedom can exist only in name un-less the love of it dominates the heart of the individual citizen to such an extent that he feels not only that he must have liberty himself, but that he must demand freedom and justice likewise for his fel-low men. Individual liberty must be pre-served, for in it is bound up national liberty. The state cannot be free and its citizens or any por-tion of them slaves. In a democracy, as are the people so will be the govern-ment. If the whole people have learned to submit to law, they can administer a government of law, but not other-wise ; and our s should be a govern-ment not of ca-price, nor of men, but of principles, the principles o the Declaration of Independence as subsequently r e -stated, amplified, and formally crys-tallized into law in our national Con-stitution. The tendency of the times is to regard far too lightly the principles once regarded as vital. There has been an unwarranted extension of the " police powers." Of course this has been due to apparent necessity. Under great stress precedents are established that are sure to rise up to vex us in the future. Our government should be strictly one of law, and never of clamor. The peo-ple should be taught to respect the law, and in this the judicial and executive de-partments of government, municipal, state, and national should scrupulously set a worthy example. Even the right thing is right only when done in the right way. C. P. n. 