LIBERTY  157 nians. In this call for making stricter Sunday laws at these world conferences, men are following in the wake of the church councils of medieval times, and those who will not submit will feel the iron hand of oppression as it was felt in those dark and evil times. The same kind of influence and power that was back of all previous Sunday-law, church-and-state legislation in the formation of the Papacy in Rome, is back of all this National Reform legisla-tion. In those days there was a con-tinual agitation for Sunday laws, just as there is today. There was a continual agitation for religious legislation by the first conspiracy, just as there is today. The things which happened back in the days under Constantine were done in the interests of social service and for the gen- eral welfare of church and state; but in the end they proved the downfall of both church and state, and the greatest curse that ever befell society. This seems to be the trend of all Sunday laws and all religious legislation. It does not make Christians, but, inflated with civil author-ity, intoxicated with carnal power, and equipped with the civil sword, professed Christians become the worst of perse-cutors. The Papacy was built up by the church dabbling in politics, coercing politicians, and cajoling state officers, until it ob-tained the support of the civil law in behalf of the church. The National Reform Association employs the same means and will accomplish the same ends. Pittsburgh, Pa. Struggles for Freedom W. MAYHEW HEALEY THE Stoic Epictetus, who taught phi-losophy in Rome about the middle of the first century of the Christian era, said of freedom : " He is free who lives as he likes; who is not subject to compulsion, to restraint, or to violence ; whose pur-suits are unhindered, his desires success-ful, his aversions unincurred. No wicked man, then, lives as he likes ; therefore no such man is free. . . . Neither they who are called kings nor the friends of kings live as they like. Who, then, after all, is free?" It is true that no one has absolute freedom, if one associates with others. All rights and liberties are circumscribed by the rights and privileges of others. If one withdraws from the society of others and lives alone, that very act de-prives that person of liberty. Man's first sin led him into spiritual and physical bondage ; and to be a slave in this double sense is to be a slave in every sense. Upon every page of human history, from the human standpoint, may be  truthfully written the word slave, and following it a pitiful story of struggles, desires, and cries for liberty. There has been one universal wail because of bond-age to disease, pain, and death. Nearly every soul has sometime cried for freedom from the power of its own passions and appetites. Untold numbers have struggled for, and untold millions have given their lives to obtain, civil liberty,Ñ freedom from oppressive laws and the cruel authority of men. The tendency of human government, during all the ages past, in both church and state, has been toward the exercise of power to destroy the liberties and privileges of those who differed from it. This may not have been altogether from a desire to oppress. But the exercise of authority, in church or state, or anywhere else, increases the feeling of ability in those who exercise authority, and a cor-responding depreciation of the capability of others, until it is thought by them an act of kindness to rule the slave, and 