14 LIBERTY Department, who, with Third Assistant Postmaster Dockery, constitutes the court of inquisition in the censorship cases. About thirty of these publications have been summoned to show why they should not be deprived of the second-class mailing privilege, and a number, es-timated at a dozen or fifteen, have been completely suppressed. The black list in-cludes everything from small, sporadic monthlies or weeklies to daily papers having a half million circulation. It in-cludes English-speaking as well as for-eign papers, and the scope of the De-partment's activities ranges from Texas to Massachusetts. Some of the Barred Among the papers permanently cut off from the use of the second-class mailing privileges are: The Bull, New York City; the Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga. (one of Tom Watson's magazines) ; Watson's Magazine, Thomson, Ga.; Wachter and Anzeiger, Cleveland, Ohio; the Leader, Milwaukee, Wis; the American Socialist, Chicago; the Rebel, Texas; the Masses, New York City. Among the papers summoned to show why they should not be deprived of the mailing privilege are : The Jewish Daily Forward, New York City ; the Call, New York City ; the American, Charleston, S. C. In addition, there are probably a dozen other publications, summoned or sup-pressed, whose names are unknown. The list of the summoned and sup-pressed papers includes practically all Socialistic publications. What appears to be the ordinary formula of Socialism is regarded by the Department as objec-tionable in many instances under the sec-ond paragraph of the Espionage Act, in-voked by Postmaster-General Burleson as a " rule to the Post Office Depart-ment " to determine what publications are admissible to the mails. Not All Socialists It is not only the Socialist press, how-ever, that is regarded by the post office censoring bureau as offensive. The  Charleston American has not the remot-est affiliation with Socialism. Its editor was a great admirer of President Wilson at one time, but he has failed to follow him in the war. The Jewish daily, Forward, is the prin-cipal organ of the Jewish population in New York. Its offending was likewise not due to its voicing of Socialism, but in utterances on the lines of pacifism. Tom Watson's publications in Georgia were much more militantly opposed to the war, and were aggressively against the conscription law, which Watson con-tended was unconstitutional. The Masses, in New York City, has been the voice of a small group of in-tellectuals who disagree with almost any conventionalities, and have felt them-selves free to climb the Olympus of in-tellect and survey critically all conditions of the commoner human beings in the world's valleys below. This was an of-fense to Burleson, who felt its editor, Max Eastman, must be a traitor to his country. So he held up the publication and neglected to make any ruling on the number of Masses published for subse-quent months, with the result that the lat-ter were in effect also refused the mails. " Citing " Brings Discredit It is said that serious injury has been done many publications by the mere an-nouncement to the world that they have been " cited to show cause," even when the Department has not ruled that they were guilty. The fact that they were cited tended to discredit them, and has made them an easy prey for competitors and an easy victim of war antagonisms. In the case of Victor Berger, some busi-ness men of Milwaukee were moved to organize a boycott of advertisers to ruin his publication, while in South Carolina the American, which was the second pa-per in circulation in the State, suffered heavily in its circulation and also from an incipient boycott by advertisers. In several cases, notably the Call and the Jewish Forward, the Department has withheld its decision, leaving the sword of Damocles hanging over their heads. 