Temperance The Liquor Traffic THERE is no man whose interests the liquor traffic does not imperil. There is no man who for his own safeguard should not set himself to destroy it. Above all other places having to do with secular interests only, legislative halls and courts of justice should be free from the curse of intemperance. Governors, sena-tors, representatives, judges, men who enact and administer a nation's laws, men who hold in their hands the lives, the fair fame, the possessions of their fellows, should be men of strict temperance. Only thus can their minds be clear to discriminate be-tween right and wrong. Only thus can they possess firmness of princip'e, and wis-dom to administer justice and to show mercy. . . . The licensing of the liittor traffic is advo-cated by many as tending to restrict the drink evil. But the licensing of the traffic places it under the protection of the law. The government sanctions its existence, and thus fosters the evil which it professes to restrict. Under the protection of license laws, breweries, distilleries, and wineries are planted all over the land, and the liquor-seller pies his work beside our very doors. Often he is forbidden to sell intoxicants to one who is drunk, or who is known to be a confirmed drunkard; but the work of making drunkards of the youth goes steadily forward. Upon the creating of the liquor appetite in the youth the very life of the traffic depends. The youth are led on, step by step, until the liquor habit is established, and the thirst is created that at any cost demands satisfaction. Less harmful would it be to grant liquor to the confirmed drunk-ard, whose ruin, in most cases, is already determined, than to permit the flower of our youth to be lured to destruction through this terrible habit. By the licensing of the liquor traffic, temptation is kept constantly before those who are trying to reform. Institutions have been established where the victims of in-temperance may be helped to overcome their appetite. This is a noble work; but so long as the sale of liquor is sanctioned by law, the intemperate receive little benefit from inebriate asylums. They can not remain  there always. They must again take their place in society. The appetite for intox-icating drink, though subdued is not wholly destroyed; and when temptation assails them, as it does on every hand, they too often fall an easy prey. The man who has a vicious beast, and who, knowing its disposition, allows it liberty, is by the laws of the land held accountab'e for the evil the beast may do. In the laws given to Israel the Lord di-rected that when a beast known to be vic-ious caused the death of a human being, the life of the owner should pay the price of his carelessness or malignity. On the same principle the government that licenses the liquor-seller, should be held responsible for the results of his traffic. And if it is a crime worthy of death to give liberty to a vicious beast, how much greater is the crime of sanctioning the work of the liquor-seller ! Licenses are granted on the plea that they bring revenue to the public treasury. But what is this revenue compared with the enormous expense incurred for the criminals, the insane, the paupers, that are the fruit of the liquor traffic! A man under the influence of liquor commits a crime; he is brought into court ; and those who legalized the traffic are forced to deal with the result of their own work. They authorized the sale of a draught that would make a sane man mad; and now it is neces-sary for them to send the man to prison or to the gallows whi'e often his wife and children are left destitute, to become the charge of the community in which they live. Considering only the financial aspect of the question, what folly it is to tolerate such a business! But what revenue can compensate for the loss of human reason, for the defacing and deforming of the image of God in man, for the ruin of chil-dren, reduced to pauperism and degradation, to perpetuate in their children the evil ten-dencies of their drunken fathers? The honor of God, the stability of the nation, the well-being of the community, of the home, and of the individual, demand that every possible effort be made in arous-ing the people to the evil of intemperance. 