TABLE AND CHAIR USED AT THE SIGNING OF THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE 1U L1BEKT Y for instance, compel every man to keep the true Sabbath, to pray, pay tithes, partake of the Lord's supper, and be immersed; but he does none of these things. The very act of compelling men to obey him, contrary to their conscience, would be tyranny. He did not compel the holy angels in the heavenly courts to do right; he left them free to choose, and made them responsible for the results of their choice. The voluntary service of love is all that is, or ever can be, acceptable to the Lord. True Christian liberty grants to every man the right to think as he pleases in the realm of religion. God made the human mind free. The principle which prevailed in the Dark Ages claimed jurisdiction over the mind, as well as the body; and in the gloomy dungeons of the terrible In-quisition, the creaking of the infernal instruments of torture, and the groans of the mangled and dying victims, were but the result of trying to control the thoughts of the heart, and punish that which was deemed heresy. Christian liberty will ever oppose the intrusion of the civil magistrate in religious matters; not because the thing legislated upon is unscriptural, but because the prin-ciple is wrong. It is equally wrong, in principle, to enforce the true religion. To admit the right of any law-making power to legislate upon the true faith is the very essence of " the mystery of iniquity." To admit the right of the state to suppress a wrong doctrine is to acknowledge the right of the state to define the true faith, and enforce the same: and when this is admit- ted, the whole temple of religious freedom is undermined, and the structure collapses. To decide which is the true faith necessi-tates a standard of infallibility by which to determine what is orthodox and what is heresy. Rome recognizes this, and vests this attribute of the deity in the pope, the so-called vicegerent of Christ on earth. For the state, therefore, to assume that some certain religious tenets are right, and should be enforced, is to place itself on papal ground. Sunday laws are being much sought after. Such legislation is not wrong simply because Sunday is not the Bible Sabbath. The principle of relig-ious legislation is wrong. It would not be right for the state to enforce the seventh-day Sab-bath. A man has the civil right to keep Sunday if he desires, without any dictation from the state. Deciding which day is the Sabbath is not the work of the state. This whole question of religious legislation is something with which the state has nothing whatever to do. We can think of nothing which would more effectually destroy the sacredness and heavenly purity of the Sab-bath of Jehovah, and other of his divine ordinances, than to en-force their observance upon unbelievers by civil law. True Christian liberty will, therefore, enter its protest against any meddling by the state with religious mat-ters. The alliance of the church with worldly power is an element of weakness instead of strength. Macaulay truly said, '" The ark of God was never taken till it was sur- rounded by the arms of earthly defenders. In captivity its sanctity was sufficient to vindicate it from insult, and to lay the hos-tile fiend prostrate on the threshold of his own temple." Professed Protestantism to-day has lost sight of the principles of Christian liberty. As this leaves the heart, tyranny takes the throne, and men seek to bind their fellow men. This ceaseless clamor and everlast- ing petitioning of the law-making powers for laws enforcing religious dogmas, in-dicates unmistakably this fact. The bane ful fruit of the work of the Pilgrim fa fliers in this matter has not yet been fully 