34 LIBERTY for his Father's word Š the truth Š before a great church, the professed people of God, and before one of the mightiest na-tions of earth, the Roman republic in its brightest days of worldly power. But which triumphed? The same conflict raged after Jesus was nailed to the cross for testifying to the truth. His disciples fearlessly maintained, " Whether it is right in the sight of God to harken unto you [a fallen church, backed by the Roman power] more than unto God, judge ye." These believers were persecuted, hated, hunted, and killed in all manner of ways. simply because they loved God, obeyed him, and fearlessly witnessed for what in their souls they knew to be the truth. The masses framed laws against them, ignored them, or jeered at them, and continued to do this cruel work. Is it not worth your time to stop and carefully consider to which class you will belong? Sooner or later you will be forced to take your stand either with the one or the other. With which will you choose to be numbered when God makes his final count Š the persecuted or the persecutors? Christian Liberty " The true doctrine is not our right to think for ourselves, but the right of the other man to think for himself." THE impression very widely prevails that the battle for Christian liberty has been fought and won. So far as regards persecution of the more active kind, this is the case in the larger part of the civil-ized world. The right of the minority to free speech and free action in the line of conscientious conviction is, in theory at least, conceded. But it is a mistake to assume that be-cause harsh laws have been softened, hu-man nature has been radically changed. The grosser forms of persecution have dis-appeared, but subtler forms remain. The intolerant spirit has survived the death of many institutions by which intolerance was once manifested. Christian liberty is still, in a considerable degree, conceded only in theory. Men still endeavor to punish those who have the temerity to differ with them. There is no cause for astonishment at this manifestation of inconsistency. It is one of the curious things in human history  to see how generally the persecuted have become in turn persecutors the moment the power was lodged in their hands. And why ? Š Because the true principle of Christian liberty had not been grasped, and is to this day apprehended by only a few. The right of any body of men to differ in opinion from others has always been claimed by them; there is no novelty in that. From the beginning, every Christian sect that has arisen has vehemently contended for its right to differ from others. But in few cases has any sect conceded the right of others to differ from it, or forborne to persecute when it had the power. And in LIBERTY TREE, BOSTON COMMON our own day, each man is prompt to claim and assert the right to think for himself; but how loath most are to concede the equal right of all other men to think for themselves ! Every one resents any attempt to coerce him into the avowal of anything that he does not honestly believe, but how few of us fail at one time or another to attempt thus to coerce others. The true doctrine of Christian liberty is not our right to think for ourselves, but the right of the other man to think for himself. There is no danger now that our rights will not be insisted upon and enforced, particularly if our thinking happens to fall within that of the majority. It is the other man's liberty that is in danger, especially if he happens to be in the minority. It is his liberty that demands defense at all haz- 