12 LIBERTY religious observance. It is not sufficient, according to this exemption clause, that one who wishes to labor on Sunday has rested on another day of the week, but he must " conscientiously " believe that that other day is the Sabbath, and he must refrain from labor on that day " for religious rea-sons." In the light of such provisions as these, what becomes of the much vaunted claim that Sunday laws are simply police regulations, or that they are simply for the purpose of securing one day in seven as a day of rest for the laboring man? According to this proposed Oklahoma law, if a man rests on any other day than Sun-day, he must do so " for religious reasons," or he will be compelled to rest on Sun-day also, all of which shows that religion, and not rest, is the primary feature of the bill. But aside from this, what have legislators and judges to do with a man's conscientious belief ? or on what ground can they inquire whether a man rests on a certain day " for religious reasons "? How shall it be de-cided whether the belief is " conscientious," or whether the rest is " for religious rea-sons"? If the judges are in doubt, will it not be necessary to call for the inquisitors? With Cicero we might exclaim, " Where in the world are we ! In what city do we live! " The language of this bill might easily suggest that we are in Spain in the Middle Ages, or that we are in Constanti-nople under the benign influence of Mo-hammedanism. The consideration of the various Sunday bills which are discussed in this issue of LIBERTY ought to show clearly the folly of attempting to legislate in behalf of a relig-ious institution. Recognizing that such legislation will work a hardship to those who observe another day, an attempt is made to exempt them from some of the provisions of these laws, but the very word-ing of these exemption clauses shows that the purpose is to require the religious ob-servance of one day of the week. We lift the danger signal against all such legisla-tion. It is distinctly religious legislation, and is both un-American and unchristian, The Divine Sabbath Law THE true Sabbath does not need the prop of a civil statute, for it rests upon a divine law. We respectfully urge those who are seeking legislation by the state in favor of Sunday seriously to consider this fact. This law is the fourth precept of the decalogue, and is recorded in Ex. zo: 8-1r, and reads as follows: Š Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man servant, nor thy maid servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates ; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sab-bath day, and hallowed it. Concerning this precept, we call atten-tion to the following facts : God himself wrote this law upon stone. Ex. 31: 18. Its promulgation was attended with the most sublime exhibition of glory and power which has been seen since the creation of the world. " Mount Sinai was altogether on a smoke, because the Lord descended upon it in fire; and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly." Ex. 19: 18. 2. This law has never been repealed. Concerning the divine precepts, the psalm-ist declares: " My tongue shall speak of thy word; for all thy commandments are righteousness." " Thy righteousness is an everlasting righteousness, and thy law is the truth." Ps. 119 172, 142. "The works of his hands are verity and judgment; all his commandments are sure. They stand fast forever and ever, and are done in truth and uprightness." Ps. III : 7, 8. Jesus came not to annul or destroy this law, but to magnify it, and make it honor-able. Isa. 42 : 21. To the Pharisees, some of whom were saying in their hearts that he had come to do away with the law, he said : " Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil. For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, 