LIBERTY 77 Article 2 of the constitution of this as-sociation says:: The objects of this so-ciety shall be to maintain existing Chris-tian features in the American govern-ment; to promote needed reforms in the action of the government touching the Sabbath, the institution of the family, the religious element in education, the oath and public morality as affected by the liq-uor traffic, and other kindred evils; and to secure such an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States as will de-clare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and to in-dicate that this is a Christian nation, and to place all the Christian laws, institu-tions, and usages of our government on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land." In other words, they desire to make Christianity the legal religion of the nation. Henry Collin Minton, D. D., LL. D., is at present the president of this asso-ciation. Dr. Minton was one of the speakers at the 1910 conference. The sub-ject of Dr. Minton's address at that time was " National Christianity and Public Education." In the course of his talk, the following significant statement was made : " In countries where an estab-lished church exists, it is assumed that the institutions and influences of religion are necessary to the production 'of good citizenship and to the well-being of the state, and hence these are maintained at the state's expense. . . . Discredit the theory if you do not like it. I do, and perhaps you would agree with me if we only had time to see how broad and far- reaching are the economical interests of the state." This is enough to show the attitude of the head of the National Re- form Association toward a state-estab- lished religion. There is no question but that he is in hearty sympathy with such a plan. From his position, he will have a molding influence on the conference. Again, it is to be understood that this voices the real sentiment of all the lead-ers in this movement. The Christian Statesman is the official organ of the association, and the means  whereby it speaks to the world. In its issue for November, 1912, there ap-peared the following: Š " There should be new national legis-lation whereby there shall be embraced in our federal Constitution some such ex-pression of the principles of Christian civil government as the following: We recognize Almighty God revealed in Jesus Christ as the source of all author-ity in civil government and the ruler among men, and accept his revealed will as the ultimate standard of right." It is hoped by the promoters of the conference to make this great gathering a means to secure this much-desired leg-islation. It does not seem to occur to them that a state-established religion would demand a state-established head of that established religion. That is surely a marked departure from the ac-cepted ideas of true Americanism. As surely as this or any similar amendment is secured, so surely will dissenters be persecuted. The article from which the above is an excerpt closes with the fol-lowing significant statement : " The sec-ond World's Christian Citizenship Con-ference will therefore serve the greatest practical use not only by awakening and deepening popular sentiment in behalf of Christian legislation, but by bringing to bear at the same time upon political or-ganizations and governments some defi-nite pressure that may lead ultimately to their open espousal of Christian political principles." The promoters of the con-ference hope that a wave may be set in motion that will compel political par-ties to grant their demands, and cause such parties to consider it good policy to give to the National Reform Association the demanded religious legislation. A wise statesman once said, " Keep the church and the state forever separate." This is certainly not giving heed to that counsel. The lessons of the dark ages and of the early history of our own na-tion, and the condition of the nations who to-day have a union of church and state, should teach men that the ends of both the church and the state can best be attained by keeping them separate. 