WILLIAM II, EMPEROR OF GERMANY The German emperor declares he will win this war if it takes the last breath of the last man and last horse. 154 LIBERTY Declaration was that sentiment which gave liberty not alone to the people of this country, but, I hope, to all the world for all future time. It was that which gave promise that in due time the weights would be lifted from the shoulders of all men, and that all should have an equal chance." The Bulwark of Liberty In his speech at Edwardsville, Ill., Sept. 13, 1858, Lincoln thus paid trib-ute to the love of liberty : " What constitutes the bulwark of our own liberty and independence ? It is not our frowning battlements, our bristling seacoasts, our army, and our navy. These are not our reliance against tyr-anny. All of these may be turned against us without making us weaker for the struggle. Our reliance is in the  love of liberty which God has planted in us. Our defense is in the spirit which prized liberty as the heritage of all men, in all lands everywhere. Destroy the spirit and you have planted-  the seeds of despotism at your own doors. Familiar-ize yourselves with the chains of bondage and you prepare your own limbs to wear them. Ac-customed to trample on the rights of others, you have lost the genius of your own inde-pendence and become the fit sub-jects of the first cunning tyrant who rises among you. And let me tell you that all these things are prepared for you by the teachings of history." His Definition of Liberty ŁLincoln and liberty are asso-ciate ideas that have become in-delibly stamped upon the minds as well as the money of Amer-icans. The great emancipator thus defined the term liberty in an address delivered at the Sanitary Fair, Baltimore, Md., April 18, 1864: " The world has never had a good definition of the word liberty, and the American people, just now, are much in want of one. We all declare for liberty; but in using the same word we do not all mean the same thing. With some the word liberty may mean for each man to do as he pleases with himself and the product of his labor, while with others the same word may mean for some men to do as .they please with other men and the prod-uct of other men's labor. Here are two not only different but incompatible things, called by the same name, liberty. And it follows that each of the things is, by the respective parties, called by two different and incompatible names Š lib-erty and tyranny. " The shepherd drives the wolf from the sheep's throat, for which the sheep thanks the shepherd as his liberator, while the wolf denounces him for the 