LIBERTY l; land Sunday law of 1723, which, by act of Congress in 1801, had been incorporated as a law of the District, " obsolete " and " repealed b y implication." " Such laws," the court said, " were the outgrowth of the sys-tem of religious intolerance that prevailed in many of the colo-nies. They prescribed religious and not civil duties." For de-cision, see Washington Law Re-porter for Feb. 14, 19o8. And yet this law simply prohibited " work,". " bodily labor," and " unlawful pastimes " on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday," and permitted " works of necessity and charity," just as the Johnston District Sunday bill now proposes to do. About the only difference between the two is in the penalty prescribed by each, one calling for " two hundred pounds of tobacco," or three hours " in the stocks ; " and the other thirty dollars fine or thirty days in prison. Only a few days ago the court of appeals of Kentucky adjudged as unconstitutional the Kentucky statute prohibiting the operation of barber shops on Sunday; and about a year ago the Oregon circuit court for the county of Multnomah declared the State Sunday closing law " in violation of the constitu-tional guaranty of religious freedom, and therefore void." If rightly adjudicated, this would be the verdict of every court upon every Sunday law in the land. As to court decisions, they can be found on almost all sides of all ques-tions, and can not therefore be taken as infallible guides in determining what is right. , In 1856 the Supreme Court of the United States rendered a decision in the Dred Scott case, in which the posi-tion was maintained that the Negro race MANUEL II, KING OF PORTUGAL " had no rights which the white man was bound to respect." But the people of the United States reversed that decision. Principle vs. Precedent Those who have a case least defensible upon principle generally rely most upon precedents. In the recent overturning in the House of Representatives, the leader in the overthrow of the old estab-lished order of things well said : " It does not make any difference to me that this system is sanctified by time. There has never been any progress in this world ex-cept by the overthrow of precedents and the establishment of new precedents." It matters not, therefore, if the prece-dents were all on the wrong side of this Sunday-law question ; Sunday laws are wrong, because they are religious, and ought therefore to be abolished. W. A. C. 