Ł R-1.7 LIBERTY 15 fairs, etc. When the state thinks that the church is remiss in its duties, it com-municates its reproofs and threats through the same channel, and the hold-ing of the check-book of the ecclesiastical exchequer in her hands gives consider-able pith and point to the state's injunc-tions. The ecumenical patriarch of the Greek OLGA, QUEEN OF THE GREEKS Catholic Church, residing at, Constanti-nople, is not only the spiritual head of all Hellenism, but is also invested with political power to represent at the Sub-lime Porte all the civil interests of the millions of Greeks within the Turkish empire. With the state of unrest and violence that prevails almost continually in the land of the Turk, the patriarch is employed to a greater extent, perhaps, with civil than with religious affairs. The church and the government in Greece are united in prohibiting the translation of the Bible, especially the New Testament, into modern Greek. Thus the masses of the churchgoers, who  include the whole population in a country where every man, woman, and child is a Christian because baptized into the church when an infant, can not read the Bible, and are ruled by the priests and tradition. The text of the decision of the Holy Synod on this matter, approved by the civil authority, reads thus : Š " The Holy Synod of the Church of Greece . . . rejects and disapproves and condemns as sacrilege, every change or alteration by translation into simpler Greek language, of the original text of the sacred gospel, not only as superfluous, but also as a violation of the usages of the church, constituting an offense against the conscience, and a distorting of its (the gospel's) divine import and teaching. It is commanded you (bish-ops) and through you all the clergy, in the name of the Synod, to exhort contin-ually your flock through paternal admoni-tions and persuasions, that no one at any time read any translation of the sacred gospel whatever, as forbidden and con-demned by the church." For the maintenance of the perpetual existence of the church, regardless of any PARLIAMENT HOUSE IN ATHENS Here stormy sessions were held in 1901 over the question of permitting the Bible to be trans-lated into the language of the people decline or apostasy that may take place in its teachings or practise, all prosely-ting is forbidden by an article of the original constitution. The propagation of any views that can be construed as in-imical to the interests of the established church, is punishable by the civil au-thorities. 