74 LIBERTY " The nation as a whole will not tolerate the bowing of our Chief Magistrate to that strange and pernicious mixture of politics and religion that is headed up at Rome. The two great per-ils of this country at the present day are an-archy, or Bolshevism, and Romanism. Rome is not concealing her aims regarding America. . . . The Roman Catholic Church has a perilous power and influence over the politicians and press of America today. Many farsighted Christian people shook their heads when John R. Mott consented to an alliance with the Knights of Columbus in the recent war-work campaign. Dr. Mott gave as his reason that though at first it was against his judgment, it was ' the wish .of the President.'"-- The Sing's Business (organ of the Bible Institute of Los Angeles), March, 1919. C. S. L. Concerning the New Plan to Close Sunday Theaters THE more one considers the action of certain pastors of Washington, who met recently to launch a movement aimed at the Sunday closing of every theater in Wash-ington, the more one.is impressed by the pe-culiar and inane refusal of certain members of the clergy to profit by past mistakes. One needs but to glance into history to find, not one parallel for the present action of the preachers, but dozens of parallels. Two thou-sand years ago the Saviour himself was a Sab-bath breaker, judged by the standards of his time. Jesus and his disciples walked through a grain field as he talked. The disciples were hungry and they threshed out the grain in their hands as they walked. Instantly the clergy of the day took to task the very founder of the Christian religion by asking if it were lawful to eat grain on the Sabbath day. It is likewise recorded that Jesus performed one of his miracles of healing on the Sabbath. The visual evidence of the terrific power of Christianity was to the clergy of the time a matter of the most complete indifference. The healing of an incurable ailment was something they chose to ignore, but they were instantly ready to denounce the healing Christ as a com-mon Sabbath breaker. Let us look closer into the history of our own times and we shall see that the recent action of the church Š or rather a certain small group of denominational clerics Š is only a new mani-festation of a spirit that has steadfastly de-nounced the Sunday enjoyment of every new device for relaxation and innocent pleasure that science and inventive genius have given man in the last twenty years, at least. Back in the days of 1897 the bicycle leaped into tremendous popularity. Men and women long chained to their homes and their imme-diate neighborhoods, suddenly were given the  opportunity to extend their horizons, to explore new regions, to learn of life just beyond their front yards. Naturally, they chose the Sab-bath, a day of rest and relaxation, as the day on which to make their bicycle jaunts toward the woods and fields. The pastors were up in arms. The pulpit thundered anathemas against this new contrap-tion of the devil which led men away from their churches, out into the sunshine and the coun-tryside to breathe God's air and smell the per-fume of his flowers. About the same time Š a little earlier, per-haps --- the Sunday newspaper was becoming an institution. Inventions in printing machin-ery made it possible to issue many-paged pub-lications in a few hours. Month by month, the Sunday newspaper, with its wealth of informa-tion of this and other lands, spread into the homes on Sunday morning. Again the preachers launched their diatribes against this new devil's tool wherewith Satan sought to forge a still more " godless " Sab-bath. The Sunday paper, the preachers dp-dared, was keeping men and women out of the churches. . . . Then, too, there was the street car, which preceded both the bicycle and the Sunday paper. It might be difficult to convince some of the younger generation that thousands of good peo ple once either walked to church or stayed at home because the church frowned on the Sunday operation of street cars, but there are thousands of persons still alive who can vividly recall the violent opposition of the pastors to the Sunday operation of city street cars. Time has proved, of course, that because a few men work on Sunday, many can travel great distances to the churches of their choice, and that communities no longer must be six blocks long and no longer, if one is to get to one's community church. The pastors' oppo-sition to the street car has disappeared because the street cars conquered that opposition in telling fashion, but the street ear was a " god-less " affair. Now, it would appear, the preachers are voicing the same old stupid opposition to prog-ress, only that same opposition is taking a new form. The motion picture, the newest inven-tion of science for man's amusement, is the latest instrument of the devil, we are told, to make more " godless "Š or is " Continental " the term used? Š the holy, Sabbath day. It keeps men and women from the churches. It corrupts their morals by lessening their respect for the day of rest. It is the same devilish, godless contraption that bicycles and street cars Š yes, and automobiles, too Š once were. Yet today the bicycle, the street car, and the automobile have been bent to the uses of the church, so that if the Sunday use of all three were abolished today, the church would be the greatest loser. 