LIBERTY If we tolerate the liquor traffic, we must support it, and that means hun- dreds of millions of dollars every year worse than wasted. Then it will cost us the manhood of our boys and the purity of our girls. The business must have them, or it will go down. As the flour-mill needs wheat, so the liquor traf-fic must have boys. " The success of our business," said a liquor dealer, " is de- pendent largely on the creation of an appetite for drink. The open field for this creation is among the boys." While the infamy of a business whose purpose is the destruction of our youth can not be measured in words, the following in-cident gives a sadly true picture of the traffic: Š " Gentlemen, I want you to understand that I am a liquor dealer. I keep a pub-lic house at Š, but I would have you know that I have a license, and keep a decent house. I don't keep loafers and loungers about my place ; and when a man has enough, he can't get any more at my bar. I sell to decent people, and do a respectable business." " Friend," replied a Quaker, " that is the most dam-nable part of thy business. If thee would sell to drunkards and loafers, thee would help to kill off the race, and society would be rid of them. But thee takes the young, the poor, the innocent, and the unsuspecting, making drunkards and loafers of them. When their character and money are all gone, thee kicks them out, and turns them over to other shops to finish off, and thee ensnares others, and sends them on the same road to ruin." More than this, if we tolerate the liquor traffic, what shall be done for the increasing number of widows and or-phans which it turns over to the world? If that unhappy number to-day stood hand in hand, they would belt the globe three times. Ninety per cent of all crimes come directly or indirectly from the liquor traffic; but how can we con-demn the result when we legalize its cause? The United States spends two hundred times as much money for liquor  as all denominations give to missions; but we can not expect the liquor traffic to subsist on less in the future, if we keep it. We must expect an increasing number of lost homes, lost men, lost women, and an increasing amount of poverty, crime, sorrow, and disease,Šfor such are the products and by-prod-ucts of the liquor traffic. You say, Regulate the traffic? But ex-perience has taught no lesson more clearly than that the regulation of the liquor traffic is a stupendous failure. Re-form it? Again, history lifts its voice to counsel. The liquor business is not sus-ceptible of reformation. Some years ago a " reformed " saloon was opened in New York City. " It was inaugurated with religious services, and was blessed by Bishop Potter. It was to be a good moral saloon, where men could get what they wanted to drink without coming in contact with the obnoxious and demoral-izing features of the ordinary saloon." But that place can not be found to-day. The " reformed " saloon soon sickened and died. You can no more reform the saloon than you can change gunpowder to gold. Its revenue can not justify its existence; for every dollar it pays into the treasury the government lays out two for the support of courts, jails, and poorhouses. If statistics prove anything, they show that the liquor traffic is carried on at a tremendous loss to our nation. If the traffic has been given a fair trial, the ver-dict must be, " Weighed in the balance, and found wanting." It is more than economic loss. It is a terrible barter of public health and public morals; and so long as the saloon shall continue to yield crime, poverty, and woe, the licensed liquor traffic must stand forth as legal-ized crime. Without malice toward the men engaged in the liquor traffic, those who have the welfare of our nation at heart, can not ask, pray, or work for less than the abolition of a traffic which an-tagonizes and largely neutralizes every good influence of the home, of the school, and of the church. May God 