rfl LIBERTY understand the mysteries of Jehovah as revealed in nature. Divine inspiration asks many questions which the most pro-found scholar can not answer. These questions were not asked that we might answer them, but to call our attention to the deep mysteries of God, and to teach us that our wisdom is limited; that in the surroundings of our daily life there are many things beyond the com-prehension of finite minds; that the judg-ment and purposes of God are past find-ing out. His wisdom is unsearchable. Skeptics refuse to believe in God, be-cause with their finite minds they can not comprehend the infinite power by which he reveals himself to men. But God is to be acknowledged more from what he does not reveal of himself than from that which is open to our limited compre-hension. Both in divine revelation and in nature, God has given to men mys-teries to command their faith. This must be so. We may ever be searching, ever inquiring, ever learning, and yet there is an infinity beyond. After the Higher CriticismŠ What? A FEW days ago a professor in the University of Chicago was reported as saying that Christianity is not of divine or miraculous origin : Š " It is not a religion from a god, but an achievement of man, who created his own gods, in ancient times, in order that he might have them to help him in his defenselessness and ignorance ; to aid him in conquering his foes, and to dispel The darkness of his future, and the fear of death. More and more, people are giving up the idea that their religion is something handed down to them from a divine source. . . . Consequently, re-ligion is on a more rational basis, as peo-ple are cultivating it just as they culti-vate music, language, science, and morality." To verify this quotation is hardly nec-essary ; for if this particular man did not  say this particular thing, the words fairly represent the attitude of many of our higher critics. Their comments recall the satire of Kipling's " story of Evarra Šman Š maker of gods in lands beyond the sea." It is all very well to protest, as the higher critics do, that the Bible still remains one of the noblest monu-ments of literature. In the past, people have not cared whether this Book was literature or not ; the vital point was that it was the inerrant Word of God, the infallible rule of life. If it be robbed of this authority, what, we may ask, is science offering as a substitute? What is to come after higher criticism has done its work? We put the question in no spirit of hostility. Far from it. We would have the truth at any cost. We are not among those who would cling to a superstition because it happens to be comfortable, or because it helps to keep order among the masses of the rude and ignorant. We would not dwell in a fool's paradise. If the church rests its claims on certain traditions and documents, we would have those traditions and documents submitted to the most searching tests; for nothing can be gained in the long run by building either a house or a church on a founda-tion of sand. If we have been deceived as to the origin of the Bible and the sac-raments, if the ten commandments were not handed down from Sinai, let us face the disagreeable facts. But- let us also face the facts that if the moral law is not God-given, if the fear of. hell and the hope of heaven are illusions, the average man will not look upon life and its duties quite as he did a few decades ago. Clergymen sometimes attempt to conceal the change from themselves and their followers by sticking desperately to the old phrases,Š though in a new sense, Š and by sweeping generalizations about the unvarying validity of the essential sanctions of morality. But educated peo-ple perceive the hollowness of such for-mulas. Accepting the methods, if not in every case the detailed results, of scien-tific criticism, they turn to our pro- 