0, LONG MAY IT WAVE O'ER THE LAND OF THE FREE AND THE HOME OF THE BRAVE 102 LIBERTY lieved in a supreme Ruler of the uni-verse. That of Mr. Adams called for a Christian worship. Many private letters reproached the proclamation issued by J. M. for using the general terms used in that of President Washington and some of them for not insert-ing terms particularly ac-cording with the faith of certain Christian sects. The practice, if not strictly guarded, naturally termi-nates in a conformity to the creed of the majority, and of a single sect, if amount-ing to majority. 5. The last and not the least objection is the liability of the practice to a subser-viency to political views, to the scandal of religion, as well as the increase of party animosities. Candid or in-cautious politicians will not always disown such views. In truth, it is difficult to frame such a religious proc-lamation generally suggested by a political state of things, without referring to them in terms having some bearing on party questions. The proclamation of President Washington, which was is-sued just after the suppres-sion of the insurrection in Pennsylvania, and at a time when the public mind was divided on several topics, was so construed by many. Of this the Secretary of State himself, E. Ran- dolph, seems to have had an anticipation. The original draft of that instrument, filed in the Department of State, is in the handwriting of Mr. Hamilton, the Sec- retary of the Treasury. It appears that several slight alterations only had been made at the suggestion of the Secretary of State; and in a marginal note in his hand, it is remarked that, " in short, this proclamation ought to savor as much as possible of religion ; and not too much  of having a political object." In a sub-joined note in the hand of Mr. Hamilton this remark is answered by the counter remark that " a proclamation by a gov-ernment, which is a national act, natu-rally embraces objects which are polit- ical ; " so naturally is the idea of policy associated with religion, whatever be the mode or the occasion, when' a function of the latter is assumed by those in power. During the administration of Mr. Jef-ferson no religious proclamation was issued. It being understood that his suc-cessor was disinclined to such interpo-sitions of the executive, and by some supposed, moreover, that they might orig-inate with more propriety with the leg-islative body, a resolution was passed 