6 LIBERTY But they were devised for conditions very different from any that to-day ex-ist, and by lights that have long ceased to guide either lawmakers or executives. The growing numbers of defenders of the old-time blue-laws is not a good sign of the times. It is rather an evidence of retrogression and preparation for a re-turn to the " old order of things," when religion was made a matter of law, and conscience compelled to yield to the will of the majority. The editor well says that these laws were " none too serviceable " in their day. They did, however, serve the pur-poses of the narrow-minded and bigoted as means of persecution, as such laws always do. As means of promoting gen-uine religion they were and always will be dismal failures. It is true also that " they were devised for conditions very different from any that to-day exist," one of the chief of which was the prevailing idea that church and state should be united, and that re-ligion should be regulated by law. And the " lights " under which they were de-vised were the lights shining from the Dark Ages. It is a sad fact that so many to-day are turning once more to these same " lights," as is evidenced by the wide-spread demand for Sunday laws and Sunday enforcement. This is an evidence that the days of the blue-laws are returning. W. A. C. Have Individuals Any Rights ? IN the argument before the Sub-Ju-diciary Committee of Congress, on April 12, Rev. J. S. Martin, superintendent of the National Reform Association, made this peculiar declaration : Š The adoption of such an amendment [the proposed amendment to the national Constitution] recognizing God and Jesus Christ would be but an open declaration that the nation itself has rights which it is bound to maintain as against the so- called rights of any and all classes of its citizens. We are led to inquire: Are all the rights of the citizens of this republic merely " so-called " rights? We had be-lieved that citizens of this world had cer-tain " unalienable " rights, among which were " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Has the confederacy of po-litical religion set itself against that fun-damental feature of our national struc-ture also? We have been taught to believe that "to secure these rights, gov-ernments are instituted among men." The principle of the political religionist is that " government " is a certain intan-gible, inexpressible something that has a soul in it, a conscious entity, not insti-tuted to protect the rights of men, but to define and protect rights of its own at the expense of the rights of men. No more grotesque conception of the busi-ness of government was ever entertained than this outlined by the representative of the National Reform Association in the above declaration. It resembles Americanism no whit more than night resembles day. It is the medieval con-ception of the business of government, and is the antithesis of all that true Americanism stands for. This fact was demonstrated by an-other utterance of the same speaker on the same day. He declared it was their purpose to prevent a union of church and state in this country Š by having the state clearly and explicitly recognize, acknowledge, and practise for itself that religion which is confessedly essential to its welfare, yea, even its per-petuity, and not be in any sense de-pendent upon the church for it. Let the state for itself, and not through any church, acknowledge its divine ruler and the moral principles of his law. . . . This is its own religion. This is national Christianity. In such a regime there is every ele-ment of persecution, oppression of con-science, soul-thraldom that has existed 