LIBERTY ious reasons. In addition to all this fe-verish activity on the part of professed Protestants to secure the passage of measures which will bind the conscience, we may also note that the representatives of the Roman Catholic Church in Amer-ica are becoming more and more em-phatic in the profession of their purpose to make America a Catholic country ; but when America becomes a Catholic coun-try, there will be a union of church and state, and religious liberty will be at an end. Never since the birth of this nation has there been such a gigantic combination of forces seeking to compel the national government to reverse its record, to take sides in a religious controversy, and to establish a religious observance by law. It is astonishing that men who are fa-miliar with the history of those dark pe-riods when, under the union of religion and government, the consciences of men were made subject to the whims of the majority, and the bodies of men felt the lash of the whip and the sting of the flame because they were unwilling to worship God according to legislative en-actment, should remain passive while the first steps in the same path are being taken in this country. The time to sound an effective alarm is while the enemy is gathering his forces and arranging the plan of attack. It may be too late when the trumpet sounds for the charge. We urge all who believe in the Christian principle of religious liberty, and all who are in favor of maintaining in this coun-try that freedom of conscience which has thus far been enjoyed, to awake to a sense of the true situation, and to put forth earnest efforts to prevent the con-summation of those plans which now threaten to stifle soul-freedom in this boasted land of the free. The situation calls for a restatement of the original principles of religious liberty. Our Position Defined BECAUSE we are vigorously opposing any step toward a union of church and state, there are some who jump to the conclusion that we are the enemies of the church and the opponents of religion. Because we strongly oppose every ef-fort to secure the passage of a Sunday law, there are some who write us down as the enemies of the Sabbath. For the information of all concerned, we here state that we heartily favor the advancement of true religion, and greatly desire the prosperity of the church; but we are convinced that these results will be better attained by keeping the church and the state separate. We believe in Sabbath-keeping, and seek to inculcate it by both precept and example, but we are thoroughly satisfied that any attempt to enforce Sabbath ob-servance upon any one will be attended with results which are wholly evil. As Christians who recognize the obli-gation to worship and serve the one only and true God, and who yield obedience to his eternal and unchangeable law, we deny the right of civil government to interfere in matters between man and God, and concede the right of every man to believe or not to believe, to worship or not to worship, so long as, in the exercise of this choice, he does not inter-fere with the civil rights of others. For the choice which he makes, he is wholly responsible to God. We oppose the union of church and state, or what is the same thing, the union of religion and government, because we believe that both religion and government will suffer injury from any such union. We are opposed to anything like com-pulsory Sabbath observance, because Sabbath-keeping is a religious duty, and the performance of a religious duty under compulsion is an act of hypocrisy. 