LIBERTY 175 wrong, is hollow mockery. To attempt to compel men against their consciences to render such outward observance is to outrage the conscience. It is to rob men of their dearest right. There is no more reason nor justice in attempting to enforce Sunday or Sab-bath observance than in attempting to enforce any other religious dogma. The Sabbatic institution, like baptism, is purely religious. The only authority for either is the Word of God. The mo-ment it is conceded that it is the duty of the state to enforce the Sabbatic insti-tution, that moment it must be conceded that it is its duty to enforce the ordi-nance of baptism. Both institutions were established by Christ, both are enjoined in the Scripture, both are religious, and both are a matter of faith with men. Neither can be truly and acceptably ob-served without faith. Take the ordinance of baptism. Some believe in it; others reject it altogether. Those who believe in it differ as to what it is. Some hold that it is immersion ; others hold that sprinkling answers every purpose. Every one can see that it would be monstrous for the legislative branch of civil government to pass a law com-manding every' one of its citizens to be sprinkled. What a pitiful spectacle it would be to see the police dragging un-believers to the police courts to be pros-ecuted and fined for refusing to be sprinkled! What a travesty on religion! What an outrage on the conscience! But what is the difference in principle between Sabbath laws and baptismal laws? Both are purely religious, and there is the same difference of opinion among men respecting each. Civil gov-ernment by right has no more to do with one than the other. It is no more un-just to compel men to be sprinkled than to compel them to observe Sunday. The great object of civil government is to protect men in the enjoyment of their rights. Freedom of conscience is one of these rights, and it is one of the dearest of individual rights. .To enforce any feature of religion by civil law upon  the conscience, is not the protection but the invasion of rights. 4. Sunday legislation deprives men of their individual rights. We have already shown that it invades the conscience, and thus robs men of their most sacred right. But it goes farther, and interferes with other rights. For instance, the fourth commandment of the decalogue says Š " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work." Ex. 20 : 8-1o. There are those who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week ac-cording to the reading of this command. Having refrained from labor on the sev-enth day, they have the right, according to this divine law, to pursue their voca-tions on the other six days. This is a right given them by the Author of the Sabbatic institution. It is not the design of the Creator that men should spend their time in idleness ; hence he com-mands them to work six days. Now, when the state steps in and prohibits them from doing so, it takes away a right granted by the Lord of all. Nor is that all. It interferes with their liberty to obtain the necessaries of life. Six days of labor are necessary to most men in order properly to provide for those who are dependent upon them. God has recognized this, and granted men the right to work six days. But Sunday legislation ignores this right, and seeks to prevent a certain class from doing so. This is clearly unjust. 5. Sunday legislation leads to religious persecution. It is an expression by one class of citizens that another class should and must be religious, and that they must be religious according to the ideas of those who secure the legislation. Of the results of this theory, John Stuart Mills makes the following truthful remark : Š The notion that it is one man's duty that another should he religious was the founda-tion of all the religious persecutions ever per-petrated, and if admitted, would fully justify them.Š"Essay on Liberty." 