LIBERTY 23 hour and a quarter. The writer spoke for half an hour, and in his remarks showed that more people were opposed to the pas-sage of such a measure than were in favor of it; and, in proof, presented to the com-mittee nearly fifteen thousand signatures of actual voters to a petition against it. Mr. W. M. Healey followed, and in the half hour allotted him, presented some very clear-cut and convincing arguments against the measure. Every member of the com-mittee seemed deeply impressed. Mr. M. C. Wilcox occupied the remaining fifteen min-utes in a few well-chosen words, which were a fitting climax to the speeches al-ready presented against the bill. Fifteen minutes were then given to the advocates of the bill for the closing argu-ments. Bishop Moreland used about ten minutes of this time, but without scoring a single point. The' balance of the time was used by Lawyer Dunn, of Sacramento, in which his main effort seemed to be to belittle the arguments against the bill. As soon as the hearing was over, the committee having the bill in charge went into executive session. Not one of the committee was in favor of the bill. As a compromise, however, 'they introduced a substitute, providing that " No person shall be employed more than six consecutive days in one week." This being just what the advocates of the bill called for in the hear-ing, the committee felt justified in present-ing such a substitute. When the matter came' up in the House for final action on the twentieth of Feb-ruary, the substitute was voted down by an overwhelming majority. The substitute having been rejected. the original bill took its place again, and after some speeches on the floor both for and against, the vote was taken, which resulted in forty-six voting against the measure, and only twenty in favor of it. This was an overwhelming defeat, in view of the fact that fifty-four votes Š a two-thirds majority Š were nec-essary to carry the measure. This, we Presume, ends the matter for this session of the Legislature. Although the same bill was presented before the Sen-ate, it is not likely to be called up there after having met with such a defeat in the House. The animus of the advocates of this measure has been something almost beyond belief. When the bill came up for final  consideration, the man who introduced the bill made a rabid speech against the ob-servers of 'the seventh day, denouncing those who had opposed the measure, and accusing them of having " butted " in at the hearing. He declared that they had no right whatever to interfere with any legis-lation ; that they ought to have been turned out of the place ; and if they did not like the Sunday law, let them go elsewhere. From this we may understand a little of what may be expected from the advocates of Sunday legislation when they have the power of the state in their hands. A bill has been introduced in both Houses of the Legislature calling for a Constitu-tional convention immediately following the next general election, in which the consti-tution of California shall be generally re-vised and amended. Inasmuch as the Sun-day-law advocates have failed in their present effort to secure their desired amend-ment to the constitution, we may expect that they will be strongly represented in the proposed convention, and will do all in their power to see that provision is made for a Sunday law. Court Decision Embracing Princi, pies Involved in Sunday Laws SANFORD B. HORTON A NUMBER of barbers in New Orleans are again agitating the question of Sunday closing by compulsory legislation, and are appealing to the city council to pass the desired ordinance which will force all bar-ber shops to close on Sunday.. This kind of agitation has found place in other com-munities, and laws of the character here called for have come before Supreme Courts for decision as to their constitution-ality. We will refer to a decision, which, while not of recent date, contains prin-ciples of eternal truth in relation to " in-alienable rights." Spacg will not permit of quoting the decision in full. The case referred to was on a writ of habeas corpus petitioned for in California by Leo Jentzsch, to procure his discharge from custody to which he had been com- mitted for violating a statute prohibiting barbers from keeping their shops open dur-ing certain hours on Sunday. On discharg- ing the petitioner, the Supreme Court held that,Š 