Proposed Oregon Blue Law BY H. W. COTTRELL THE one-day-rest-in-seven bill which is to be submitted to the voters of the State of Oregon on initiative petition at the November election, is very clearly only the entering wedge for a religious Sunday rest forced upon all citizens of the State. Denied though it may be, the bill is entirely religious. Its chief pro-moters are representatives of the Na-tional Reform Association, a body of sectarian religionists. If this Sunday bill is passed, it will be as rigidly enforced on " grocers, butcher shops, workshops, mines, factories, log-ging and construction camps " as the ex-isting 1864 Sunday blue law, now upon the Oregon statutes, was undertaken to be enforced on independent grocers and confectioners in the city of Portland a few months ago, when some of these business men were placed under arrest and dragged into court as if they were criminals. The superintendent of the One-Day [Sunday]-Rest-in-Seven League, a sup-posed minister of the gospel of free choice, was present at the various hear-ings in these cases, and busied himself in prompting the prosecuting attorney " lest he forget." Were these men really criminals? One of them had sold some canned goods to one of the complainants. Reader, did you ever buy and eat such goods ? Were you a criminal for so doing? Is it a crime to sell salmon on Monday, Tues-day, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, or Saturday ? You say, " No ; " and Echo answers, " No." Then why a crime on Sunday? Such law enforcement savors not only of prosecution but of the spirit of per-secution as well. Sunday-enforcement  legislation is always religious legislation prompted by the spirit of the pharisaical religionists. How unlike the spirit man-ifested by our divine Lord! Said he, " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." Civil government was ordained of God to protect its citizens, or subjects, in the enjoyment of their inherent rights, not to invade those rights. It is the further duty of the state to punish every indi-vidual invader of the personal rights of another. Every man has the inherent right of personal choice to be religious, and to choose the form of his religion and the sect with which he will affiliate. He also has the equal right to choose not to wor-ship God, provided only that in the car-rying out of his choice he does not trench upon the equal rights of any other person. The state, therefore, is not divinely authorized to legislate on any religious question. When it does thus legislate, it steps outside the bounds of civil gov-ernment, trenches upon the God-given rights of its citizens, enters the domain of Deity, assumes divine authority, seats itself in the temple of God, and dares to do by civil legislation that which God declined to do through his gospel of love Š force obedience to religious institu-tions. To legislate on a religious question is directly to trespass on the right of choice of those who believe, and dare to assert that they believe, differently from the sect favoring such legislation. It is equally an invasion of the right of choice of every man who is not religious. Civil legislation that brings about the forced observance of a religious institu-tion, is also an invasion of the right of God grants liberty only to those who live it, and are always ready to guard and defend it.Š Daniel Webster. 142 