LIBERTY 175 " A gentleman was told by a promi-nent member of the committee that the paragraph declaring against the United States Treasury for sectarian purposes would be incorporated, and that the com-mittee had taken favorable action upon it. Later in the day he was surprised to learn from a member of the committee that this action had been reconsidered, and that there would be nothing in the platform in that regard. This change is now attributed to the telegram from the archbishop. The despatch was re-ferred by Chairman Carter [Roman Cath-olic] to Edward Lauterbach [Jew], of, New York, and he, with National Com-mitteeman R. C. Karens [Roman Cath-olic], of this city [ St. Louis], went be-fore the committee and succeeded in knocking out all reference to the church." It should be noted that not one mem-ber of the committee proposing the re-affirmation of the plank of 1876, nor a single man consulted in the matter, was a member of the American Protective Association, the archbishop's telegram to the contrary notwithstanding. A Catholic Priest Defeats Dr. Swallow's Plank Two speeches were made at the Pro-hibition convention in opposition to the " Church and State plank proposed by Dr. Swallow : the first by " Father " Geo. Zurcher, a Roman Catholic priest from East Aurora, N. Y. (and, it is said, editor of the only Roman Catholic Prohibition organ) ; the second by Mr. Matthew E. O'Brien, a delegate from Washington, D. C., national committeeman, member of the platform committee, and chairman of the Prohibition Congressional com-mittee. Dr. Swallow himself thus describes the nature of the arguments used by Rev. Mr. Zurcher and Mr. O'Brien in letters to the writer, and to the editor of the Free Methodist of Chicago : Š " Rev. Mr. Zurcher made a speech against it [the plank] emphasizing the idea that it would, if adopted, tend to ex-clude Catholics from our party and ren-der it unpleasant for Catholics now mem- bers of the party, because of the kicks they would get from fellow Catholics not members of the Prohibition party. " Mr. Matthew O'Brien, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, then got the floor, and made a speech against it on the ground that the same subject had been presented to the platform committee and rejected. He then took the unusual and unparlia-mentary course of moving to lay my resolution on the table, after two speeches against and none for it. This was de-cided by the chairman (pro tern) as not debatable, and was put to a count vote and decided by the chairman amid much confusion as ' laid on the table.' " Of course I was greatly surprised that there should be any voices or votes against a resolution embodying some of the fundamentals of our republican form of government. The next day, under a question of privilege, I presented the same resolution after eliminating the sectarian garb ' sentence. It was ruled by the chair, Rev. Dr. Charles H. Mead, of New York, out of order under a ques-tion of privilege, followed with the re-mark that it could be presented later. However, in the hurry incident to nomi-nating candidates, money raising, and the desire of the delegates to adjourn, it was not again presented. " I am very reluctant to believe that any church in the United States is in favor of uniting the church with the state, or in favor of looting moneys gath-ered by general taxation from all of the one hundred fifty denominations in the interests and for the support of any one of them, and yet the Rev. Mr. Zurcher's speech and Mr. O'Brien's motion would look that way. My greatest surprise was that any intelligent Prohibitionist should vote to table it. " That Mr. Zurcher and Mr. O'Brien should be able to get in two speeches against the proposition to perpetuate the separation of church and state and to appropriate all public moneys to the pur-poses to which they were ostensibly col-lected, and then one of them make and carry through a motion to lay on the table the proposition before any one of 