LIBERTY 137 This incident, as well as many others of a similar nature that are occurring from day to day, shows the absolute necessity of strict adherence to the fun- damental principles of religious liberty in order that the government may not fall into the hands of an intolerant ec-clesiastical monarchy. tv Compulsory Sunday Rest in Argentina, South America E. W. THOMANN ON Sunday, May 5, there was held in Buenos Aires, Argentina, a mass-meet-ing whose purpose was to urge the na-tional government to make " absolute Sunday rest " obligatory. The daily papers of the following day noted the fact that the leaders of the movement were determined not to cease their efforts until " absolute Sunday rest " is enforced by law. The leaders in this movement seem blind to the fact that they are really endeavoring to force a religious institution upon the people. Before the mass-meeting, in the place where they were gathering, several per-sons distributed among the people a little leaflet in which several reasons against compulsory Sunday rest were presented. [We give a translation of the leaflet following this article.Š ED.] But the spirit manifested toward them by leading persons of the compulsory Sun-day-rest movement, was an omen of what may be expected when Sunday-rest laws are enforced. They were menaced, and threatened with death, if they would not desist from distributing these leaflets. In one instance, a policeman who wit-nessed an attack against one of those who were distributing the leaflets, told the ones making the attack that, inas-much as they were left free to express their ideas and opinions about the mat-ter, they should also leave the dissenting ones at liberty to do so. This greatly disconcerted them. They seemed to have taken it for granted that nobody had any right to entertain or to give ex-pression to any dissenting opinion. It should be clear enough to any un-prejudiced person that everybody should  be left free to express his views on such matters, and to observe any day or no day at all, according to his convictions. That the day is fast coming when re-ligious persecution will result from com-pulsory Sunday-rest laws, is evident. And Argentina is not the only South American country where compulsory Sunday rest is becoming a live issue. Sunday laws are being enacted, or are enacted already, in several of them. In Uruguay the matter is being agitated considerably. And strange to say, pre-cisely the same persons who ask for Sunday laws (the enforcement of a re-ligious institution), are also advocating the idea of the separation of church and state, as if the enforcement of religious laws and the union of church and state did not amount to exactly the same thing. One can hardly blame them for their blindness in the matter, however, because even in the United States, where the light of liberty has shone brightest, and where the Constitution recognizes the inalienable rights of conscience, there are not a few persons, who, while pro-fessing to favor the separation of church and state, are trying by all possible means to unite religion and government through Sunday-rest laws. In South America, where intolerance has for centuries darkened the minds of the people, it is not strange that there should be very many who can not see that Sunday-rest enforcement and union of church and state are one and the selfsame thing. Every lover of liberty in the States, therefore, should protest loudly and emphatically against all union of religion and government or any ap- 