1.1.11.041/1-4MM.111.110¥11¥11.11.,MWO-01M¥1,11MP(1.11M.11.0=104.M.1.1.0.611.1.11.1.0.11,4MMI ..¥¥¥¥11.40.1MOD-0,=1¥.1,4=0.140 LIBERTY! "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25: 10. Vol,. IX  SECOND QUARTER, 1914  I\TO. 2 Daniel Webster's Oration on Religious Liberty WE have come to this rock to record here our homage for our Pilgrim Fa-thers; our sympathy in their sufferings; our gratitude for their labors ; our admi-ration of their virtues; our veneration for their piety; and our attachment to those principles of civil and religious liberty which they encountered the dan-gers of the ocean, the storms of heaven, the violence of savages, disease, exile, and famine, to enjoy and to establish. And we would leave here, also, for the generations which are rising up rapidly to fill our places, some proof that we have endeavored to transmit the great inheritance unimpaired ; that in our esti-mate of public principles, and private virtue; in our veneration of religion and piety; in our devotion to civil and reli-gious liberty; in our regard to whatever advances human knowledge, or improves human happiness, we are not altogether unworthy of our origin. Power of the Love of Religious Liberty The love of religious liberty is a stronger sentiment, when fully excited, than an attachment to civil or political freedom. That freedom which the con-science demands, and which men feel bound by their hopes of salvation to con-tend for, can hardly fail to be attained. Conscience in the cause of religion, and the worship of the Deity, prepares the mind to act, and to suffer beyond almost  all other causes. History instructs us that this love of religious liberty, a com-pound sentiment in the breast of man, made up of the clearest sense of right, and the highest conviction of duty, is able to look the sternest despotism in the face, and, with means apparently most inadequate, to shake principalities and powers. There is a boldness, a spirit of daring, in religious reformers, not to be meas-ured by the general rules which control men's purposes and actions. If the hand of power be laid upon it, this only seems to augment its force and its elasticity, and to cause its action to be more formi-dable and terrible. Human invention has devised nothing, human power has com-passed nothing, that can forcibly restrain it, when it breaks forth. Nothing can stop it, but to give way to it; nothing can check it, but indulgence. It loses its power only when it has gained its object. If it be allowed indulgence and expan-sion, like the elemental fires it only agi-tates and perhaps purifies the atmosphere, while its efforts to throw off restraint would burst the world asunder. Thanks be to God, that this spot was honored as the asylum of religious lib-erty. May its standard, reared here, re-main forever ! May it rise up high as heaven, till its banner shall fan the air of both continents, and wave as a glo- 53 