26 LIBERTY a Sunday-closing statute off its books, by popular vote. The whole State of California also defeated such a measure. The city of Los Angeles overwhelmingly rejected Sunday closing. This all leads one to believe that if it were left to the American people, Sunday enforcement would be rejected. The San Bernardino city council re-fused to enact a Sunday-closing law, even though urged to do so by some of the clergy of the city. It is refreshing to see a body of men whose vision is clear on the subject of religious legisla- tion. No man is deprived by law of his right to keep Sunday. Every one should be protected in his right to worship on Sunday or any other day which he may choose, but no one has a right to compel another to worship or rest on any day or at any time. One great fault with Sunday laws (not the only one) is that they cause honest, industrious citizens to be punished for doing honest labor. The city of St. Louis, through its al- dermen, passed a Sunday-closing ordi-nance. The court of criminal correction has held this law to be constitutional. Delicatessen shops may keep open and sell foods between the hours of three and six o'clock in the afternoon on Sundays. This shows that there is no principle of right and wrong involved, but it is what has become known as sumptuary legis- lation. From. one viewpoint, the ordi-nance creates a monopoly, and from an- other, it involves religious persecution. This law makes no provision for one who observes another day of the week. The many Jewish merchants of St. Louis will be made to suffer as a result of this law. It is interesting in the light of this situation to note what was once said by Judge Cooley, one of America's greatest jurists : " It is no hardship to any one to compel any one to abstain from public blasphemy or other profanity, and none can complain that his rights of conscience are invaded by this forced respect to a prevailing religious senti-ment. But the Jew who is forced to respect the first day of the week when his conscience requires of him the observance of the seventh also, may plausibly urge that the law diserim- inates against his religion, and by forcing him to keep a second Sabbath in each week, un-justly, though by indirection, punishes him for his belief."ŠCooley, in " Constitutional Limi-tations," p. 589 (5th ed.). How much better it would be if these questions of faith were left to the indi-vidual conscience. Just laws, laid in equity and right, should be enforced. Such laws can harm no one. No un- just law should be enacted, and if in an unguarded moment such a measure is passed, as soon as its nature is apparent, it should at once be repealed. is is sv Persecuted for Driving a Wagon on Sunday MRS. DELLA POST, a faithful Christian who has kept the seventh day (Satur-day) as the Sabbath for the past thir-teen years, was arrested several months ago for attempting to drive a wagon from Fannin County, Georgia, to Isa-bella, Tennessee, over a two-and-a-half-mile stretch in North Carolina in a mountainous part of the State on the public highway. A deputy sheriff was watching for her to drive by, and ar-rested her, while the mountaineers, who are constantly moving on Sunday from their homes to the mines, driving over the same road, were not molested. The miners do not keep the Sabbath, Mrs. Della Post does, which seems to make a difference. This was done in a State where the Sunday law is univer-sally violated by steam cars, automobiles, and all sorts of vehicles, making noise and driving over the broadways in eon-gested centers where there are many churches and more churchgoers who seem to pay no attention to the general disregard of the Sunday law. As the officer stepped from his wait-ing place, he placed the woman, the wagon, and the mule under arrest. He then had the wagon driven about three quarters of a mile toward the nearest justice of the peace, when the road got too rough and he hitched the mule to a fence and ordered the woman to walk with him over the mountain, a distance 