American Republic I3eing Retrayed by Its Friend BY WILLIAM MAYHEW HEALEY IF the great republic of the United States, which for nearly a century and a half has been the gallant and powerful defender of the principles of religious liberty, ever falls, it will be because the professed Christian people, those who should be its stanchest friends, shall be-tray it into the hands of its worst ene-mies by injecting religion and religious observances into its fundamental law, the Constitution. The Constitution of the United States, the like or equal of which has never been seen in all the history of human govern-ment, which was but the complement of the Declaration of Independence, was the product of the noblest ambition in the hearts of a people who had long been made to feel the iron heel of civil and religious oppression, and who had deter-mined to be free; free to rule themselves and free to worship God as their con-sciences prompted ; free to worship any God or no god. The guiding hand of Christ was upon the men who made the Constitution, so that it was afterward said, " They builded better than they knew." A clear knowledge of these primitive American truths is fast becom-ing obsolete in these days. The prin-ciples which were enshrined in the hearts of Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Otis, and others, should be just as highly es-teemed by the men of this generation. Religious Liberty Guaranteed When the body of the Constitution was first viewed, and it was seen that the most essential safeguard, the safe-guard of religious liberty, had been omitted, prompt action by Madison and Washington led to the adding of the First Amendment, which provided that " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." The names of Christ and God and the recog-nition of the Christian religion were de- signedly omitted from that instrument, on the same basis that the name of Mo-hammed or Buddha or any other god or religion was omitted. Religion was not mentioned in the Constitution, except to provide for its free exercise under the protection of the supreme law. The Christian, the Jew, the pagan, the infidel, was each accorded freedom to worship as he pleased, or not to worship at all, if such were his choice. All that was required, so far as the government was concerned, was that each person conduct himself in civil and religious matters in such a way as not to interfere with the civil or religious rights of his neighbor. James Madison wisely observed at that time : " The freemen of America did not wait till usurped power had strengthened itself by exercise, and entangled the question in precedents. They saw all the consequences in the principle, and they avoided the consequences by denying the principle."Š Memorial and Remon-strance; Virginia General Assembly, 1784. That is, they saw the evil con-sequences that would surely follow the establishment of religion in governmental law. The memory of the Dark Ages was still vividly before them. The Un-American Policy But the guaranty of religious liberty was not secured without stern and stub-born resistance from misguided men in whose hearts still burned the flame of the spirit of despotism and tyranny. From that beginning up to the present time there have been and are prominent men whose hostility toward the Constitution in its present form is open and deter-mined. The desire is openly expressed to have the Constitution labeled " Chris-tian," and thus make this a " Christian nation." It is not the label that makes the con-tents of the can " honey " or " potash," it is the material inside which determines 151 