VOL. LIBERTY Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the   inhabitants thereof. Lev. 25 : Io. APRIL, 1906  No. Editorial Liberty IN the contest that is being waged in this country for the preservation of the rights of conscience, the point has been reached where a special organ is again felt to be a necessity in the educational work which aims to bring the people to a right decision upon this question. As such an organ, LIBERTY now makes its appearance. In former years, when the movement to compel the conscience through religious legislation attained threatening headway in many places, good service was rendered by the American Sentinel, afterward the Sen-tinel of Christian Liberty, which was pub-lished as the special organ of those who stood for the separation of church and state and the maintenance of Protestant and re-publican principles of government. A great work was accomplished by the Sen-tinel in the cause of religious freedom at that time. Now, after some years of ap-parent lull in the conflict, there is a great renewal of activity behind the church-and-state movement, and another crisis is at hand, which will call for active, earnest work with the most effective agencies that can be found. Such an agency LIBERTY will be, if the purpose of its publication is realized. This journal will be a true exponent and advo-cate of liberty,Ñ not that liberty which means license, which degrades and enslaves body and mind, not the liberty which means class privilege, or which disregards the rights of the weak and defenseless,Ñ but  the liberty which is God-given, which is the right of all persons by creation,Ñ the lib-erty for which the martyrs suffered, and by their suffering bequeathed to us,Ñ the liberty which is in harmony with the laws of God and with all just statutes of men. It will be the mission of this journal to proclaim such liberty throughout the land.  No power but that of love can rightfully compel the conscience. WHEN religion becomes an affair of law, it ceases to be a matter of love. No one has a right to bind his theology upon any one's back but his own. THE early church derived her marvelous power, not from politics, but from Pentecost. MEN are never so likely to settle a ques-tion rightly as when they discuss it freely. A government can interfere in discussion only by making it less free than it would otherwise be.ÑMacaulay. Jr all mankind, minus one, were of one opinion, mankind would be no more jus-tified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing the world.Ñ John Stuart Mill. To the question, " Where have you seen the best Sabbath observance?" a San Fran-cisco pastor answers, " Among the Chris-tian people of California." (Mr. Crafts' " Sabbath for Man," p. 95.) But California has no Sunday law. Therefore Sunday law! are not essential to good Sunday obsery ante. 