110 LIBERTY Church Gambling THE Kansas City Star recently pub-lished the following item : " Warrants charging gambling will be asked by the police today against eight men, among them business men and church workers. The men were arrested in a raid on a church fair at a Catholic church late last night [Sunday]. The police say the operation of a ' cluck-a-luck ' wheel, on which the minimum wager was ten cents, and the limit the sky,' was in violation of the newest gambling orders." If the Siegel press bill, which aims to suppress all publications that cast reflection upon any religion, is enacted into law by Con-gress, the Kansas City Star and all other publications could be barred from the mails for publishing such accounts, as being designed to heap ridicule upon a church. This simply serves as an ex-ample. A Hint to the Religious Preju-dice Commission THERE is a $5o,000 Religious Preju-dice Committee seeking to find out who started all this agitation they say is be-ing " directed against Catholics as loyal citizens of the United States." We should like to give this committee a hint. Let them read the papal encyclical, sent several years ago to American Catholics, reiterating the preposterous claims of that church that all America belongs to her because it was discovered by " the Cath-olic Christopher Columbus," who was al-leged to have taken possession of it in the name of the Roman Church. This en-cyclical censured non-Catholics in the United States for establishing a govern-ment not agreeable to Rome. Until the Pope rescinds some of these " infallible " encyclicals which are hostile to a repub-lican form of government, renounces his claims to political domination, and aban-dons his hostility toward non-Catholics, that church must expect public suspicion and adverse criticism. Only a Fetish BOTH sides are getting ready for ac-tion, and a pretty battle of letters is an ticipated. On the side of those favoring the passage of the bill, the American Federation of Catholic Societies will probably be in the forefront. . . . Both Catholics and non-Catholics are expected to interest themselves in the fight. . . The freedom of press is the fetish set up this time. . . . The opposition to his bill. Congressman Fitzgerald says, is based. as every one knows, on a spirit of igno-rant intolerance and blind bigotry against the Catholic Church. Aside from the clumsy pamphlets, etc., which depend for their revenue on the gullibility of weak-minded youths and their degenerate eld-ers, the only publications in this country which would come within the pale de-fined by Congressman Fitzgerald's bill are those which are attacking the Cath-olic Church.Š February number of Truth (Roman Catholic), monthly organ of the- International Catholic Truth Society.  A Sunday Law in Operation THE Associated Press recently sent OUT the following news item, which was " printed in many newspapers: " More than fifty residents of Linden, N. J., at tended court proceedings to protest against the fining of Mrs. Dusana Hudak who is past sixty years old, for taking seven apples from under the trees in a neighbor's orchard on Sunday. Al-though Mrs. John Deventeer, owner of the orchard, told the court she had given Mrs. Hudak permission to take as much of the fruit as she wanted, Recorder Peter Bundy fined the defendant five dollars and costs. The case against Mrs Hudak rested on the testimony of Mar shal Petrus, who saw her coming out of the Deventeer orchard Sunday morn ing with the apples in her apron. ` Even if she did not steal the apples,' said Re-corder Bundy, she ought not to have been carrying them on Sunday,' and he promptly imposed the fine and costs. A 