IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT, VIENNA, AUSTRIA LIBERTY 19 The members of the National Reform Association, and the other organizations committed to the same idea, expect, through legislation, to establish the king-dom of God here, and then " march up to the polls to worship God," by casting their ballots. The above scripture pre-sents a very different idea and a very dif-ferent scene. There is no thought of wire-pulling, political schemes, candi-dates, votes, or fat offices. The day of the establishment of God's kingdom in this world will be the most serious day this world has ever seen or will ever see. Con-cerning that time, in-spiration, through the apostle Peter, says :Š " The heavens that now are, and the earth, by the same word have been stored up for fire, being reserved against the day of judgment and destruction of ungodly men. . .. The day of the Lord will come as a thief ; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall be dissolved with fervent heat, and the earth and the works that are therein shall be burned up. Seeing that these things are thus all to be dissolved, what manner of per-sons ought ye to be in all holy living and godliness, looking for and earnestly de-siring the coming of the day of God, by reason of which the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat? But, ac-cording to his promise, we look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwell-eth righteousness." 2 Peter 3 : 7-13. Those are some of the events which will transpire in connection with the setting up of the eternal kingdom of righteousness over the realm and the people purchased back, by the shed blood of Jesus Christ, from the usurped dom- inance of the adversary. It leaves no Ł part or place for political activities; no opportunity to " march up to the polls to worship God ; " no ushering in of the kingdom of Christ " through the gateway of politics." It leaves no place Š abso-lutely no place Š for the fulfilment of that fanciful dream which one influ-ential organization expressed thus: Š Christ shall be this world's king Šyea, verily, this world's king in its realm of cause and effect,Š king of its camps, its courts, its commerce,Š king of its colleges and cloisters,Š king of its cus- toms and its constitutions. . . . The kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics. . . . We pray heaven to give them [the old parties] no rest . . . until they shall . . . swear an oath of allegiance to Christ in politics, and march in one great army up to the polls to worship God.ŠAnnual Address of the President of the W. C. T. U., at Nashville, Tenn., 1887. As the Scriptures can not be broken, that thing can never be ; and yet that is what is held before us to-day by such organizations as the National Reform Association, the W. C. T. U., the va-rious organizations agitating for " sab-bath laws," and the great federation of churches in America. Said Bishop John H. Vincent, at the Inter-Church Confer-ence on Federation at New York, in 1905:Š Thus will the torch of our Federation 