LIBERTY A Proposed Religious Amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States W. A. COLCORD ON February 4, Senator Richardson, of Delaware, introduced in the Senate of the United States, by request, the fol-lowing joint resolution proposing a re-ligious amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which was twice read and referred to the Committee on Judiciary Ñ " JOINT RESOLUTION " Proposing an amendment to the Constitution acknowledging the Deity in this foundation document of the govern-ment. " Whereas, Said acknowledging of the Deity is reasonably desired by many cit-izens of this country, and is in the inter-ests of the highest vital truth, morality, and fitness; therefore be it,Ñ " Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United S'ates of America in Congress assembled (two thirds of each House concurring there-in), That the following prefix be pro-posed to the legislatures of the several States as an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States, as part of the Constitution ; namely,Ñ " The preamble to the Constitution shall begin with the words and sen-tence: Ñ " In the name of God.'" The proposed amendment consists simply of the last five words, " In the name of God." And although appar-ently so trifling and insignificant, and though put in a phrase so familiar and friendly to the ear, in this proposed amendment contained in these five short, monosyllabic words, is couched all the evils of National Reformism,Ñthe prin-ciple of uniting church and state in the United States, the enforcement of religious observances here by law, and the oppression and persecution of all who refuse to conform to the religion and the religious observances here es-tablished by law. Add these words to  the Constitution, and the whole docu-ment will be leavened with National Re-formism. From the first, the National Reform Association has sought to secure a relig-ious amendment to the Constitution of the United States. In the convention assembled, at Xenia, Ohio, Feb. 3, 4, 1863, where this association had its ori-gin, such an amendment was proposed. The convention, with its representatives from eleven Protestant denominations, was agreed in the proposition to make an effort " to secure an amendment which should suitably express the relig-ious sentiment of the nation." Later conventions were called " to se-cure the religious amendment of the Constitution of the United States." The convention held the next year at Alle-gheny, Pa., Jan. 27, 1864, passed a reso-lution to send a memorial and petition to Congress, asking that measures be adopted for amending the Constitution so as to read, in substance, as follows : Ñ " We the people of the United States [humbly acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all authority and power in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler among the nations, his revealed will as the supreme law of the land, in order to constitute a Chris-tian government, and] in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity," etc. For years the association was called " The National Association for the Amendment of the Constitution." For years it has circulated petitions call-ing for this amendment. Article II of its constitution reads : Ñ " The object of this society shall be to maintain existing Christian features in the American government; to promote needed reforms in the action of the gov-ernment touching the sabbath, the insti-tution of the family, the religious ele-ment in education, the oath, and public morality as affected by the liquor traffic and other kindred evils; and to secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the 