mimmutinsimiunimminimmummusilinnimmimuminnumminnimmummilinuffisliinummimilmilimitimiumminniiniiitimitimmimmilimititinnum_M.,3 i Christian Reasons Against Sunday Laws -2 By the Associate Editor F.. Ei .E.: k_.,.itmlinillitiniiimmullimitilittiminunitiffitiminimmituniumnitmitilistimmilimutiiiiiimitimitintium llinnimmummitmili ttimilimmumulminnittinitintinninitutimmi+a esi unimilismimitimittnismitimmimittlimummumitemitimmummmintimmimiumiumnitimmiummuntiummmmuniummmitimlinini mumiumimmitim IAM a Christian, and believe not only in Christian morals, but in active, aggressive Christianity. I do not believe, however, in enforcing Christianity by civil law. The institutions of Christianity are for Christians only, and those who of their own free choice. desire to be-come Christians. Christian bap - tism, Christian communion, Christian belief, and the weekly Christian r est are all good and helpful, but they are not to be forced upon either Chris- tians or non- [ Christian s. What value !N=0 could there pos- _2" FIR sibly be in en-forced baptism I or in a celebra-tion of the Lord's Supper, enforced by state laws None whatever. Nor is any benefit to be de-rived from a state-imposed, statute-enforced weekly rest day. Nowhere in the Bible is there any divine command for the sacred observance of Sunday, the first day of the week. The fourth com-mandment of the decalogue, as recorded in Exodus 20, enjoins the observance of the sev-enth day of the week, or Saturday. That com-mandment reads: " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the sev-enth day : wherefore t h e Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hal-lowed it." Any law reg-ulating the ob-servance of Sunday is purely of hu-man origin. In effect it changes this portion of the divine law. Substitutes for a divine institu-tion are always dangerous; they lower men's ideals. But a law compelling people to observe even the true seventh-day Sabbath would be wrong; for God has not commissioned man to compel his fellow men to obey even a divine precept. To attempt this is to insinuate that God is not able to enforce his own laws, that in fact the Creator of the universe and the Giver of the great moral code is a helpless, dependent being. Ł THERE are religious denominations in the United States which do not agree upon the question as to when the Sabbath day should be observed, whether on the seventh or the first day of the week. For the civil govern-ment to attempt to decide this question is for it to assume the right to settle a religious con-troversy. When a State does this, it establishes a state religion, and persecution of dissenters must inevitably follow. THIS world will never have peace until it is ushered in by the Prince of Peace. Eternal peace does not come through the gateway of politics nor through civic reformation. It comes only in God's appointed way through Jesus, who is our Peace. Both man and the world will have to undergo the divine process of a new creation before permanent and lasting peace can be established among men on earth. L. 95 