St. John's Church, Richmond, Va., where Patrick Henry made his famous speech in defense of religious liberty LIBERTY 55 involved in this exemption, and the police power ought to prohibit it by the exercise of its au-thority. The offenders should be punished for disturbing the public peace of mind." Mr. Wise endeavored to weaken the force of the term " conscientious " as it appears in the exemption. He argued thus: " Are we going to permit our laws to be dis-regarded by these people on the plea that the individual is ' conscientious ' in what he be-lieves? You might as well put up the plea in the face of our prohibition laws, that certain individuals are conscientious in selling liquor; but that will not stand." Mr. Wise failed to recognize the fact in law that express provision is made in the Vir-ginia statutes, exempting those who observe another day than Sunday, granting them the right to pursue their usual avocations on Sun-day, whereas no such exemption is made in the prohibition statutes. Likewise he failed to recognize that one is a reli-gi ous question and the other a purely civil is-sue. Attorney Wise continued: " We cannot have our train of thoughts dis-turbed on Sun-days but what this exception is forfeited by those who thus disturb our thoughts. 0 n e tenth of one per cent cannot be allowed to disturb the rest of us who ob-serve Sunday. They must con-form to the uniform practices of the great ma-jority on this question. The legislature has decided by law that to do business on Sunday is a criminal offense, and the court cannot grant a license to these people to commit crime on Sunday. We must compel the observance of one day, and that day must be Sunday." Three attorneys appeared in behalf of the defendants. Attorney Nelson made a splendid plea in behalf of the religious and civil rights of the defendants under the statutory exemp-tion enacted in their behalf. He accused Attor-ney Wise of attempting to nullify the will of the legislature by putting an extreme and fal-lacious interpretation upon the law. He very pertinently remarked: " If the Sunday observer is disturbed while he goes to church on Sunday by seeing other people working, then on his account we are obliged to stop the operation of all railroads and street ears. Likewise people ought to be prevented from wearing high hats and nar- row skirts, because some people are mentally disturbed by these things. There are a thou-sand and one things that disturb some minds. If we are going to legislate upon mental dis-turbances, where are we going to stopf" We read in history of the inquisitional courts of the days of medievalism, of a certain class of religious people who were very easily dis-turbed in their minds. Some believed that there ought to be but one religion, and that religion their religion. Whenever they heard of any one who professed another belief than their own, their peace of mind was destroyed, and they could not rest until the disturber was brought before the inquisitional court and forced to recant, or burned at the stake. Hu-man nature is the same today as it was in the days of the Inquisition. When men allow their religious prejudices to control them today, they will be driven to the same extremes as in former days. The spirit of religious intolerance knows no Amercy and no  liberty be-yond the limits of its own con-fines of per-sonal desires. No State did more than Vir-ginia for reli-gious liberty in t h e formative period of our history, and to-day few if any have more lib-eral laws than the Old Domin-ion. Aside from the blot of hu-man slavery, no State has a prouder record than has the Mother of Presidents. Indeed, it was her love of liberty that betrayed her into secession fifty-eight years ago, and her sons died then, even as they did in the Revolutionary War, for what they believed to be their rights. The history of Virginia since the war between the States has been one of liberality and of progress. It is unthinkable that the State will now turn back toward the bigotry and-intoler-ance from which she freed herself even before the adoption of the national Constitution, in the framing of which she bor,e so proud a part in the person of one of her sons, James Madison, " Father of the Constitution " and twice Presi-dent of the United States. We shall watch with great interest the de-cision of the circuit court of appeals in these cases. If the decision is adverse to' the defend-ants, which seems scarcely possible,. they will carry their cases up to the supreme court of the State of Virginia. 