8 LIBERTY ernment which is based on equality, we must have equal rights. No men, however sincere, are to wield forceful authority over others who dissent from them, in regard to faith and observance. The case is so plain that it does not need an argu-ment; and I am confident that, in the course of a few years, there will not be a Sabbatical enactment left unrepealed in the United States, if in any part of Christen-dom. It belongs to the tyrannical legisla-tion which formerly sent men to the stake, in the name of God and for his glory, be-cause they did not agree in the theological views of those who burned them. In this country one pharisaical restric-tion after another, imposed by legislation, has been erased from the statute-book, in the progress of religious freedom. We now come to this Sabbatical observance as the last, perhaps,Š a powerful one at any rate. If the Sabbath day be of God, it does not need legislation to uphold it. There is no power which can prevail against it. . . . Why should we attempt to legislate upon a question of this kind? Observe how many differences of opinion prevail, honestly and sincerely, in the world, respecting it. Does any one doubt that the Seventh-day Baptists are sincere? Are they not honest, coura-geous, self-sacrificing men, those who stand out against law and public sentiment, for conscience' sake? The men, even though they err, who are true to their consciences, cost what it may, are, after all, those who are ever nearest to the kingdom of God. They desire only to know what is right, and they have the spirit in them to do what is right. The great mass of the first-day Sab-batarians Š do they not claim to be consci-entious and sincere? And the Quakers, who regard no day as in itself, or by divine appointment, more holy than another,Š who will question their honesty or sincerity in this matter? Here, then, are widely conflicting senti-ments ; but which of these parties shall re-sort to the arm of violence to enforce uni-formity of opinion? The case is easily settled by making it our own, my friends. It is, as truly stated in the call [for the convention], based upon the declaration of Jesus, " Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." Now there is no Seventh-day Baptist who would wish to be proscribed for his views. of course. There is no first-day Sabbata-rian who wishes a majority to get into the legislature to pass laws against the observ-ance of the first day of the week as the Sabbath, or who would not vehemently pro-test against it. " Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to  them," and the religionist who is not pre-pared for this, is to be associated with the scribes and Pharisees of a persecuting age. He is one who joins in the crucifixion of Jesus as a blasphemer.. . . We tolerate everything, except the opin-ions of men with regard to the first day of the week ! Having very successfully gone thus far, I think we may take the next step, and finish the whole category of re-ligious edicts enforced by penal law. Some of you doubtless remember what a hue and cry was raised by the religious press and the clergy, at the proposition to amend that portion of the constitution of Massachusetts, which required persons to be taxed for the support of public worship somewhere. But the spirit of religious liberty came up, and said, " That is tyranny, and the law ought to be,Š ay, must be Š repealed." What was the response of the evangelical press? Š" This is an infidel movement ! This is an attempt to overthrow Christianity ! " And it prophesied that just as surely as the proposed amendment should be adopted, public worship would be sadly neglected. Well, the constitution was altered, in this respect, notwithstanding this selfish outcry. Is there less of public worship than for-merly? The clergy have never been so well sustained as they now are, and no one laments the change. Now, the outcry raised against the repeal of all Sabbatical laws, as an infidel move-ment, is as absurd, as preposterous, as libel-ous, as the other, and will be found so when those laws cease to be in force. . . . What a tremendous outcry was raised in England when Daniel O'Connell, in behalf of Ireland, demanded the passage of the Catholic Emancipation act by the British Parliament ! The Protestant clergy and the Protestant press cried out against it. It will never do, they said ; the cause of religion will suffer. Where now is the Catholic test? Š Gone; its ashes are not to be found; but has any injury followed from its repeal? So with regard to the unrighteous restrictions imposed upon the Jews; they were justified on the ground of Christian vigilance and security. But, dur-ing the present Parliament, the Jew in Eng-land can now take his position anywhere in the government, as well as the Christian. Does any one suppose Christianity will suf-fer by this? Christianity, as taught by its Founder, does not need any governmental safeguards; its reliance for safety and prosperity is not on the rack or the stake, the dungeon or the gibbet, unjust proscription or brutal supremacy. No Š it is the only thing under heaven that is not afraid; it is the only 