LIBERTY 9 who are seeking so energetically the union of religion and the state. The same prin-ciples are involved, and the same results will be achieved. Sunday Closing of Saloons THE publishers of LIBERTY believe in temperance. We not only believe in tem-perance, but we practise it, not simply by discarding all malt and spirituous liquors, but in a much broader sense, which in-cludes abstinence from tobacco and other narcotics and stimulating articles of food or drink. By means of our institutions, and through our literature, we are advocating in all parts of the world total Abstinence from all intoxicating drinks. With every true effort in the interest of temperance we are in the fullest accord, and we most gladly lend our co-operation. With the whisky traffic we are at war. We deplore the fact that so many other-wise excellent people are in one way and another accessory to this disreputable busi-ness. Intemperance inflames the passions. and depraves and blights every noble aspi-ration of the soul. It fills our jails, peni-tentiaries, and almshouses with wrecks of once noble manhood, and leaves widows, orphans, poverty, sorrow, and broken hearts in its train. In the interests of all men, many of whom are victims of ungov-ernable appetites, the terrible rum traffic should be suppressed. With such pronounced views upon the temperance question, and much aggressive work in its behalf, it may seem strange to some that we are not friendly to the secur-ing of laws closing saloons on Sunday. It is true that we are not, for the reason that laws closing the saloons on Sunday are not asked for, or made, primarily in the interest of temperance, but in the interest of Sunday. Sunday is a religious institu-tion. It was correctly denominated in the North British Review, the " wild solar holiday of all pagan times." The purpose of Sunday-closing laws is to exalt the day, not to stop the sale of intoxicating drinks. Why close the saloon on Sunday, rather  than on Monday or Tuesday? Who ever heard of a Monday closing of saloons? But why not, if temperance is the issue? In-temperance is just as wicked on Monday as on Sunday. It is just as wrong for a man to get drunk and beat his wife on Monday as on Sunday. A law closing the saloons but one day in the week, tacitly legalizes the business the remaining six days. We can not, therefore, favor any such legislation; for the real object of the law is to close the saloons because of the supposedly religious character of the day, and not because the sale of intoxicating drinks is wrong. The wolf of religious legislation is there, though hidden under the lambskin of temperance. We believe that saloons are a great evil and ought to be closed every day in the week. We teach this everywhere. But at the same time we are opposed to all legisla-tion upon religious matters, and shall lift our voice against every attempt of this kind, well knowing that it tends toward a union of the church and the state. Sun-day laws are a step in this direction, and we shall continue to oppose their enactment. even when they are brought forward dis-guised as temperance measures. A Striking Likeness THE work going on in this country at the present time, designed to enforce a religious practise by law, partakes of the same nature as the inquisitorial work of the Dark Ages, and possesses the same characteristics. In an article in the North-western Christian Advocate, of Dec. 1907, Dr. W. F. Crafts, in speaking of the new Idaho Sunday law, says: Š The Pacific Coast secretary of the Inter-national Reform Bureau combined in this bill the best elements of forty other State Sunday laws. It is especially a model to be studied and copied in that it provides that any executive officer found guilty of neglecting to enforce it is ineligible for any public office for two years. Every politi-cian will see genius in that penalty, and will not be surprised to hear the law is well enforced. Note the striking likeness between the penalty laid upon civil officers for failing 