LIBERTY 7 direction, inasmuch as the post-offices are under the supervision of the national government. Even if the closing of the post-offices were a proper question to legislate upon, it has been demonstrated that it is un-necessary ; for public sentiment has al-ready succeeded in closing many of the post-offices throughout the United States without the aid of such legislation. And it should also be remembered that it is within the province of the Post-Office Department to make such rulings concerning the work of the department as it deems necessary and proper without any special act of Congress. Therefore, again this bill is unnecessary. It is well to observe that clergymen throughout the country are among the chief promoters of this Sunday-closing movement. There is no question but they are more interested in the exaltation of the day than in the matter of securing rest for the overworked employees of the Post-Office Department. The question involving the right of Congress to prohibit the transportation of mails on Sunday was thoroughly con-sidered by both Houses of Congress over eighty years ago, and it was decided that such an interference was not within the province of Congress. This decision by Congress is contained in the famous Sun-day Mail Reports which were adopted, first by the Senate in 1829, and second by the House of Representatives in 183o. The reports were prepared by Richard M. Johnson. The following extracts from these reports are very pertinent just now:Š "The transportation of the mail on the first day of the week, it is believed, does not interfere with the rights of con-science. The petitioners for its discon-tinuance appear to be actuated by a relig-ious zeal, which may be commendable if confined to its proper sphere; but they assume a position better suited to an ec- clesiastical than to a civil institution. . . . " The committee can discover no prin-ciple on which the claims of one [the conscientious observer of the first day] should be more respected than those of the other [the Jew and the Sabbatarian] ; unless it be admitted that the consciences of the minority are less sacred than those of the majority. " It is the opinion of the committee that the subject should be regarded sim-ply as a question of expediency, irre-spective of its religious bearing. Con-gress has never legislated upon the sub-ject. It rests, as it ever has done, in the legal discretion of the Postmaster-Gen-eral, under the repeated refusals of Con-gress to discontinue the Sabbath mails. His knowledge and judgment in all the concerns of that department will not be questioned." " If the Almighty has set apart the first day of the week as a time which man is bound to keep holy, and devote exclusively to his worship, would it not be more congenial to the precepts of Christians to appeal exclusively to the great Lawgiver of the universe to aid them in making men better Š in correct-ing their practises, by purifying their hearts ? Government will protect them in their efforts. When they shall have so instructed the public mind and awakened the consciences of individuals as to make them believe that it is a violation of God's law to carry the mail, open post-offices, or receive letters on Sunday, the evil of which they complain will cease of itself, without any exertion of the strong arm of civil power." The foregoing quotations from these reports need no comment; for they are too clear to be misunderstood. In con-clusion, we would add that there is no disposition on the part of the writer to overlook the right of every employee in the Post-Office Department to a weekly day of rest, but we believe that this ob- 