IBER7 Y 37 only require the cessation of all labor and business, except works of necessity and charity, on both these days, as a divine requirement in one case and an ecclesiastical in the other, it follows that Congress is prohibited under the Consti-tution from legislating upbn the legal es-tablishment of either of these religious institutions. If Congress can compel a man to rest on Sunday, it likewise can compel him to go to church on Sunday. If it can prescribe one religious obligation, it can regulate all of them. In fact, if Con-gress is going to compel all citizens to be perfectly idle on Sunday, then it ought to compel all to go to church for the sake of their physical and spiritual welfare. For it is very evident that it would be far better for an evil-minded nonreligious person to be in church on Sunday than to be idle at home and as-sociate with other idle, evil companions. Our police courts show by their Monday morning records that five times more crime is committed on Sundays in the cities where all people are forced into idleness by drastic Sunday laws, than on any of the other days of the week. The records also show that as a general rule the man idle on Sunday who has no dis-position for good but for lustful things, has a far lower physical vitality on Mon-day morning than on any other day, hence the saying so prevalent among em-ployees of this type, " He has a blue Monday." It is perfectly ridicutous to argue that Congress ought to compel the non-religious man to rest on Sunday because of his physical welfare. If we are going to compel people to rest for their health and physical welfare, then let us begin at the proper place. God made the night for man's physical rest, to recuperate his weakened vitality expended during the day's service. God made the night long enough so that man's physical en-ergies might be fully restored and re-plenished for all the physical losses by work during each day, provided he worked as men ought to work and rested  all night as men ought to rest. If we are going to regulate a man's physical habits concerning his physical and bod-ily needs, then let us determine when a man ought to go to bed at night and when he ought to rise in the morning. God made the night for man's bodily needs and the Sabbath for man's spir-itual needs. The Pastors' Federation and the Lord's Day Alliance have got these two rests mixed up, and have begun at the wrong end. They have overlooked the seven nights of each week that are set apart expressly for man's physical body, and are trying to get Congress to enforce the spiritual rest provided for the welfare of the soul. If these ministers of the gospel are really sincere in their profession that they are working for the physical welfare of man and not for the spiritual, then let them petition Congress to compel all people to rest a certain number of hours each night. The very fact that they do not concern themselves about the question whether or not the people take a sufficient amount' of physical rest each night to recuperate the body, but single out an ecclesiastical day peculiar to their own belief and creed, is positive evidence that they are seeking national legislation to protect and exalt a day, and not the physical welfare of man.. This measure states expressly tnat it is " a bill to protect the Lord's day." It is not to protect man, but the " Lord's day." This shows that it is religious and not civil. The way they are going " to protect the Lord's day " is to make the " observance " of the day compulsory under penalty. According to this logic, the way to protect the Lord's Supper is to command all people to observe it. The way to protect religion is to compel all people to conform to religious obliga-tions. This is faulty reasoning. If the Sunday bill is to become " a model Sunday law for the whole nation," ultimately, we are going to have a " bluer Sunday " than New England ever had in the olden days under the old regime 