48? LIBERTY give an impulse to, all great movements that make for righteousness. We be-lieve that questions like those of mar-riage and divorce, Sabbath desecration, foreign immigration, modern industry, the moral and religious training of the young, indeed, all great questions in which the voice of the churches should be heard, demand their united and con-certed action if the church of Christ is to lead effectively in the thorough Chris-tianization of our country. . . . Different epochs are characterized by BISHOP E. R. HENDRIX, PRESIDENT OF THE FEDERAL COUNCIL OF CHURCHES dominant ideas, differing, yet closely re-lated to each other in the system of religious thought. The Protestant Ref-ormation, for instance, emphasized the right of private judgment, and by so doing rendered inestimable benefit to mankind. It taught men to think for themselves, and developed in a notable manner individuality of character. Rights of conscience and the independ-ence of the individual have now been efficiently acknowledged for four cen-turies, and have become fundamental principles of the social and religious or-ganizations of the modern world, espe-cially of the United States. Thoughtful  persons are realizing the need of com-bination and co-operation in religious work. From these official declarations, it fol-lows : Š I. That a leading purpose of this or-ganization claiming to represent, at least indirectly, " considerably more than one half the population of the United States," is to secure the benefit of " combined influence." 2. That this " combined influence " is to be exerted in an effort to apply " the law of Christ " to the affairs of men in this world. 3. That the problems to the solution of which this " combined influence " is to be applied are those which must be considered in legislative halls, and the conclusions reached must be made effect-ive by civil enactments. 4. That "the right of private judg-ment." and the " rights of conscience and the independence of the individual," secured at so great a cost in the great Reformation of the sixteenth century, are regarded by this organization as sec-ondary in importance to " combination and co-operation." This great gathering of the distin-guished representatives of nearly all the Protestant churches in America was not held in order that united and fervent petitions might be offered to the God of heaven, earnestly seeking a revival of spiritual life among the churches, and a mighty display of the converting power of God's Spirit upon the hearts of, sin-ners, but rather to form an effective com-bination in favor of such moral and so-cial reforms as can be brought about by a " combined influence " in the sphere of politics. It is plain, therefore, that this Federal Council of Churches may be le-gitimately defined as a religio-political combination, whose aims can be realized by bringing its " combined influence " to bear upon legislators. 