EDITORIAL BREVITIES IF the world is getting better, one must obliterate the facts of current history in order to prove it. The man who wants to force another man's conscience, as a rule possesses no religion himself that is worthy of the name. The nations of this world will never crown Christ as King of kings and Lord of lords. There is no league of friend-ship between the world and Christ. This world will never see lasting peace established until the Prince of Peace comes and brings peace through God's " kingdom, which shall never be de-stroyed." Men who are negative and destructive in their criticisms, instead of positive and constructive, are like the incendiaries who set buildings on fire. They do it for the sake of seeing the smoke and fire and watching the engines go by. War cannot be abolished as long as men remain unregenerate by nature, and injtistice prevails. Ninety-nine per cent of the inhabitants of this world are thus constituted ; and as long as their natures remain unchanged, they will fight under provocation. Christianity and a large portion of its followers frequently have very little in common. Especially is this true of those who desire to establish Christianity by civil statute, and want all to observe its institutions both of human and divine origin under duress. A man whom God cannot win through the ministry of love, is unworthy of a place in the kingdom. Why, then, should men attempt to force unwilling subjects into the kingdom of grace? Law can-not drive a man into religion, if love fails to draw him in. When love fails to attract one, let him alone ; force can-not save him. 28 BE not deceived by the cup that curses while it cheers. Things that are worth something are counterfeited. There are many counter-feit Christians, but no one has ever seen a counterfeit infidel. A counterfeit claims to be just as good as the genuine. but everybody knows it is not. The pa-pal Sunday is the counterfeit of " the Sabbath of the Lord." Everybody knows that Sunday was never divinely ap-pointed, sanctified, and blessed. Which will you choose, the genuine or the coun-terfeit? A file of the New York Weekly Jour-nal, published by John Peter Zenger. from 1733 to 175o, constitutes a recent valuable addition to the newspaper col-lections of the Wisconsin State Historical Society at Madison. This is the fourth largest collection of the Zenger journals in the United States, and it is the only one west of the Alleghanies.- Inland Printer. SVto tip Christ Desires Only Voluntary Service IT is no part of Christ's mission to compel men to receive him. It is Satan, and men actuated by his spirit, that seek to compel the conscience. Under a pre-tense of zeal for righteousness, men who are confederate with evil angels bring suffering upon their fellow men, in order to convert them to their ideas of reli-gion; but Christ is ever showing mercy. ever seeking to win by the revealing of his love. He can admit no rival in the soul, nor accept of partial service ; and he desires only voluntary service, the willing surrender of the heart under the constraint of love. There can be no more conclusive evidence that we possess the spirit of Satan than the disposition to hurt and destroy those who do not ap-preciate our work, or who act contrary to our ideas.Š E_. White, in "The Desire of Ages." 