Michigan Jury Acquits Sunday Law Violators M. C. GUILD SEVERAL months ago the city council of Saginaw, Mich., passed an ordinance forbidding the sale of groceries on Sun-day. The enforcement of the ordinance caused such hardship to the small grocers of the city, many of whom are poor and at best eke out but a bare existence, that strong protests were made against the measure. The mayor and the city commissioners granted a public hearing on the subject, and a number of speeches were made both for and against the ordinance. Some of the large dealers were in favor of the ordinance, as they main-tained that the Sunday competition hurts their trade. The small dealers, who are located mostly in the residence section of the city, pleaded for the opportunity to, make an honest living, irrespective of the religious convictions of others. They claimed that it would be difficult for them to make a living and carry on their business if compelled to close on Sunday, as by so doing they would lose heavily on fruit and other perishable goods in the summer. Pastors Lee S. Wheeler, of Detroit, and B. L. Post, of Lansing, were present, and they pointed out that laws of this nature are class legislation, and that they result in oppression and injustice against honest citizens. While dealers in tobacco and cigars and many other lines of goods are allowed to keep open on Sunday, others are counted criminals for selling groceries. This is manifestly unjust. It was further pointed out that such legisla-tion is religious in character, enforcing an institution of the church. It is there-fore unconstitutional. The observance of the Sabbath is a religious duty that is to he rendered to God, and so long as a man conducts himself as a good citizen, the civil authorities have no right to inter-fere with his religious conduct.. Public interest recently centered in a I8  case brought against Mr. Lewis, a local groceryman, for selling groceries on Sun-day, but the defendant was acquitted by the jury. As public opinion is divided on the sub-ject, it is probable that no further at-tempts will be made to enforce the or-dinance at present, but evidence is not wanting that it will be a prominent issue to be decided by the city council that is soon to be elected. A bill similar to the Saginaw Sunday ordinance has recently been introduced in the State legislature at Lansing, and the outcome is awaited with much in-terest. Prominent grocerymen from Detroit and elsewhere who are promoting the measure and who have appeared in large numbers in its behalf, frankly admit that it is designed to eliminate the Sun-day competition of the small grocers and dealers, many of whom are foreigners. It will thus be seen that the motive behind this Sunday law is a selfish one. And wherever such laws are enforced there is sure to be oppression and per-secution. The present agitation on this subject is bringing to light men in different walks of life who are taking a noble stand in defense of the principles of civil and religious freedom on which our govern-ment was founded. The following extracts from a letter by Mr. Theodore Westervelt, recently published in the Saginaw Courier-Her-ald, voices the sentiment of many who still stand loyally for religious free-dom : Š " I was very much pleased with the outcome of the trial of one Lewis for violating the ordinance forbidding the sale of groceries on Sunday. . I wish to compliment the jury for its just ver-dict in upholding American principles and the Constitution of the United States. 