18 LIBERTY To these mistaken advocates of com-pulsory religion, Christ says : " Put up thy sword." But the voice of Christ and the teachings of Christianity have little influence with those intoxicated with this Babylonian wine of state-en-forced religion. Men may be earnest and sincerely desirous of reforming so-ciety ; but when they set aside a religion based on divine authority, enforced by Ł the creative power of the Holy Spirit, and substitute a humanly prescribed re-ligion, enforced by civil law, they do inestimable damage to society. Keen observers see troublous times ahead in the social and industrial world. The " sure word of prophecy " makes us sure that these observers are correct in apprehending times of storm and stress Š" distress of nations, with perplexity," as Christ described it in speaking of the very last days of the world's history. In the Review of Internationalism, Lord Averbury says of conditions in Eu-rope :Š " Unless something is done, the condi-tion of the poor in Europe will grow worse and worse. It is no use shutting our eyes. Revolution may not come soon, not probably in our time ; but come it will, and as sure as fate there will be an explosion such as the world has never seen." And the London Spectator, comment-ing on one of President Roosevelt's ref-erences to the social question, recently said:Š "Every foreign observer believes that the grand struggle between the ' Haves ' and the Havenots,' which is to mark this century, will be fought out first of all upon American soil." It is sufficiently evident that the world needs, as never before, the restraining, steadying influence of the religion of Jesus Christ, with its power to put love and patience and unselfishness into the hearts of those who believe. And it is not at all a token of good to see a grow-ing disposition in the religious world to turn from the principles of a religion of  divine power and soul liberty to these theories of a human religion, state-en-forced, which in all past time have worked ruin to both religion and the state. Religious Legislation Opposed to the Gospel of Christ C. P. BOLLMAN BY religious legislation is not meant ecclesiastical regulations enforced only by ecclesiastical penalties, but civil stat-utes affecting religious things enforced by civil penalties, and also ecclesiastical laws enforced by civil power, as in the days of the Inquisition, when the church defined and ferreted out heresy, which was then punished by the civil author-ities. The legitimate sphere of civil law is to conserve human rights,Š to protect life, person, reputation, property, etc. ; in short, to secure to all men, " life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness." Civil government takes no cognizance of the inner life. An individual may be corrupt in heart, may be unclean in thought, may be full of hatred and covet-ousness ; and yet if his evil heart, impure thought, and hateful and covetous dis-position never lead him to an overt act of lawlessness, he will be accounted a good citizen. But not so in the domain of Christian-ity. The purpose of the gospel is not to secure outward compliance with even a perfect rule of action ; but heartfelt obedience to the divine law, which takes cognizance not only of the words and the acts, but of the thoughts and intents of the heart as well. To Nicodemus the Saviour said, " Ex-cept a man be born again, he can not see the kingdom of God." John 3 : 3. The reason is stated in verse 6: " That which is born of the flesh is flesh ; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit." This is supplemented by the words of the apostle in Rom. 8: 5-7 : " For they that are after the flesh do mind the 