LIBERTY the general government was so admin-istered that the liberty of conscience was endangered, I pray you be assured that no man would be more willing than my-self to revise and alter that part of it, so as to avoid all religious persecution. You can, without any doubt, remember that I have often expressed as my opinion, that every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his conscience. It was not long after this, and no doubt due to the direct personal influence of President Washington, that the first amendment to the Constitution was adopted, taking from the general gov-ernment the power to legislate upon re-ligious questions. A Good Record Maintained THE Sixtieth Congress closed without passing any one of the several Sunday bills which had been introduced. The principal effort to secure such legisla-tion was made in behalf of the Johnston bill, providing for the " proper observ-ance of Sunday as a day of rest in the District of Columbia." An extended re-port of the public hearing on this bill before the House Committee on the Dis-trict of Columbia is printed in another part of this issue. This bill was passed by the Senate during the first session of this Congress, but was not reported to the House. For quite a period of years persistent efforts have been made in every Congress to secure from the national legislature some legal recognition of Sunday as the Christian sabbath ; but thus far that body has refused to reverse the decision made fourscore years ago, that it was no part of the duty of the representatives of the people to decide a religious controversy and to enforce a religious dogma upon dissenters. While the advocates of religious lib- erty may feel gratified at the success which has thus far attended their efforts to defeat religious legislation, they need not flatter themselves that the contest is now ended. We may be reasonably sure that the determined and long-cherished purpose to establish the observance of . Sunday by national law has not been abandoned, even in the face of repeated defeat, and it will doubtless be necessary to fight the same battle for freedom over again during the next Congress. The old proverb, " To be forewarned is to be forearmed," is of force in this instance ; and those who desire to preserve intact liberty of conscience, and to prevent the encroachments of the civil power upon the domain of religion, should by no means diminish their activity in the dis-semination of right principles. The Legal Sunday AT the very time when an effort was being made to secure from Congress the passage of a law requiring rest from ordinary labor on Sunday in the District of Columbia, a movement was on foot in Massachusetts to so modify the present Sunday law of that State as to provide for one legal rest day in seven, without that day necessarily being Sunday. The discussion of this question includes some statements worthy of note. One is made by Dr. Gordon, of the Old South Church (Congregational) of Boston :Ñ If civilization demands that a man work Sunday, he should have some other day of rest. Sunday can not be arbi-trarily set as that day. The second is credited to the pastor of the Warren Avenue Baptist Church of the same city : Ñ We are willing to let men decide for themselves whether or not they shall have a sabbath day, and how they will observe it. The third is found in an editorial from the Morning Star (Baptist) of Boston :Ñ 