LIBERTY Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof. Lev. 25:10. VoL. III FIRST QUARTER, 1908 No. Survey of the Field United States. Š There throughout the country a in the demand for religious mostly, at the present time, of the Sunday closing of put forth as a temperance measure, is forming prec-edents for future legisla-tion of a more decided religious stamp. In New York City, Chicago, Kan-sas City, and Washington, D. C., active campaigns ' are being conducted at the present time in the inter-ests of.  stricter Sunday observance. In various cities special days have been set apart by the clergy for working up a Sunday-enforcement senti-ment in their respective churches. Certain relig-ious journals have had much to say concerning the playing of such games as baseball and football on Sunday by soldiers and sailors on government reservations, in over eleven hundred indictments by the grand jury for Sunday work within its jurisdiction. In Chicago twenty-two relig-ious and reform organizations (Protestant and Catholic) have united in demanding  a closed Sunday for that city. The Chicago offi-cials have not yet yielded to the demands of these bodies. A decision ren-dered by Justice O'Gor-man, of the New York supreme court, declared all Sunday shows, dances, and entertainments ille-gal. Police Commissioner Bingham at once declared his purpose of enforcing the Sunday law in har-mony with Justice O'Gor-man's decision, and as a result for several Sundays in succession everything in the nature of an entertain-ment, even illustrated lec-tures in Y. M. C. A. halls, in New York City, was JUSTICE O'GORMAN prohibited. But this Puri- tanical Sunday was not appreciated even by the Sunday-enforce-ment advocates, and the police commis-sioner has tempered his orders to the police force to such an extent that entertainments of a certain class be permitted. The police are to exercise their discretion in the matter. Already there is a tendency to seems to be steady growth legislation, but along the line saloons. This, and strongly worded protests have been sent to Pres-ident Roosevelt and the Secretary of the Navy against the Sunday games. The gov-ernment has not yet seen fit to suppress these games. The work done by Judge Wallace, of Kansa's City, Mo, has resulted 