LIBERTY 45 News and Notes SEVERAL Sunday bills have been before the New York legislature, but they have all been permitted to slumber in committee. The Sunday bill introduced into the Oklahoma legislature, mentioned in the last issue of LIBERTY, has not been brought for-ward for action. The many protests against it seem to have had a salutary effect. Judge Pike, of Nevada, has directed that " it is offensive to all well-established ideas of civil and religious liberty " to require open-air services to be held within a lim-ited area in a city, and he reversed the de-cision of a lower court upon this matter. A vigorous campaign, led by Dr. G. L. Tufts, a representative of the International Reform Bureau, is now being conducted in California, in order to secure a Sunday law for that State. California enjoys the dis-tinction of being the only State in the Union which does not have a Sunday law, and lovers of liberty are making an earnest effort to prevent the enactment of such religious legislation. A provision was inserted in the Lord's Day Act of Canada leaving the enforce-ment of the act entirely in the hands of the Attorney-General of each province. The sentiment of the provincial government of British Columbia is so much opposed to this act that it has not been enforced in that province by the Attorney-General. A report from Los Angeles, Cal., dated April 17, states that the Church Federation of that city requested that Admiral Evans's battle-ship fleet should, on its arrival at San Pedro, break up into four divisions, to be distributed at different points. This plan would have cut out the illumination of the fleet at night, and the sea parade on Sun-day morning. It is stated that the reason back of this move on the part of the Church Federation was the fear that the attraction of the fleet would keep many persons from church on Easter day Š the reason given in the early centuries for Sunday laws. Legislation recommended by the Com-missioners of the District of Columbia con-cerning the manufacture and sale of liquors in the District, which, if enacted, will elim-inate more than 200 of the 522 saloons in Washington, has been submitted to the Sen-ate, with request for enactment The report was made by the Commissioners after the several bills now before Congress calling for prohibition in various forms in the District had been discussed at public hear-ings. Absolute prohibition is not favored by the Commissioners "at this time. During the recent session of the Virginia Legislative Assembly five Sunday bills were proposed, four of which were killed or died a natural death. Several hearings on these bills were held before the House and Senate Committees on General Laws. The bill which was finally passed amended an existing law, increasing the fine from two to five dollars for each offense. Governor Joseph B. Folk, of Missouri, who has been active in the enforcement of the State Sunday law, and Judge W. H. Wallace, of Kansas City, who has secured thousands of indictments for violations of the Sunday law, are both candidates for higher positions in official life. It is said that Governor Folk desires to become United States Senator, and Judge Wallace has announced his candidacy for the governor-ship of Missouri. Hereafter carriers on " star routes "Šany route, other than railroad, steamboat, and mail-messenger routes, over which ' mail is carried under contract Š will' not be permitted to distribute liquor from point to point along their routes. The postmas-ter-general has issued the prohibition. To start with, it will apply to contracts for such service in North and South Carolina, Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Tennessee, and Kentucky. Later it will be extended through the whole country. The new contracts will " expressly provide " that the carriers shall not transport liquor while peforming their duties." I hold that the freedom of the individual is limited only by the like freedom of other individuals, and is sacred; and that the leg-islature can not equitably put further restric-tions upon it, either by forbidding any ac-tion which the law of equal freedom permits, or by taking away any property save that required to pay the cost of enforcing the law itself. . . . If a law should be passed pre-venting people from enjoying themselves at innocent amusements on Sundays, so long as they do not interfere with the rights of others, we would not only be violating the Declaration of Independence and the con-stitution of the State of Missouri, but that of the United States as well. The framers of these instruments, the greatest human documents ever written, guaranteed to the people the greatest liberty consistent with public order, and it was their intention that all our people should have a greater portion of liberty and freedom in the United States than anywhere else on the face of the earth. Š From a letter by Mr. H. F. Staple, editor and publisher of the Atchison County (Kan.) Mail. 