Roger Williams with the American savages, among whom, as he is said to have told Governor Endicott, he felt safer than with savage Christians.  Vnu.u.uuumula Roger Williams, the First Great American C. S. Longacre iF I were asked," said Oscar S. Straus, thrice American ambassador to Tur-key, and Secretary of Labor and Com-merce in President Roosevelt's Cabinet, " to select  from all the great men who have left their impress upon this con-tinent from the days that the Puritan Pil-grims set foot on Plymouth Rock, . . . if I were asked whom to hold before the American people and the world to typify the American spirit of fairness, of free-dom, of liberty in church and state, I would without any hesitation select that great prophet who established the first political community on the basis of a free church in a free state, the great and immor-tal Roger Williams." When Roger Wil-liams landed in Amer-ica in 1631, he found that his Puritan breth-ren who had preceded him by eleven years, had already established their religion by law, and were persecuting those w h o dissented from them in belief. Upon his arrival, he was offered the pastor-ate of the Boston church, which the peo-ple of Boston called " the most glorious on earth." But Roger Williams declined the offer because he felt that he could not conscientiously bind himself to a legally established church. John Cotton said that Williams looked upon himself as one who " had received a clearer illumination and apprehension of the state of Christ's kingdom, and of 104 the purity of church communion, than all Christendom besides." Cotton Mather said that Williams was a " madman " and had " a windmill in his head." It would have been much better for America if more madmen of the Roger Williams type, having " windmills " in their heads, had come to America. Williams was the first American who advocated the complete and absolute sep-aration of church and state. At a time when there was no historical example to follow he founded the first colony that made religious liberty an actuality for all men, whether Christians, Jews, Gentiles, Turks, or agnostics. Because he was the first to assert and to contend for these glorious principles of civil and religious liberty, which have since become the distinctive character-istics of our fundamental law and na-tional greatness, he has properly been called " The First American." 