LIBERTY 29 of three or four miles, where he swore out a warrant against her. The justice re-fused to try the case. After two weeks she was taken before another justice, who also declined to sit on the case. Then she was taken to Murphy, N. C., where no trial was secured. The woman was sent back to the second justice, who two weeks later heard the case, and found her guilty. She appealed to the Criminal Court at Murphy, N. C., where her case is now pending. She spent two weeks attend-ing the August term bf court, and has spent one week wait- ing on a trial at the present term. The history of this case gives unmistak-able evidence of a persecuting spirit manifested against a poor, defenseless woman who, against all odds, religiously keeps the command-ments of God and is willing to suffer for conscience' sake. Though classed among the humblest, her endurance is com-mendable, and her case may be the means of preaching the integrity of God's law to the highest in the State of North Carolina. The Sunday Law as an Engine of Persecution About three miles from where lives Mrs. Post, a union church was built by people of different denominations, among them being some Seventh-day Adventists, who contributed to the cost of the structure with the agreement that they would be permitted to use the church with the rest. After it was com-pleted, the deputy sheriff, who went nearly a mile out of his way to lie in wait and watch for Mrs. Post to arrest her, was the leading spirit in the neigh- borhood to get different ones to break faith with the Adventists and prohibit them from using the church. When that was accomplished, a move-ment was started to drive the Adventists out of that vicinity and to begin to per-secute them. Knowing their peculiar faith of keeping the seventh day (Sat-urday) as the Sabbath, the persecutors, in a spirit of intolerance, spied around to find some excuse to have them ar-rested for breaking the Sunday law, which resulted in the criminal process being sworn out against Mrs. Post, who put about three armfuls of wood in the borrowed wagon s h e was returning. The charge trumped up is for hauling wood on Sunday. It is too bad such a law remains on the statute books, which can be used to perse-cute for conscience' sake just because the prosecutor has malice against his neighbor. Mrs. Post is a woman of excellent reputation among the neighbors of h e r mountain home, and is the breadwinner for her husband, who is old and in bad health, and for a family of several children. The Sunday law evidently is not highly regarded by the court, judging from the way it has been construed. In the case of the State vs. Williams, 26 N. C., p. 400, the court held that put-ting up fences around the fields and dis-tillery on Sunday is neither an indict-able offense at common law nor under the statute. In the case of the State vs. Brooks- band, 28 N. C., p. 73, it is held that keep-ing open shop and selling liquors on Sun-day is not subject to indictment either at common law nor under the Sunday statute. There can be no liberty where the opinions, pref-erences, or practices of one man or set of men are forced upon other men, so that instead of living their own lives, limited only by the equal rights of their fellow men, they are compelled, in matters not affecting the equal rights of others, to con-form their lives to the standards and opinions of other men. B. 