42 LIBERTY The implied idiosyncrasy of our cit-izenry is beyond comprehension. On Sundays they are so eager to work that the State, in order to preserve the public health, has to pass a law compelling them to cease from labor, while on the other six days they become so indolent and shiftless that it is forced to pass a penal-ized vagrancy statute. Chief Justice Terry, of California, in ex parte New-man, remarks : Š " This argument is founded on the assump-tion that men are in the habit of working too much, and thereby entailing evil upon society, and that, without compulsion, they will not seek the necessary repose which their ex-hausted natures demand. This is to us a new theory, and is contradicted by the history of the past and the observation of the present. We have yet to learn that there has ever been any general complaint of an intemperate, vi-cious, unhealthy, or morbid industry." Do we not see through this transpar-ency more of an ecclesiastical polity than a good health policy? The religion of the majority is always in the ascendant, and is dominative. In the Krieger case an eminent jurist was quoted to show that Š " Some particular day must be fixed; the one most naturally selected is that which is regarded as sacred by the greatest number of citizens." But should Sunday, or any other day, be selected by the State as a Sabbath be-cause it "is regarded as sacred by the greatest number of citizens " ? The religion of the majority is in-variably advantaged by the indorsement of public opinion, and demands favors at the hands of the legislature by the passage of laws in furtherance of its particular tenets, or from the courts in the way of judicial construction. James Madison, in his " Writings," Vol. I, p. 424, states : Š " Wherever the real power in a government lies, there is the danger of oppression. In our government the real power lies in the ma-jority of the community, and the invasion of private rights is chiefly to be apprehended." As to the effect of public opinion for or against religion, Thomas Jefferson, in  " Travels by Noah," addressing a Jew. says: Š " But more remains to be done; for, al-though we are free by law, we are not so in practice; public opinion erects itself into an inquisition, and exercises its office with as much fanaticism as fans the flames of an auto de fe." Lord Macaulay, in his " Essay on Sir James Mackintosh," introduces the fol-lowing to show the fallacy of the argu-ment of the majority when religion is involved : Š " The doctrine which, from the very first origin of religious dissensions, has been held by all bigots of all sects, when condensed into a few words, and stripped of rhetorical dis-guise, is simply this: I am in the right, and you are in the wrong. When you are the stronger, you ought to tolerate me; for it is your duty to tolerate truth. But when I am the stronger, I shall persecute you; for it is my duty to persecute error." We have in our country a majority of Sunday believers, and a very small mi-nority, comparatively speaking, of Jews, Seventh-day Adventists, and Seventh Day Baptists, who keep Saturday, the seventh day, for the Sabbath. But the religious differences as to the identical day to be kept for the Sabbath are ir-reconcilable. In some places Sunday laws are openly transgressed, and have virtually become obsolete from nonuse, till they are aroused from their dusty sleep by one class of religionists who prosecute and persecute the other class, manifesting a spirit of intolerance that shows human nature to be changed very little from what it was before the Reformation. It was Roger Williams who exclaimed, " What a monstrous paradox ! God's children persecuting God's children ! " The gulf between Sundayism and Sab-batarianism can never be bridged. The differences are antipodal, as the follow-ing facts are sufficient to show : Š The first-day believers have long been memorializing Congress for a national Sunday law. The Sabbatarians have as long been opposing such legislation as tieing contrary to the spirit and genius of our government. 