LIBERTY  25 Sabbath, would protest against the making of a law for the compulsory observance of that day. Even the church has no right to enforce Sabbath observance by fines, im-prisonment or civil penalties. Only under a true theocracy, or a government of God, like that of Israel in Old Testament times, could any religious law be rightfully en-forced. The United States is not a theoc-racy. This government is " for and by the people." There is no true theocracy on earth to-day. In religious matters men are responsible to God only. The Sabbath, being in its nature wholly religious, is therefore beyond the rightful sphere of civil government. The founders of this nation recognized this fact, when they declared that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The true Sabbath neither needs nor asks for any human law to enforce its observ-ance. For authority it has the law of the eternal God, and the example of Jesus. This is sufficient. It is only a substitute for the true Sabbath that needs, or that demands, the prop of human legislation. There being neither law nor example in either the Old or the New Testament for the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, as the Sabbath, or Lord's day, its only support or authority is human. To perpetuate its existence it therefore needs and demands human legislation. The true Sabbath has been sacredly en-shrined in the heart of those precepts, spoken from Sinai, that are in their very nature unchangeable and everlasting. It is the keystone, the seal, of the law of God. The seventh-day Sabbath was made by Christ at creation, and kept by Him, and by His followers after His crucifixion, and will be observed by the redeemed in the new earth. Isa. 66: 22, 23. Speaking of His people, the children of Israel, the Lord says: " I gave them my Sabbaths to be a sign between Me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." Ezek. 20: 12. The true Sabbath is a sign or seal between God and His own faithful, obedient chil-dren. The holy prophet clearly points out that anti-Christian power which was to attempt to change the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week, in the following scripture: " He shall speak great  words against the Most High, and shall wear out the saints of the Most High. and think to change times and laws." Dan. 7: 25. But no earthly power can come be-tween God and His people, and attempt to take away the true Sabbath and substitute a rival sabbath,Ñ the sign or mark of Anti-christ,Ñ in its stead, without fulfilling the terrible prophecy that speaks of the enforce-ment of the mark of apostasy and rebellion, and of the ruin of the world that follows.  See Rev. 13:16, 17; 14:9-20. There is infinitely more evil in this matter of Sun-day legislation than many have dreamed. Commanded by God amidst the thunders of Sinai, engraven by the finger of the Al-mighty in the adamantine rock, and placed in the heart of those precepts which are the basis of the throne of the infinite Creator, Ruler, Lawgiver, and Jude, is the Sab-bath law, unchanged and everlasting. Firm as the pillars of His throne, and as endur-ing as the life of its Author, is this sign, this seal, of the living God. With this, no human legislation has any right to tamper. " If the Lord be God, follow Him." When human governments make laws con-flicting with the law of God, then those who are loyal to God will answer, with the Apostles, " We ought to obey God rather than men." The question involved is not simply that of a day, as some erroneously suppose, but the question, Whom shall we obey? Back of the rival day is a rival power. THE Sunday laws upon the statute-books of the States are dead letters; they are not enforced, and Sunday observance is not in a single State or city secured by the Sunday law. Occasionally the officials, under the prodding of a certain religiotis element in the community, enforce the law for a few weeks, but public sentiment soon turns against it because of the religious animosity which always shows itself in connection with such attempts, and then the law again becomes a dead letter. This is the record of every attempt that is made to put these ord-time blue-laws on a level with other and proper acts of legislation. So far as the effect of such a laW upon Sunday is concerned, it should be noted that Sunday is just as well observed in the District of Columbia. where there is no Sunday law. as it is in any other part of the country. 