22  LIBERTY will be, like Christ, a Sabbath-keeper. Jesus says that he kept his Father's com-mandments, and he commended all who should " do and teach them." Matt. 5: 17-19. Jesus came not to save men in sin but from sin. Matt. I : 21. Sabbath-breaking is sin, and Jesus saves the believer from it, and makes him a Sabbath-keeper. It is not that any are saved by keeping the ten com-mandments; they are saved from sin, through faith in Jesus, in order that they may keep God's holy law. But the man truly saved will be obedient to God's law. Only the " carnal mind " is " not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be." Rom. 8: 7. So the very promise of the new covenan WALKING AS HE WALKED is that God will write his law in the heart and in the mind. Heb. 8: 1o. When it is so written it will be lived in the life, for out of the heart are " the issues of life." Jesus had the law in his heart. Ps. 4o: 8. Therefore he lived obedient to it. Every heart that lets Jesus in will also have the power of obedience. Some seem to think that Jesus came to set men free from obeying God's law. But he came to set us free from disobeying it, so that we may, through his indwelling power, keep it now and evermore. Break-ing it is bondage, condemnation. Keeping it is liberty. Ps. 119 : 45. Words of Eminent Men What God says, not what men say, is to be received. A child who believes is wiser than the great man who does not believe. But here are a few statements, which we have selected from many, showing that emi-nent scholars have freely admitted that there is no instruction in the Bible to keep Sunday, the first day of the week, as the Sabbath, or instead of the Sabbath : Ñ Archdeacon Farrar says : " The Sabbath is Saturday, the seventh day of the week." The late Dr. R. W. Dale, the most emi-nent English Congregationalist theologian of our day, says: " It is quite clear that however rigidly or devoutly we may spend Sunday, we are not keeping the Sabbath." " There is not a single sentence in the New Testament to suggest that we incur any penalty by violating the supposed sanctity of Sunday." Dr. Lyman Abbott, one of the leading Congregationalists of America, says: " The current notion that Christ and his apostles authoritatively substituted the first day for the seventh, is absolutely without any au-thority in the New Testament." Dr. Eyton, Canon of Westminster (Church of England) declares: "There is no word, no hint, in the New Testament about abstaining from work on Sunday." " The observance of Ash Wednesday or Lent stands on exactly the same footing as the observance of Sunday." Cassell's " Bible Dictionary " (London) says: " A very large class of persons. in-cluding a very considerable portion of Eng-lish writers, as well as a great majority of German, agree in considering the first day's rest to be an ecclesiastical institution and not a divine ordinance." The Church Times, a leading organ of the Church of England, says: " The Sab-bath, `Dies Sabbati' (as still in Acts of Parliament), never meant anything but Sat-urday. Till the sixteenth century no Chris-tian ever called Sunday' the Sabbath. The great Lightfoot, a Puritan, says, ` I have diligently searched the Fathers to find " Sabbath " used in the sense of Sunday ; would that I could so find it! ' " Another Church of England journal, the Fireside News, quoting with comments from the  " Encyclopedic Dictionary," speaks thus: " In the Middle Ages, Sabbath meant only Saturday. According to the elder Dis-raeli, it was first used in England for Sun-day in 1554.' The Sabbatarians, or those who still keep the Christian Sabbath on Saturday, were not such a small sect as seems to be inferred, in the seventeenth century ; and in the United States the sect have even now very many adherents." Cardinal Gibbons, who stands at the head of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States, says: " There is but one Protestant denomination in our country that lives up to our Protestant Bible, and that is the 