" Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy Six days shalt thou labor, and do AU thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cat-tle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Ex. 20: 8-11. The record of the creation of God re-ferred to here as having been accom-plished " in six days," is found in Gen-esis, chapters one and two, and is concluded in these words : " Thus the heavens and the earth were fin-ished, and all the host of them. And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: be-cause that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made." Gen. 2: 1-3. The honest reader, whether he be a churchman or a theatergoer, can readily see that there is absolutely nothing in either of these inspired records to sanc-tion a first day, or Sunday, Sabbath. Then why should the good church people quote the fourth commandment of the decalogue in support of Sunday observ-ance S Is it not a deception, and a will-ful wresting of the Scriptures, for in-telligent churchgoing people to try to make it appear that the fourth command-ment supports the man-appointed Sun-day Sabbath? It surely and truly is. If theaters are an evil on Sunday, why are they not on all days? Then why do not our good church people, who con-demn theatergoing on Sunday, also eon-demn it on all days of the week, and stay away from them? " 0 Consistency, thou art a jewel! " LET the national legislature once per-form an act which involves the decision of a religious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then be established, and the foundation laid, for that usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge to the fairest portions of the Old World. Š Report of Senate Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, Jan. 19, 1829. MOSES WITH THE TA HIES OF THE LAW 