c-se- Suppressing free speech by the use of stones in Stephen's time. V18 LIBERTY The contemplation of so vast a property as here alluded to (exceeding $3,000,-000,000 worth of church property), without taxation, may lead to sequestration with-out Constitutional authority, and through blood. I would suggest the taxation of all property equally, whether church or corporation.Š U. S. Grant, " Liberty and the Great Libertarians," p. 56. country like this, which boasts of her free institutions, that the prominent fea-ture in all the press reports would have been the pointing out of the instigators of this attempt to lynch an American citizen. The only reason that the mob attacked the hall in which the lecture was to be conducted was because the speaker announced that he would lecture against the appropriation of state funds to the support of Roman Catholic parochial schools. The most natural thing for the press to do would be to lay bare the facts before the public, and then sound a warning against the un-American methods employed to sup-press freedom of speech. If a mob of Jews had at-tacked this lecturer, should we have been denied the in-formation by the press of this country that they were Jews? Or, if Mormons had composed this mob, would that important infor-mation be suppressed? The very fact that we are not told the class of citizens who were implicated in this cowardly af-fair at Haverhill, indicates that the press is muzzled and dare not exercise the freedom that is guaranteed it by the Con-stitution of this Republic. An eyewitness says that the boy scouts might just as well have been called out as the police force, for the police offered no resistance to the mob. This shows that police protection is denied the cit- izens of the United States when a certain class of citizens indulge in violence. Outbreaks of mob violence throughout the country are Rome's protest against opposition to her demands for state funds to carry on her sectarian schools, and against any criticism of her policies and methods. The writer is a member of a religious denomination that conducts parochial schools. Thou-sands of its children and youth are attending these schools in this and other lands. The maintenance of these schools Š the cost of buildings, the teachers' sal-aries, the supplying of books and other equipment Š is a heavy financial bur-den on the members of this church. This burden, how-ever, is voluntarily borne, for the state would gladly provide for the education of these children and youth did not the parents prefer to do it themselves. The reason that we as a people have never appealed to the state for financial aid, or for a portion of the revenue which is paid by all citizens, ourselves in-cluded, is because we believe that to do so would be a flagrant violation of the principles that underlie this government, which stands for total separation of church and state. The burden voltin tarily assumed is cheerfully borne be-cause of attachment to the vital prin-ciple involved. Resolve that not one dollar of money shall be appropriated to the support of any sectarian school. . . . Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contributions. Keep the church and state forever separate.Š U. S. Grant, Appleton's Cyclopedia of Amer-ican Biography, Vol. IL p. 722. 