92 LIBERTY justice gave it as his opinion that the stores might lawfully sell ice cream and soft drinks, but nothing else. The churches are now de-manding that a new justice be appointed, who will carry out the demands of the church. The present incumbent was capable of administering law and justice for ten years without ques-tion, but suddenly, because he does not inter-pret the law to suit the church, he becomes disqualified. This looks very much as if in Yorktown the church is trying to dominate the state. Ł Tangier Island and Yorktown are geograph-ically and religiously in close proximity, and neither of them has progressed beyond the Puritan times. Of ME ME SOME time ago Herbert Hoover said: " Many great armies have been demobilized; yet the world is again engaged in preparedness, and the number of men under arms today is much larger than in 1914. The world's total armament and its military expenditure are larger [than in 1914], despite the burden of grinding debt." And this after nearly two years of earnest, honest effort to put the world upon a peace footing by means of a league of nations. The thing has not been done, nor can it be done, for the reason that it is impossible by political ac-tion to eliminate selfishness from human hearts. THE Southern Baptists, assembled in annual convention in Washington, May 12, made the following pronouncement on the subject of reli-gious liberty: " Church and state should be completely sep-arated. Neither has any jurisdiction over the other. All people have the right to approach God, worship him, and serve him as they see fit, without any ecclesiastical or state interference. Religion is a voluntary matter, and democracy should be applied fully in religion, church, gov-ernment, and individual conduct. The individ-ual, having the Bible and his conscience as guides, is responsible to God alone for his reli-gious faith and conduct, though in the exercise of this conduct he must not transgress the rights of others." This sounds good, and we trust the Southern Baptists will always ring true to these funda-mental principles. 01 !V tV VICE-PRESIDENT MARSHALL told the Southern Baptists at the opening of their convention in Washington, May 12, that he hoped the church would not discard the gospel of Jesus Christ while trying to reform Congress in the interest of securing a carnal peace. " I hope," he said,  " the clergy and laymen of this country will understand that their divine mission is to go out and preach the gospel and not beat the bass drum in a political parade. There is enough for the church to do without trying to reform Con-gress. . . . I am convinced that there can be no peace in America, and no peace in the world, until men and women bow in adoration before the life and principles of the Nazarene. If this Republic of ours is to endure, it must be founded on the golden rule. All men are either religious or superstitious. And I will take my chance in the forgiveness of a living God rather than the capers of a ouija board." This is not only good advice for a statesman to give to churchmen, but it is timely. Too many churches are trying to set up the kingdom of God by reforming Congress, t.V " SECTION I, Article 3, of the new constitu-tion for Uruguay, declares that all forms of religious worship are free, that the state sus-tains no religion, and exempts from taxation all houses of religious worship. It concedes to the Roman Catholic Church all temples and chapels built totally or partially by public funds, except such chapels as form part of public asylums and hospitals. " But this religious freedom does not mean religious equality. Catholic mass is still said in the chapels specified, and the Bank of the Republic, a government institution, closes in honor of Virgin's Day.' Atheist newspapers continue to denounce proselytism. The number of those who seek true liberty is slowly increas-ing, and only when the masses obey this higher call will the republic be free indeed." Š Mis-sionary Review of the World. It should be noted also that in all the coun-tries of Europe in which new governments are being established, the people are requiring and receiving seemingly ample guarantees of reli-gious freedom. Men are everywhere longing for and reaching after liberty; the pity of it is that so many know not how or where to obtain true liberty. The best that this world can give is, after all, disappointing. It does not satisfy. WHENEVER the church gained the control of the civil government in the past, both civil and religious equality and freedom perished from among the people, and it was a criminal offense to hold any other religious views and practices than those which were entertained and sanc-tioned by the established church. And yet there are some Americans who are clamoring for a legal religion. Perhaps they see a chance of sitting on the throne and wielding the scepter, so to speak, over their fellow men. 