LIBERTY 17 Sunday Laws Not Proper Police Regulations It is very evident that the following decisions are more in harmony with American jurisprudence than is the de-cision of the District Court of Appeals, based on English law : Š Making it a misdemeanor. to keep open and conduct a barber shop, or to work as a barber, on Sundays and other holidays, is an undue restraint of personal liberty, and is special legislation, based upon an arbitrary classification, and not a proper exercise of the police power, and is un-constitutional, and void.Š Decision of Supreme Court of California, April 17, r896. It would be a strained and far-fetched  construction to hold that violations of the Sabbath per se would affect the health of the citizens or constitute a nuisance.Š 12 Lea, Tennessee Reports, page 507. Power given to a municipality " to make regulations to secure the general health of the inhabitants, and to prevent and remove nuisances," does not author-ize Sunday ordinances.Š"American and English Encyclopedia of Law," Vol. XXVII, page 392. It is time that some voice should be raised in protest against our backward tendencies, and that the principles of civil and religious liberty as expressed in the fundamental law of the nation should be maintained. c. s. L. IV OE Of Police Regulation and Sunday Observance S. B. HORTON IN his decision upholding the authority of the District of Columbia Commis-sioners to legislate upon the subject of Sunday observance, Nov. 5, 1914, Asso-ciate Justice Charles H. Robb said, among other things : Š " Sunday legislation has been known to the world for more than fifteen cen-turies, having originated in Rome, A. D. 321, when Constantine the Great issued an edict commanding all judges and in-habitants of cities to rest on that day. (Carver vs. State; 69 Ind., 61. Camp-bell vs. Int. L. Assur. Soc., 4 Bows., N. Y., 298.) Such laws were passed at an early date in England, and early legis-lation in this country on the subject was based upon the comprehensive statute of 29 Charles II, chap. 7. (Rodman vs. Robinson, 134 N. C., 503.) But, irre-spective of any mandate of the law, the Christian world, of which this country is a part (Holy Trinity Church vs. United States, 143 U. S., 457, 465), has by common consent set apart the first day of the week as a day of rest, reflec-tion, and devotion. In our own land State legislatures have taken cognizance of the traditions and customs of the peo- ple in 'thus setting apart Sunday by en-acting laws relating to the observance of that day, the theory of such laws being that they tend to promote order and ad-vance the moral and physical well-being of those affected. Viewed in their civil aspect, these laws have been sustained with uniformity as a valid exercise of the police power." In keeping with decisions of some other courts, Justice Robb assumes that the consensus of religious opinion regarding Sunday observance is sufficient warrant for civil laws respecting it. But it must also be borne in mind that many courts have decided just the opposite; namely, that in the light of the American princi-ple of civil government there is no war-rant for a civil law esteeming one day above another. Regarding police power and regula-tions, the following citations are worthy of consideration : Š Police Power Š General Principles " The authority to establish, for the intercourse of the several members of the body politic with each other, those rules of good conduct and good neigh- 