LIBERTY  9 on the meaning to be given to the word " disturb." One of the witnesses for the prosecution swears that the work car-ried on by the defendant on Sundays disturbed him " spiritually." Another swears that it caused him " mental an-noyance." Others that it did not bother them at all. I can not see that the con-text of clause six allows any other mean-ing to be put upon the word " disturb " than is the obvious every-day meaning. It must necessarily mean material dis-turbance,Ñ the hindering of, or interfer-ing with, other people in the discharge of their religious duties, by noise, or some other tangible interference, and in the present case there is no proof what-ever of anything of that kind. This case emphasizes two things : first, that even a clear and comprehensive ex-emption clause does not prevent any per-son from being arrested and subjected to the expense of trial for an alleged vio-lation of the Sunday law, second, that those who prosecute alleged violators of the Sunday law are often afflicted with mental dishonesty, and do not hesitate to give to ordinary words a new and un-usual meaning in order, if possible, to secure conviction.  In this particular case, the presiding judge would not per-mit the law to be interpreted contrary to its obvious meaning, and the complaint was dismissed. The exemption clause which has been inserted in one of the proposed Sunday laws for the District of Columbia is the same in effect as the one in the Sunday Observance Act of the Quebec Legis-lature ; and if the bill should become a law, even those who are expressly ex-empted from the provisions of this act are still liable to arrest and trial. This experience in Canada shows the use which religious bigotry can make of legislation designed to enforce a relig-ious observance in persecuting even those who are plainly exempt from the penal-ties of the law. A Sunday law is always an infringement upon religious liberty. Sunday,Breakers as Traitors IN a sermon at Lansing, Mich., an Episcopal clergyman, according to the press report, branded as traitors those who neglect to observe Sunday. The following paragraph is from an abstract of the sermon printed in the Lansing Republican of May 25 : Ñ Rev. Hicks appealed not to the relig-ious sentiment of his parishioners so much as to the patriotic sentiment, be-lieving that the observance of Sunday is essential to a nation's life and prosper-ity. . . . The great nations of the world have been Sunday-observing nations, and no nation, Rev. Hicks stated, can disregard the day without inviting the same consequences as those of the French Revolution. A person by neg-lecting to observe the sabbath day, Rev. Hicks believes, is a traitor to his country. Sunday h's often been called " the American sabbath." and " a national institution," and on that basis it may seem appropriate to appeal to the spirit of patriotism in order to secure its ob-servance. It is certainly useless to peal to the Bible, as Sunday is not the Sabbath of the Bible, and there is no authority in that book for its observ-ance. There is, however, great signifi-cance in the suggestion that those who do not keep Sunday are traitors. - It im-plies a state religion with Sunday-keep-ing as the mark of loyalty, and the death penalty to be inflicted upon those who refuse to acknowledge the sover-eignty of the state in the realm of con-science. Two Reports Contrasted NEARLY fourscore years 'ago, Jan. 19, 1829, a report was communicated to the United States Senate by the Hon. Rich-ard M. Johnson, of Kentucky, Chairman of the Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads, in which the relation be 