The crime of the Albigenses was dissent from the established reli- gion. For this, fire and sword were invoked against them. 150 LIBERTY It is clear that nothing can bring the good to light, or expose the evil, but full and free discussion. Until this takes place, a plausible fallacy may do harm; but discussion is sure to elicit the truth, and fix public opinion on a proper basis; and nothing else can do it.Š Thomas Cooper. ican. The bill reads as follows : Š "Whereas, The government of the United States, as well as the State governments of every member of the Union, contemplates a complete separation between the affairs of the state and those of the church, it is in viola-tion of the fundamental principles of this gov-ernment to make the slightest departure from these original constitutions; and,Š " Whereas, Any encroachment, however slight, upon the basic idea of our government is insidious and dangerous, for the history of the world proves that these depar-tures from prin-ciples which are tolerated create precedents which are used to excuse fur-ther encroach-ments, and these in turn become prece-dents for great-er aggressive-ness, until the evil primarily avoided comes trouble, which has inva- back again to cause the union of church and riably grown out of state; and,Š " Whereas, Our government, being strictly secular, has no right to recognize and deal with a public functionary, envoy, delegate, or ambassador, if his business concerns religions; and,Š " Whereas, No such ambassador, envoy, functionary, or delegate from any church shall ever be received by our government; there-foreŠ " Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That it is the sense of this Congress that it is no part of the duty of this government to send or receive ambassadors to and from any church what-soever." The Pope is preeminently a spiritual ruler. The government of the United States is absolutely a civil commonwealth. There is nothing in common between the two powers. The United States recog-nizes and protects the liberties of all Šreligious and nonreligious. The Vatican concedes freedom to none but those of her own communion; and that freedom is merely the privilege t o bow implicitly to the dictates of the Pope. If our gov-ernment con-tinues to follow the precedents set forth in the official docu-ments quoted above, we shall have no trouble over this ques-tion. But there i s increasing danger, due to powerful influences oper-ating upon the nation, that our prin-ciples of church-and-state separation will be ignored or repudiated. The time to settle matters of this character is be-fore a crisis comes. Have high public officials, political parties, and aspiring candidates the courage of their convic-tions? Will they prove true to the American principles of separation of church and state? or will they surrender principle for temporary political advan-tage ? This is not a question of political expediency, but one that is vital to the preservation of our liberties as a nation and as individuals. Where there is one slave, there must of necessity be another Š the slave's master. He is a slave to the spirit of greed and oppression. No man knows true liberty unless he stands for the security of liberty to all.Š Editor. 