LIBERTY 105 pression, such establishments greatly re-tard population, and, consequently, the progress of arts, sciences, and manufac-tures. Witness the rapid growth and im-provements of the northern provinces compared with this. No one can deny that the more early settlement and the many superior advantages of our country would have invited multitudes of artifi-cers, mechanics, and all other useful members of society to fix their habitation among us, who have either remained in the place of their nativity, or preferred worse civil government and a more bar-ren soil where they might enjoy the rights of conscience more fully than they had a prospect of doing in this; from which we infer that Virginia might now have been the capital of America and a match for the British arms, without depending upon either for the necessaries of war, had it not been prevented by her religious es-tablishment." The famous bill of rights was adopted by the Virginia Convention this same year. Article XVI of that document de-clares: " That religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence; and therefore all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of con-science ; and that it is the mutual duty of all to practice Christian forbearance, love, and charity toward each other." This is an open, square declaration against all religious oppression and in favor of equal rights for all of every creed and of no creed. Commenting on Article XVI of the Virginia Bill of Rights, William Wirt Henry says: Š " At the date of the Virginia Bill of Rights, although more than one sect had claimed religious freedom, and an abso-lute divorce of church and state, no civil government had ever allowed the claim. Virginia led the way in incorporating into the very foundation of her govern-ment the principle upon which religious liberty is based, and in doing so, com- pleted the great Reformation commenced in the sixteenth century." These statements show that the basic principles of the Reformation are the to-tal separation of church and state, and the granting of religious liberty to all men. College Place, Wash. Is This Truly a Free Country ? " THIs country stands for impartial justice to all its citizens, regardless of race, creed, or color." But does it? Š In theory, yes; in practise, no. We have not yet consistently carried out to its logical .consequences this principle, according to which the state has to do with its citizens purely as citizens, and consequently with a church merely as an association of citi-zens and not as a church. The average American statesman is fully persuaded that this has been done. He is convinced that in this country church and state are so completely sepa-rated as utterly to preclude any possibil-ity of a conflict between the civil and ec-clesiastical powers. Such a thing might happen in France or in Portugal ; but in this country never. Having been writ-ten into the Constitution, it is finally and definitely settled for all time that church and state must be separate. And appre-hension of trouble on that score is there-fore too remote to he seriously consid-ered. The constant harping of some peo-ple on this one string is just a little too tiresome. Why can they not be satisfied to look up at the Constitution and sing, " My country, 'tis of thee "? This, I think, fairly represents the attitude on this question of most of our leading men in public life. Instead of frankly rec-ognizing the extreme difficulty, in a world composed of all peoples, of church and state mutually apportioning in peace the things which belong to God and the things which belong to Caesar ; instead of striving, by a watchful and consist-ent application of this divinely estab- 