LIBERTY  155 Amendment as originally introduced read, " The civil rights of none shall be abridged on account of religious belief, nor shall any national religion be estab-lished ; nor shall the full and equal rights of conscience be in any manner or on any pretext infringed." Mr. Sherman. at that time a member of Congress, said he thought the amendment altogether unnecessary, inasmuch as Congress hail no power delegated to it to make relig-ious establishments." Mr. Carroll said that " as the rights of conscience are in their nature of peculiar delicacy, and will little bear the gentlest touch of govern-mental hand," he was in favor of adopt-ing the amendment. See Annals of Congress, Volume I. In the course of the debate, Mr. Mad-ison gave as his prime reason why the amendment should be adopted, the fear that " one sect might obtain a preemi-nence, or two combine together and es-tablish a religion to which they would compel others to conform."Ñ Ib. These things show that it was deeply entrenched in the minds of those early statesmen that there should be no re-ligious coercion. It was their purpose to make an entire separation between church and state. Some years later Mr. Jeffer-son wrote, " I contemplate with sover-eign reverence that act of the whole American people which declared that their legislature should make no law re-specting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, thus building a wall 'of separation between church and state." As long as the First Amendment stands as a part of the na-tional Constitution, it will be a protest against all religious legislation. If our government should yield to the demands of so-called national reformers, and turn away from this guaranty of liberty, it would yield its most precious heritage and surrender its strongest bulwark. Another great American said, " Liberty, the greatest of all earthly blessings, give us that precious jewel and you may take everything else." College Place, Wash. A Layman's View of National Reformism DR. H. S. PETERS WHAT does National Reformism hope acted in the year 32! A. D. They did not to accomplish? Can we make laws that say it was our sabbath, or rest day, or shall reach a man's conscience? Is there the Roman sabbath, because they knew anything about our basic laws, or civil better,Ñ the same as they do now. It is polity, that recognizes anything about the same spirit that is behind the Sun-Christianity, or any other form of re-  day laws now that was behind them then, ligion? Do the National Reformers not only they proceed under a somewhat dif-know that this is a government without ferent nomenclature. a religion, and that religion exists with-  The religious organizations kept call- out state support? Do they not know ing their councils, and gathering their that all religions, all sects, and all creeds big men in conventions, until at last they stand upon the same equality and foun-  enmeshed the emperor, Constantine, in dation before the national Constitution? their church-and-state schemes. " They The seeking for laws to compel a flattered him into the persuasion that he stricter observance of Sunday, or any had a right to exercise an absolute su-other day,' as a day of worship will premacy over all the Christian commu-not make a man any holier or better. nities in the empire. The most extrav-Anciently they made him fear to act his agant panegyrics were lavished upon natural bent, therefore made a hypocrite him, and his unworthy adulators of him.  ascribed to him honors, and prerogatives Constantine's first Sunday law was en- of the Divinity. The office of preseri- 