JAMES CARDINAL GIBBONS In whose honor the Gibbons Memorial Hall was recently erected in Washington, D. C. A part of the work of erection was done on Sunday. Speaking of Sunday observance he says: "You may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line authorizing the sanctifi-cation of Sunday. The Scriptures enforce the religious ob-servance of Saturday, a day which we never sanctify."Š" Faith of Our Fathers," pages III, 112. 30 LIBERTY uals and on nations the direst calamities. The blessed virgin, in her apparition on Mount La Salette, told the shepherds, with tears in her eyes, that blasphemy and the profanation of Sunday are the two things that lend weight to the arm of her Son." In its tenth annual convention, held at Columbus, Ohio, Aug. 20-24, 1911, the American Federation of Catholic Soci-eties passed a strong resolution upon " Sunday observance," a portion of which reads : Š " Our societies in the various parts of the United States have been urging the abolition of Sunday labor, and have in-dorsed and assisted the movement of clo-sing the post-office on Sunday. Several of our larger cities now have a closed post-office on Sun-day." The federation also lodged a protest with the United States government, urging that the employees in the engineers' division of the Treasury Department be no longer asked to work on Sun-day. And in its eleventh ses-sion, held at Louisville, Ky., Aug. 18-21, 1912, the secre-tary reported thus on the Sun-day enforcement move-ment : Š " Our societies in many lo-calities are urging for a more rigid Sunday observance, and have encouraged the move-ment for a post-office closing on Sunday. They are also opposing the holding of po-litical rallies on the Lord's day. The Boston Archdio-cesan Federation has recently passed a resolution to intro-duce in the next Massachu-setts Legislature a bill re-questing the closing of liquor establishments on Good Fri-day." Following is the second of a series of three resolutions adopted by the Boston Arch-diocesan Federation of Cath-olic Societies following an address by Cardinal O'Con-nell : Š " 2. We are unalterably opposed to any relaxation of the Sunday laws. Sun-day is a day of rest to be devoted to the praise and service of God. We hold the safest public policy at present is to ad-here to the rigid observance of the laws now safeguarding the sanctity of the Lord's day."Š The Pilot, official organ 