PHILIP J. KELLER, MAYOR OF NIAGARA FALLS, N. Y. LIBERTY 117 experience in public or private business, that I am able to discover, which reflects unfavorably against the soundness of judgment of the six aldermen who op-posed the ordinance, as compared with that of the seven who supported it. One alderman who voted for the ordinance has stated openly that his vote was cast contrary to his better judgment, but was in obedience to a promise which he gave to his pastor at the beginning of the movement. I am satisfied that other aldermen who sup-ported the resolu-tion will at once concede that their official actions were influenced by their respective pastors, who ap-peared at various meetings of the council, and who, in most vehement appeals, denuncia-tions, and exhorta-tions, besought and demanded the enactment of the Sunday picture-closing law which they themselves had prepared. Undue Influence When we con-template the spiri-t u a 1 supervision which so many of our Christian peo-p 1 e acknowledge and yield to their priests and ministers, we can not escape the conclusion that the influence exerted by these clergymen, as above referred to, in connection with this ordinance, forced through the council what other-wise could never have been obtained from that body. It may be noted here, how-ever, that all the clergymen of the city are not united in this movement ; and it may be said also that one of the clergy-men who assumed to represent his con-gregation in favor of the ordinance, found eventually that only one of six of his officers agreed with him. But if that were all, I might not feel called upon to analyze or refer publicly to the methods employed in procuring the passage of this measure. Much more, enough more, in fact, to amount to ab-solute coercion, was done; and there is ample warrant for the assertion that the" sober discretion and free agency which the people assume are at work in their deliberative bodies, were absolutely thrown out of bal-ance. This condi-tion might and per-haps should have been publicly ex-pressed sooner, and before this agi-tation became so bitter. As to Political Corpses Some of t h e clergymen, and I believe the most influential among them, on several Sundays during which this particu-lar legislation was pending, devoted their sermons al-most entirely t o this ordinance ; and among other things, threatened, in clear, emphatic, and almost violent language, that, in the event that their ordinance was not made a law- of the city, our streets would be strewn with political corpses at the next election; that, before that time, public officials would be re-moved from office ; and, in one case, I am told, the preacher volunteered the opin-ion, in substance, that the mayor would veto the ordinance if only he dared to do so. Promises Made This ordinance was passed by the council on Monday night. Early Tues-day morning, long before the usual course of official business would bring the meas-ure before me, a committee of clergymen 