LIBERTY 45 " Gentlemen, I respect such a position as that." " So do I," said the San Francisco gentleman, " and, guide, I'll not take anything, if you please." The others joined in this, and no in-toxicant was taken by that company on that occasion. Takoma Park, D. C. America's Enormous Liquor Traffic THE magnitude of the liquor traffic, as a mere commercial enterprise, is sug-gested by the bald statistics of produc-tion of the various alcoholic beverages. So long ago as 1891 the consumption of intoxicating liquors in the United States rose to the billion-gallon mark. In 1896, the year covered by an important report of the United States Bureau of Statis-tics, the amount consumed was one bil-lion one hundred seventy million gallons. At that time, according to the official report, the total capital invested in the liquor interests in this country was nine hundred fifty-seven million dollars, of which fifty-nine per cent was represented in retail trade exclusively devoted to al-coholics, and an additional fifteen per cent in retail trade combined with other business. The total government revenue from alcoholic liquors for the year 1896 was more than one hundred eighty-three million dollars. There were 191,519 proprietors of es-tablishments interested in different forms of the liquor traffic, and their employees numbered 241,755 persons. Some of these were not exclusively occupied in dealing with alcoholics ; but an estimate was made of the number of persons that would be required for the traffic if so occupied. The aggregate was three hun-dred sixty-four thousand persons. If each one of these were supposed to maintain an average family of five, it follows that one million eight hundred thousand persons received their exclu-sive support from the liquor traffic.  This took no account of the individuals engaged in producing the materials from which alcoholic liquors are made, nor of those engaged in the transportation of these materials and of the finished products. If these were added, the total of persons supported by the liquor traffic in the United States in the year 1896 would doubtless include more than two million individuals. Since the time when these statistics were compiled, the liquor traffic has in-creased at an astounding rate. In the year 190o, according to the census re-port, the total consumption of liquor was in excess of one billion three hundred twenty-two million gallons. Three years later it rose above one billion six hun-dred million gallons. In 1900 the cap-ital invested in liquor manufacturing establishments was more than four hun-dred fifty-seven million dollars. The cost of materials used in these manu-factories ( farm products, etc.) was seventy million dollars, and the wholesale value of the product exceeded three hun-dred forty million dollars. Such figures are confusing Š in a sense, ineffective Š from their very magnitude. A realization of their im-port must, however, be gained by any one who hopes to have an intelligent comprehension of the liquor problem. Perhaps the facts of the case will be a little clearer if we interpret them in the light of what we have previously seen of the effects of alcohol. Let us, for ex-ample, recall the experiment with the printers, made by Professor Aschaffen-burg, in which experiment thirty-five grams of alcohol proved sufficient to de-crease markedly the working efficiency of the type-setters,Š the decrease amounting in one case to ten per cent. From this experiment we are justified in regarding thirty-five grams of alcohol as a quantity capable of producing a dis-tinctly harmful effect upon an average adult. Now, if we analyze the report of the United States census for 1900, we find that the seventeen and one-third gal-lons of intoxicating beverages credited 