STATUE OF THOMAS JEFFERSON, KNOXVILLE, TENN. LIBERTY  7 upon faith in truth? Take from man his belief in the triumph of that which is right, and he builds upon the sand. Give to man an abiding faith in the tri-umph of that which is true, and you give him the foundation of a moral character that can stand all reverses. It was this belief in the triumph of truth that made Jefferson favor free discussion, not only in reli-gion but in ev-erything ; a n d one of the vir-tues of Jeffer-son was that he w a s consistent in applying his principles wher-ever they could be applied, . . . no matter where those principles led him. The same doctrine that he applied to reli-gion he applied to the press, and I suppose no American Ñ certainly n o one who lived before the time of Andrew Jackson Ñ ever had more reason than Jefferson to find fault with the untrue utterances of the press. Yet so great was his faith in the triumph of the truth, and so will-ing was he to have error presented if truth could only be let free to combat it, that he was opposed to censorship of the press ; and I believe he gave expres-sion to the strongest eulogy of the press that any statesman has ever uttered, when he said that if he must choose be-tween a government without newspapers, and newspapers without a government, he would prefer to risk the newspapers without a government. That is, he said  that public opinion would measurably correct things if public opinion was left free, but that a government without the free expression of public opinion would soon become a despotism. In the preamble to the statute for re-ligious freedom, Jefferson put first that which I want to speak of last. It was that the regula-tion of the opin-ions of men on religious ques-tions by law was contrary to the laws of God and to the plans of God. He point-ed out that God had it in h i s power to con-trol man's mind and body, b u t that he did not see fit to coerce the mind or the body into obedi-ence to even the divine will ; and that if God him-self was not willing to use coercion to force man to accept certain religious views, man, un-inspired and li-able to error, ought not to use the means that Jehovah would not employ. Jefferson realized that our religion is a religion of love and not a religion of force. There has recently been published a little book called " The Jeffersonian Bible," and in the fore part of that book there is a letter, written by Jefferson in reply to an inquiry, in which he states his estimate of the teachings of Christ as compared with the philosophies of other religious teachers ; and he points out the superiority of the philosophy of the Nazarene, in that, while other philos-ophies deal with man's conduct, Christ's 