LIBERTY 181 " The manifest object of the men who framed the institutions of this country was . . . to take away every possible pretense which could be made by any human being to erect himself into a tribunal for the purpose of deciding matters supposed to be at issue between his fellow creatures and their God. They thought they had succeeded in guarding the rights of conscience so that no majority could ever invade them. They gave to bigotry no possible chance for thrusting herself into civil affairs without doing so in flat rebellion to the Constitution."Š Hon. Thomas C. McRae, Congressional Rec-ord, April 2, 1896. There is nowhere in the land any home so remote, so humble, that it may not contain the power of mind and heart and conscience to which nations yield and history submits its processes. Nature pays no tribute to aristoc-racy, subscribes to no creed of caste, renders fealty to no monarch or master of any name or kind. Genius is no snob. It does not run after titles or seek by preference the high  even, and its own life of adventure and of training. " Here is proof of it. This little hut was the cradle of one of the great sons of men, a man of singular, delightful, vital genius, who presently emerged upon the great stage of the nation's history; gaunt, shy, ungainly, but dominant and majestic; a natural ruler of men, himself inevitably the central figure of a great Copyright by Underwood & Underwood, New York THE LINCOLN MEMORIAL, HODGENVILLE, KY., INCLOSING THE HUMBLE CABIN IN WHICH ABRAHAM LINCOLN WAS BORN circles of society. It affects humble company as well as great. It pays no special tribute to universities or learned societies or conventional standards of greatness, but serenely chooses its own comrades, its own haunts, its own cradle  plot. No man can explain this, but every man can see how it demonstrates the vigor of de-mocracy, where every door is open, in every hamlet and countryside, in city and wilderness alike, for the ruler to emerge when he will and " The doctrine which from the very first origin of religious dissensions, has been held out by all bigots of all sects, when condensed into a few words, and stripped of rhetorical disguise, is simply this: I am in the right, you are in the wrong. When you are the stronger, you ought to tolerate me; for it is your duty to tolerate truth. But when I am the stronger, I shall persecute you; for it is my duty to persecute error." Š Essay on " Sir James Mackintosh, by Lord Macaulay. 