54 LIBERTY upon earth. When the Lord comes to establish his kingdom on earth, he will not find peace among the nations, but they will be engaged in fighting the bat-tle of Armageddon in the valley of Je-hoshaphat in the Turkish Empire in Asia. The nations will not be prepared to receive him as King of kings and Lord of lords, but, on the contrary, we are told in Sacred Writ that " the nations were angry." " And I saw the beast, and the  of God by the force of civil statutes, and to usher the kingdom of God into this world through the gateway of politics, are working on a plan that can only raise false hopes. This present world, with all its plans, is doomed, and all the na-tions of the earth are to be " broken to pieces together, and become like the chaff of the summer threshing floors." The Saviour told his disciples that there would be signs in the heavens SULTAN'S PALACE, AND MOSQUE WHERE HE WORSHIPS kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him." " And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations : and he shall rule them with a rod of iron : and he treadeth the wine-press of the fierceness and wrath of Al-mighty Gou." Rev. I I : 18; 19: 19, 15. Paul tells us that just before the Lord comes the second time to deliver his own, the world is being deceived by the false doctrines of " peace and safety." Thess. 5 : 3. The nations of this world will never cro,vn Christ as their king. Some of our so-called reformers who are trying to induct people into the kingdom  above and in the earth beneath whereby his followers were to know that his com-ing was " near, even at the doors." Matt. 24: 33. Extinction of Turkey a Bible Prediction The driving of the Turk out of Eu-rope was just to precede the battle of Armageddon, and at the termination of this battle the Lord was to smite the na-tions, dashing them " in pieces like a potter's vessel." Ps. 2: 9. It seems, ac-cording to human foresight, as if the European war was the prelude to the extinction of the Turkish Empire in Eu-rope. But according to the prophecy in 