LIBERTY 83 ing to the terms of this proposal, a citizen must satisfy the State authority that he " conscientiously keeps and observes " one day in the week as a sabbath, or he may be compelled to observe as a sabbath some other day selected by the State. Not only is such an act repugnant to the simplest idea of religious liberty, but it is also class legislation, inasmuch as it grants special privileges to a certain body of citizens, and makes their religious be-lief and practise a bar against prosecu-tion under a general statute. It should also be borne in mind that the right to make an exemption in favor of those who observe " any other day of the week " as a sabbath involves the right to withdraw such an exemption at will and to compel uniformity in the observance of the Sabbath. The only as- surance of religious liberty is found in the denial of the right to legislate upon the subject of the Sabbath, or any other subject in which religion is involved. To avoid legislation tending to restrict the religious freedom of its citizens, it would be a wise act on the part of the State of Ohio to adopt an amendment to its constitution which would prohibit any measure designed to protect and foster a religious institution, and which would confine the legislative enactments to civil matters. Such an amendment would be a credit to the State which adopted it, and would exercise an influence in favor of religious liberty in other States. We hope the proposal that we have considered will not be adopted by the constitutional convention of the State of Ohio. W. W. P. !V !V !V Rome Attacks the Sanctity of the Home The Religious Liberty of the Individual Involved in the Attack THE Roman Catholic hierarchy has re-vived and is attempting to put into force in all the world, an ancient decree known as the Ne temere decree, which strikes a most wicked blow at the sanctity of the home, the honor of parenthood, and the heritage of childhood. Already we begin to see the baleful results of the decree's operation in America, as the facts given in this article and the legal documents herewith reproduced will clearly demonstrate. According to the Ne temere decree the marriage of two Catholics before a jus-tice of the peace, or magistrate, or before a Protestant minister, is no marriage at all, and persons so married are held to be living in " foul concubinage," and all children born to them are illegitimate. - According to this decree, where two persons, a Catholic and a non,Catholic, are married before a magistrate or a Protestant minister, the marriage is null and void, the persons so married are liv- ing in " foul concubinage," and their off-spring are illegitimate. Thus by this decree every mixed mar-riage performed outside the Catholic Church is null and void, and all the chil-dren of such unions are illegitimate. This decree is recognized as being in full force only where it has been pro-mulgated. The German government has sufficient respect for its own laws and for the good name of its people to re-fuse to permit the decree to be published in Germany. Catholic Hungary's pro-test against the decree has secured an exemption for Hungarians. Neither is it regarded as binding upon Croatians, Slavonians, nor the inhabitants of Tran-sylvania and Fiume. But Great Britain and the United States do not enjoy such immunity. In these two dominantly Protestant nations the Roman Church tramples upon the marriage laws of the land, and defames the characters of both parents and children. Canada, more 