LIBERTY 93 every martyr's blood, speaking from the ground, pleads most eloquently that we maintain these principles at any cost, and keep church and state forever separate. The aim of these clamorers for reli-gious legislation was thus expressed by Rev. M. A. Galt, at one time a prom-inent National Reform worker : Š " Our remedy for all these malefic influences is to have the government simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority be-hind it, and lay its hands on any religion that does not conform to it." That was exactly what Rome did under a union of church and state. That was the reason the Waldenses fled to the mountain fastnesses of the Alps, and the Albigenses to the mountains of southern France. Here they were hunted like wild beasts, and put to the sword, be-cause they dared to worship God accord-ing to the dictates of their own con-sciences and contrary to the decrees of the established church. Shall we remain indifferent to the dan-gers that surround us, and fail to give the warning while these organizations, like so many submarines, are attacking the American ship of state? May this nation continue to be the home of the oppressed, the guardian of liberty, the land of the free, and the home of the brave. " Awake, Fair Liberty! She sleeps, she sleeps, fair Liberty. While Peace keeps watch from sea to sea , The bugle's blast, the cannon's roar, Resound through hill and vale no more. But hark to the voices that fill the air; She's never a Christian, though grand and fair. She sleeps, we'll bind her with creeds while slumbering there! The drums are still, the sabers rust, The slain have moldered back to dust, And Peace keeps watch from sea to sea; Awake! awake!. fair Liberty! 41 Awake! awake! fair Liberty! Behold the chains they forge for thee; The hammers click, the anvils ring, With link, and lock, and key, and spring. Their subtle amendments that seem so fair Are fetters for Conscience to groaning wear. Awake! for God, and home, and freedom's sake.  With speech, and song, and plaintive prayer, They're forging chains for thee to wear ; Ere friends, misguided, fetter thee, Awake! awake! fair Liberty! Beware! look back to ages when The state enforced the creeds of men; When Might rose up against the few, And sword and flame found conscience true. Thy Constitution proclaims to all The freedom to worship at conscience' call ; Away with the night! 'tis freedom's day. Good-by, good-by, to ages dead, When Church and State in crime were wed. When millions, true, for conscience bled; Good-by, good-by, to ages dead.". tV tV Cardinal Opposed to State-Wide Prohibition " BALTIMORE, February 22.- Cardinal Gib-bons in an interview today said 'I am strongly opposed to any State-wide prohibition bill, because I believe such a law cannot be enforced in a city like Baltimore. "'A law of this kind interferes with the per-sonal liberty and rights and creates hypocrisy in the people. The history of the world dem-onstrates that man always will use intoxicating liquors. " However, I am heartily in favor of tem-perance. I am also a firm believer in local option.' "Š Washington Herald, Feb. 23, 1916. It is safe to say that in all probability, if State-wide prohibition were adopted in Maryland, the law would not be en-forced in Baltimore, and that largely for the reason that Cardinal Gibbons's coreli-gionists would persist in violating it, and this in turn because the cardinal and his church would not throw their influence strongly in favor of the law. If the Catholic Church were to excommunicate saloon keepers and liquor dealers gener-ally, and demand the practice of total abstinence by its members, as many Prot-estant churches practically do, there would be little difficulty in enforcing the law either in Baltimore or in any other large city. And why not? for if a city or a county may justly adopt local prohibition, there is certainly no principle violated when a State adopts a similar measure. If it is wrong for a State to interfere with "per-sonal liberty " by adopting State-wide 