Washington Clergy Receive Deserved Censure THE National Hotel and Travel Gazette, published in Washington, had, in its is-sue of Feb. 17, 1919, an editorial on the Sunday law agitation movement which some of the clergymen of Washington are now carry-ing on. This editorial administers a stinging rebuke to those ministers who have assumed the role of " political' agitators and enter-tainers," and have lost out in the unequal game of competition. This editorial does not apply to the clergyman who preaches the un-adulterated gospel and makes converts by gos-pel means. It applies only to those ministers who have steered far from their heavenly mis-sion and gospel moorings, and have entered the realm of civil force in religious concerns. These clergymen are doing their cause a tre-mendous injury by attempting to drive people into their churches by questionable means, in-stead of winning them one by one as Christ did. Let them ponder well the truthfulness of the Gazette editorial, which follows, and retire from the political field: " Competition is the life of trade. There is no businesa or profession free from competi-tion. It affects the clergy just as it does the theater, and we have keen competition between them here in the national capital.. The clergy has always claimed a monopoly on the first day of the week, and sought by precept and by law to prevent competition for the patronage of the people on that day set apart by divine command for rest from labor. The clergy of old England and of New England invoked the law to compel the people to attend church and listen to long and tiresome sermons on the day of rest. The clergy of Washington have reached the same position. They want a law to close every other form of entertainment, and give them a monopoly on the day of rest. They have tried competition and complain that they are beaten, that 50,000 people attend the theaters and movies and only 7,000 attend the church services. Some of the clergy have advertised as liberally and as sensationally as have the most sensational movies, and had their ads. on the same page with those of the movies. They have suggested sensational headlines, like, ' Thousands of Girls Smoke,' John Barley-corn Takes the Count,' The Bolsheviki Mutts,' and kindred appeals for audiences, just as do the press agents of the movies. They have entered into competition with the movies, adopted the methods of the movies in-stead of holding their calling in respect as representing something sacred to the mind of all men whatever their convictions, and having lost in this competition for the sensational, they appeal to Congress to pass a law that will give them a monopoly on the day. " The pity of this appeal is that it does not represent the ministers who are eoatent to preach Christ and his love, and work in season and out of season for the betterment of man-kind by inspiring hope and faith. It comes from those of the clergy who make their calling simply a profession and have no other idea of it than that they are political agitators and entertainers. They adopt the methods of the soap-box preachers, and complain when they are not equal in the competition. They preach about everything that can be suggested save God and his mercy, and they want law to com-pel the people to patronize them or give them a monopoly on one day in the week by closing .up every other place of entertainment. " The clergy of Washington are not as con-sistent as were those of Puritan days, when there was no pretense of entertainment in a sermon with the wrath of God toward 'a sinful world held up to the congregation called to confession of their sins and repentance. The Puritan preachers did not allow entertainment of any kind on Sunday; but the clergy of today make their sermons as secular and as sensa-tional as a political speech or a play, and it is simply a question of what kind of entertain-ment shall be permitted by law. Shall the country people be permitted to spoon in the jit-Trey on the way to the camp-meeting or the Chautauqua, and the city youth be denied the privilege of walking quietly to the theater to see a play like The Old Homestead,' which preaches a sermon of purity and simplicity in every linet Really, the Washington clergymen who have imitated the movies and tried to compete with them, are making the whole clergy somewhat ridiculous in their appeal to Congress to pass a law to give them a monopoly on Sun-day entertainments. They ought to get back to religious teachings before they ask for a law to stop the desecration of the Sabbath with secular amusements." Slt 1ti tV Wanted Š Men ! ARISTIDES spoke for other times than his own when he said that " neither walls nor theaters nor senseless equipage can make a state, but men who are able to rely upon themselves; " those " who know their duties, know their rights, and knowing, dare maintain." Surely we are needing now a generation that can think of duties owed as well as privileges to be en-joyed. After all, it is the plain, everyday fellow, having the saving gift of common sense, who counts for most.Š American Freemason. tV THE people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.Š Burke. 48 