LIBERTY 37 employers do not regard the interests of their employees as they should. It would be a happy condition indeed if such em-ployers would undergo a change of heart so as not to consider their own interests to the exclusion of the welfare of their workmen. On the other hand, It is to be hoped that in the matter of the enforce-ment of Sunday rest the unions will not consider only what they may think is for their own interests, to the exclusion of the rights of others. At present, none are compelled to labor; but, on the con-trary, they are protected from such com-pulsion, by the thirteenth amendment to the Constitution, which says : " Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the people have been duly convicted, shall ex-ist in the United States or in any place subject to their jurisdiction." Legitimate Legislation As the laboring man is not compelled to work, neither should he be compelled to rest. If greedy corporations are re-quiring their employees to labor inces-santly or beyond a proper limit of en-durance, there should be some form of legislation limiting their demands of their workmen. By passing measures to control corporations in this matter, the state would be operating in its proper sphere. On the other hand, the state act-ing within its proper sphere can not abridge the rights of its citizens. Every man has a right to rest or not to rest at such periods as he may deem best. The natural time for rest is determined by the curtain of night and also by the physical needs of man. Relief might come in most States by the state determining how many hours should constitute a day's labor. The gov-ernment can as properly decide this ques-tion as that of correct weights and meas-ures, or as our cities can pass measures in regard to the question of sanitation for the protection of its citizens. There is a difference between the state saying how many hours' work shall constitute a day's work and saying that labor on a certain  day is a crime. If a man should labor more than the number of hours desig-nated by the state as a proper period for work, the responsibility of such an act would rest on himself, but he should not be considered by the state as a criminal. On the other hand, when the state deter-mines the number of hours' work that employers can demand of their employees as a day's work, they prevent corpora-tions from requiring their employees to labor beyond their strength. " There are six days in which men ought to work." But the apostle Paul teaches that every man should be left free to decide how he should regard days, or whether he should regard them at all. See Rom. 14 : 5. He should regard them, not as the state may direct or individuals determine, but he should "be fully per-suaded in his own mind." Then the ques-tion of days and how they should be regarded is left to each individual to de-cide for himself. College View, Neb. The Sabbath and the Civil Power H. W. COTTRELL SABBATH-KEEPING is an act of wor-ship, and due to be rendered not to civil government, but to God. Civil govern-ment can not enforce true worship, be-cause true worship is spiritual. Sunday laws are enacted to establish a Sabbath. Sabbath legislation is religious legisla-tion, and religious legislation is an un-lawful union of church and state, and is a carnal invasion of the inherent rights of all men, whether they are Christians or whether they are not,Š an intrench-ment upon the rights of the non-Chris-tian, because it is intended to compel him to act one day in seven 'as if he were a Christian, when he is not ; an in-vasion of the rights of all Christians who observe the seventh-day Sabbath ; an in-vasion of the natural rights of every man, whatever his belief. It will doubtless be conceded, by both 