LIBERTY 35 ards; for if liberty is denied him, how long will it be conceded to us? To demand liberty for the other man, even when he differs from us, is not to admit that truth and error are essentially one, nor to deny that it is of great conse-quence what the other man believes and teaches. It may be our duty to oppose with all our might what he teaches, to denounce it as deadly error. But this may be done without identifying the man with what he teaches, and without the display of the spirit of intolerance and persecution. We need not try to make the man odious be-cause his opinion is odious to us. To be loyal to the truth, and yet faithfully to recognise the equal rights of all men to free thought and free speech, is not always an easy task. The two, however, may be combined. And nothing can be more cer-tain than that the preservation of Chris-tian liberty for any is conditioned on the concession of that liberty for all.Š New York Examiner. A Test Case in the District of Columbia W. A. COLCORD AMID the wide-spread agitation now on throughout the country for Sunday enforce- dug up, and a test case under it has just been tried in the courts of the District. Upon complaint of Gen. John M. Wilson, Charles Robinson, a driver for J. H. Houser, the District Contractor, was arraigned in the Washington police court, July 31, 1907, upon the charge of having hauled dirt on Massachusetts Avenue, on Sunday, July 21, in violation of the law referred to. This law is Section 10 of an act passed by the Maryland legislature in 1723, entitled "An Act to punish blasphemers, swearers, drunk-ards, and Sabbath-breakers." Section 1 of this act provides,Š " That if any person shall hereafter, within this province, wittingly, maliciously, and advisedly, by writing or speaking, blaspheme or curse God, or \deny our Sav-iour Jesus Christ to be the Son of God, or shall deny the Holy Trinity, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, or the Godhead of any of the three Persons, or the unity of the Godhead,, or shall utter any profane words concerning the Holy Trinity, or any of the Persons thereof, and shall be thereof convict by verdict, or confession, shall, for the first offense, be bored through the tongue and fined twenty pounds sterling to the lord proprietor, to be applied to the use of the country where the offense shall be committed, to be levied on the offender's body, goods and chattels, land or tenements, and in case the said fine can not be levied, the of-fender to suffer six months' im-prisonment with-out bail or main-prise; and that for the second offense, the of-fender being thereof convict as aforesaid, shall be stigma-tized by burning in the forehead with the letter B and fined forty pounds sterling to the lord pro-prietor, to be applied and levied as afore-said, and in case the same can not be levied, the offender shall suffer twelve months' im-prisonment without bail or mainprise; and that for the third offense, the offender being DISTRICT COURT-HOUSE, WASHINGTON, D. C. ment, it is interesting to note that the old Maryland Sunday law of 1723,Š incor-porated by act of Congress in i8or, along with other Maryland laws, as a part of the laws of the District of Columbia,Š has been 