LIBERTY Religion neither can nor should be maintained by governments nor made a political institution. Religion is born of faith and of the conscience, and faith and conscience alone should nourish it. Š Francesco Crispi, ex-Prime Minister of Italy. Quoted in the American Advocate, April, 1899, page 152. Our legislators may do our country an inestimable service in providing for the protection of liberty if they will refuse to entertain any legislation that would involve religion or religious opinions. There is principle and precedent for such  a position. The Word of God counsels all to render unto God the things that are God's; and our Constitution forbids Congress to make any law prohibiting the free exercise of religion. Washington, D. C. Sunday Law Enforcement in Tennessee C. P. BOLL MAN SOME years ago the State of Tennessee gained an unenviable notoriety because of a large number of Sunday cases, nearly all against observers of the sev-enth day of the week. The Declaration of Rights of that State provides: - SECTION 3.Š That all men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience; that no man can, of right, be com-pelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or to maintain any minister against his consent; that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no pref-erence shall ever be given by law to any re-ligious establishment or mode of worship. Naturally, observers of the seventh day.  feel that under this section of the Decla-ration of Rights they have equal right,  with the observers of the first day, and that to require them to observe Sunday is directly to tax them one sixth of their God-given working time, in the interest, of that form or phase of religious wor-ship of which Sunday observance is an essential part. Though the decision,  of the courts of Ten-nessee have been against the view urged by the Adventists, the evident sentiment of the people did not support the en-forcement of the stat-ute against a class in a manner and under cir-cumstances that made it apparent that it was not civil law enforcement but religious persecu-tion, and so for several years there were almost no such cases. But a few months ago five men living about sevenŁ miles north of Goodlettsville were in-dicted, charged with violating the State Sunday law. The trial was set for Jan-uary 3, and of course we cannot report the outcome, though of that there can be little doubt. About the only defense is to plead the guaranty of the Declaration of In this chapel was established in 1685, by order of the king, the worship of the Church of England, despite the opposition of the colonial authorities. 