6 LIBERTY world ; and as long as men do not admit him and his teaching into their personal experience, the dove of peace will return without the olive branch. Any one who says that man can change his own carnal nature and unregenerate heart, or who teaches that man without this spiritual change can suffer wrongfully without re-sentment or revenge, is ignoring the evi-dence of all the history of the past. Nations Will Never Crown Christ We are assured in Holy Writ that when the Lord comes the sec-ond time, he will not find peace on the earth. The na-tions, we are told, will be en-gaged in fight-ing the battle of Armageddon in the Valley of Je-hoshaphat, near old Jerusalem The nations will not be prepared to crown Christ as their King; for they will be " angry," and their armies will be " gathered together to make war against him." The nations of earth, the divine Record affirms, will go down before the Lord of heaven in a universal crash. Instead of peace among the nations, there will be strife and destruction. This present evil world, with all its human plans and promises of peace, is awaiting the day of doom. Well may the inhabitants of earth trem-ble as they see the great day approaching, and realize that God and heaven, time and eternity, speak with one voice, teach-ing the same truth, and offering only one hope of salvation for man. The Divine Outlook Human events are moving in the direc-tion of the world's destined goal. The nations have passed nearly all the way-marks divinely outlined along the way. The weary and lonely pilgrim on earth can count his journey almost ended. He  can in faith lift up his head to heaven, and brave the fury of the coming storm. You ask : After the war Š what? The answer is : A smoldering calm, and then another storm Š a storm which will make the present war look like a summer shower Š a storm that will involve all the civilized world in a universal catas-trophe which can be adjusted finally only before the peace tribunal of the Lord God Almighty. The battle of Armaged-don, involving every nation under heaven, will close the drama of hu-man history. Armageddon Still Future The battle of Armageddon is still in the fu-ture, and when it comes, it will sound the death knell of earthly principaliti e s and potentates; it will prepare the way for deliverance of the redeemed and regenerated of all na-tions in all ages, and usher in the glori-ous reign of the Prince of Peace. This will be God's final move to rescue a help-less world from self-destruction and utter ruin. Out of the world holocaust will arise a new world, where all men will be free and eternally happy, never again to taste the pangs of sorrow, pain, and death. The supreme question of all questions is, Are we seeking after the fleeting van-ities of time? or are we making first things first, and living for God and eter-nity ? The divine exhortation comes roll-ing down the centuries in thunder tones : " Prepare to meet thy God." This journal is set for the defense of the fundamental principles of civil and religious liberty. For this reason it op-poses every form of union between the church and the state, or as it is sometimes styled, " religion and the state." " ADVANCE in civilization will not neces-sarily mean the advent of an era of per-petual peace; war will remain as long as evil and injustice continue. We should be-lieve in the abolition of war only if we believed that some day no criminals will be left and that all the prisons will be closed, and that some day sincere differ-ences of opinion in matters of principle will be impossible."Š Lecture No. 7, on the Amicable Settlement of Disputes, by Rear-Admiral Charles Stockton, LL.D., president of George Washington University. 