Shall Ecclesiastical Laws or Civil Laws Be Enforced in Washington, D. C.? C. E. HOLIVIE:,  THE city of Washington, D. C., is now in the midst of a battle over the question of permitting public games and amuse-ments on Sunday. While I am not in-terested in the matter of public sports or theatricals, the enforcement of a reli-gious practice by civil law I believe to he a matter of public concern. The issue was drawn when the District Commissioners refused to grant a license for a Sunday ball game in a local park. The manager of the ball grounds secured a writ of injunction against the com-missioners, and the game was played without further interference. The trial was appointed for May 22. The District Court rendered its deci-sion on that date, declaring that the com-missioners had no authority to enact general Sunday laws. In handing down the opinion of the court, Justice Gould said The situation in the District of Co-lumbia in reference to its government is unique. I know of no other community placed in the same situation. The Con-stitution of the United States in its most explicit terms vests all legislative power over the District of Columbia in Con-gress. A very interesting question is how far Congress can delegate power conferred by the Constitution to any per-son or body outside of Congress itself. " I am very firm in the opinion that the language used in the joint resolution cannot be construed to apply to the gen-eral laws regarding Sunday labor. Is it not better that when we have a Sunday law, it be passed by the body which has legislative authority ? I find no power granted broad enough to cover 'the act of the commissioners in enacting this regulation. The joint resolution of 1892 says the commissioners are authorized to make all such reasonable and usual po-lice regulations. " I cannot believe that this ordinance 122  which we are now considering is reason-able. It is an offense against the Four-teenth Amendment of the Constitution in that it is unreasonable. I am not criti-cizing the commissioners in attempting to enforce it; they did their duty until it was up to the courts or Congress to construe otherwise. I will continue the injunction and issue a mandamus, if nec-essary, for the issuance of the license... In this judgment, the justice, strikes a very telling blow at the character of the regulation under consideration. He says that the ordinance forbidding games is not reasonable. " It is an offense against the Fourteenth Amendment of the Con-stitution in that it is unreasonable." The justice evidently believes that it inter-feres with personal liberty. It was immediately reported by Mr. Syme, counselor for the commissioners. that the case would be carried to the Dis-trict Court of Appeals. Should the deci-sion of the lower court be upheld, the commissioners will then petition Con-gress to pass a law giving them power to prohibit Sunday amusements. No sooner did it become known that there was a possibility that the prohibi-tions now surrounding Sunday would be invalidated than the various churches in the District began a campaign against it. Almost without exception all the argu-ments produced were of a religious char-acter. " There can be no possible excuse for baseball here on Sunday, and I see no reason why the national capital cannot lead all other cities in the country in re-spect to strict Sunday observance," says one pastor. Another objects because " baseball on Sunday tends to interfere with the proper observance of the Sab-bath." It is also claimed that " attendance at divine service cannot be properly ob-tained." A report in this connection that 