ABRAHAM LINCOLN " He who molds public sentiment goes deeper than he who enacts statutes or pronounces de-cisions " g 53 LIBERTY 21 dismisses the great subject of Protestant-ism thus : Š In order to show that Protestantism is a false religion, or rather no religion at all, it will be sufficient simply to bear in mind: (I) That it was established by four great libertines; (a) that it owes its origin to the love of honors, covetousness of the goods of others, and the love of sensual pleasures, three things forbidden by the gospel; (3) that it permits you to believe whatever you please and to do whatever you believe; (4) that it has caused immense evils, deluged Germany, France, Switzerland, and Eng-land with blood; it leads to impiety, and finally to indifference, the source of all revolutions past and future. We must, therefore, be. on our guard against those who preach it, and cherish a horror for the books which disseminate it. It would, indeed, be difficult to pack more misrepresentations into one para-graph of so-called " history." Recall, for a moment, the terrible persecu-tions and wars caused by the Pa-pacy-inspired I n - quisition during the Dark Ages. Think of the mil-lions of innocent, inoffensive, and in-dustrious Protes-tants slaughtered by Rome in Italy, France, Holland, and elsewhere. As to Protes-tantism having deluged Europe with blood, Gen-eral Lafayette ex-pressed the truth of the matter in a letter written about the year 1824 to Rev. P. I. Van Pelt, an eminent Dutch Reformed clergyman. He said:Š "It is my opinion that if the liberties of this country Š the United States of America Š are destroyed, it will be by the subtlety of the Roman Catholic Jesuit priests, for they are the most crafty, dangerous enemies to civil and religious liberty. They have instigated most of the wars in Europe." (Quoted in letter  to Prof. Samuel F. B. Morse, inventor of the electric telegraph. See Amer-ican and Foreign Christian Union for July, August, and October, 1855.) The Franco-Prussian War of 1870 is but one of the many modern wars caused by the Papacy. See Mr. Bolton King's " His-tory of United Italy," William Arthur's " The Pope, the Kings, and the People " (London: Hodder & Stoughton), or " The Programme of the Jesuits," by W. Blair Neatby, in which the author refers to this sanguinary struggle as " a mighty convulsion which was, after all, but an incident in the great drama of Vaticanism." He further states that " the Jesuits, who brought France to the verge of ruin in 187o, seemed on the very point of completing their work of de-struction a year or two since ; and he would be a very bold man who would dare to say that the peril had passed even yet." ŠPreface, page 5. A third text-book, written by Bishop Gilmour, of Cleve-land, is entitled "A Bible History for the Use of Cath-olic Schools in the United States." Among the several recommenda-tions in the fore-part of this work is one from Pope Leo XIII. The following statement, found on page 298, is worthy of note for its glaring misstatement of facts : Š To Catholics is due the discovery of nearly all the valuable inventions we have. Carefully examined, it will be seen that with the exception of the steam-engine and the railroad, little that is really new has been discovered except by Catholics. These statements are so far removed from the truth that even a tyro in scien-tific knowledge would be able to refute them. The warfare of science has al- 