LIBERTY 33 stated in the National Review article by Miss Irby, Miraglia made the promise " knowing full well that if he gave ex-pression to his real convictions he would be prevented from preaching; permission was therefore granted, and the sermon was delivered in the Church of the Si-cilians in Rome." Struck by his great eloquence at the funeral of Monsignor Carini, a gentleman from Piacenza asked him if he would go to that citadel of the Jesuits and preach to the people. Miraglia con-sented to preach there during the month of May. As stated in the Review of Reviews: " From the outset he highly displeased the bishop, the chapter, and the clergy, and pleased very much the people. For two weeks he was sub-jected to every sort of insult by the other priests, till at the end of the month he denounced the priests there present as vilifiers of his character, and added, ' The subject of my last sermon will be Giro-lamo Savonarola.' " Although his May sermons were sup-posed to be delivered in honor of Mary, "Miraglia preached from the Bible," and " upheld the Son of Mary rather than Mary herself." He appealed to the hearts and consciences of the people, and urged on them repentance and a right-eous life. " Within a few days after his arrival," continues Rebotier, " anony-mous letters threatened him and hurled at him the title of heretic. For a time he bore them in silence, but the day arrived when he must speak; for he knew from what quarter they came. Mounting the pulpit, he charged the clergy in the church with having written them, and with their cowardice in not attacking him openly instead. Then, appealing to his congregation, he cried out, ' Look into the faces of the priests amongst you, and you will see their guilt.' As he uttered the words, the priests in the church rose . and fled. More than one of the letters he received at this time contained objects suggestive of a violent death." His sermon on Girolamo Savonarola was the last delivered within the pale of  the Roman Church. " The May mission came to an end, and every church in Pia-cenza was closed against him by the bish-op's orders, although there had been no definite charge of heresy. . . . The peo-ple took the theater and filled it from top to floor. . . . At length a room in an old palazzo was given him, through the kindness of its proprietor, which he opened for religious and other lectures, calling it the Hall of Girolamo Savona-rola. It was quickly crowded, and on Jan. 31, 1896, it was formally opened as a church." " The sentence of excommunication went forth against him, which raised a fresh burst of enthusiasm; the wall was thrown down at the back by the owner's permission, and another room added, men and women working together at the task. That evening many sat on the bricks and mortar to listen to the preacher; for there had been no time to remove the rubbish. Again, another sen-tence of excommunication went forth, and again a burst of enthusiasm was evoked, another wall was pulled down, a third room thrown in, thus making the church large enough to contain about one thousand people." " I was forced to feel a great respect for this man," said Rev. R. J. Nevin, D. D., of the American Episcopal Church at Rome, " brave enough to stand. for Christ's teachings as he has done, alone, and working literally day and night, preaching daily and editing a newspaper too (the Savonarola), in his supreme struggle against the overwhelming cler-ical power that is using all its power to crush him."Š The Churchman, Oct. 3, 1896. In a letter to Dr. Nevin, dated Sept. 14, 1896, Miraglia said : " In every way I am full of courage, since, without pos-sessing a penny, I feel myself the richest man in the world, because I feel su-premely an unbounded faith in the Di-vine Providence. . . . Yesterday five hundred copies of Martin's New Tes-tament came to hand. I immediately distributed them, and I have this consola- 