126 LIBERT Y THE Journal and Tribune (August 12) of Knoxville, Tenn., under the caption " Commend Sunday Farm Work," pub-lished the following interesting news item : " Judges in Tennessee have refused to punish persons accused of work on farms on Sundays, but have commended them for so doing. This was reported to the department of agriculture's recent farm labor conference in Birmingham, Ala. Not long ago the rural churches of Indiana, in a conference at Purdue University, took the position that it is quite right and proper to do farm work on Sunday if that Sunday work is nec-essary to produce food crops to help whip Germany." IN a lengthy statement, the attorney of Virginia's Commonwealth, George E. Wise, indicted Mayor Ainslie for not closing up all business places in Rich-mond on Sunday. The Methodist min-isters of Richmond are backing up At-torney Wise, and condemning the mayor because he refused to close " especially the confectionery stores, soda fountains, cigar stands, etc.," on Sundays. THE Los Angeles. (Cal.) Times, July 13, 1918, states that the Southern Cali-fornia Grand Knights of Columbus took action to have J. Robert O'Connor, United States District Attorney, removed. " from office on the allegation that he tacitly permitted the circulating of a pa-per opposed to their faith." We concede the right to the Government to stop the circulation of any documents which are opposed to the war in war time, but we are not yet quite prepared to concede that right to the Knights of Columbus. They are not the Government. THE Episcopal Church in the diocese of Washington (D. C.) recently sent a committee of clergymen to President Wilson " to invoke his influence to secure the enactment of a Sunday law for the District of Columbia as shall make the national capital an example to the whole country of a reverent regard for the day of rest." Tt is very difficult for some cler- gymen simply to preach the gospel, and not mix religion with politics. MEMBERS of the Reading (Pa.) Minis-terial Association Committee on Sunday Observance recently called on Mayor Fil-bert and lodged " a protest with him against his action in giving official sanc-tion to Sunday baseball games at Lauer's Park." The Reading Eagle states that at the end of an hour's conference, in a very heated discussion the mayor " in-formed the clergymen that he would ad-here to his original decision." It seems strange that clergymen should get into heated discussions with civil officers in America, because they refuse to enforce a religious dogma. Such scenes are un-becoming in a government where exists a total separation of church and state. AT the recent Quadrennial Convention of the International Sunday School As-sociation, held at Buffalo, Professor Athearn, professor of religious instruc-tion at the Boston University, read a very interesting paper on the subject of Chris-tian education. He has the right con-eeption of a true democracy, which so few Christian reformers seem to have. The essence of Professor Athearn's plan is contained in this utterance : " We can-not maintain a Christian democracy un-less we maintain a system of efficient Christian schools. The price of our re-ligious liberty is the sum required for the building of a system of church schools, which will parallel our system of public schools and be equally efficient. We do not have in this country a system of pub-lic education ; we have only a system of public schools, but this system of schools does not work with the whole child. It is but half an educational arch. We must complete the arch by building a system of church schools, closely co-or-dinated with the public schools. These two systems of schools Š one supported by the state, with secular leadership, the other supported by the church, with re-ligious leadership Š will form the only system of education that a country can have, in which the church and state are 