LIBERTY 13 of the land made their demands upon the lawmaking bodies, and had their wishes crystal-lized into statutes, as if a nation is a moral being, it must be a keeper of the moral law. As it can operate only through its citizens, it must then compel its citizens to keep the moral law. But that means the enforcement of religion by law under penalties, a thing which in actuality is impossible and in the attempt iniquitous and sacrilegious. lighten it. It will be found that the contents are as black as the surrounding blackness of the room. the Federal Council of Churches is seek-ing to have done in the United States. It seems as if it must have been by divine interposition that these concrete exam-ples of the working of the two systems were laid before the attention of Amer-icans just at this time, when a federated and power-coveting church is 'demand-ing a national religion. Mixing Religion and Politics A WRITER in the Chicago Tribune of recent date says: Š You hear a lot of people say that you mustn't mix religion and politics. I've been noticing things for a good many years, and I've never seen any brand of politics that wouldn't be improved by mixing a little religion with it. Religion, to be of any worth at all, must be real and indivisible. One either has it or he doesn't have it. He who at-tempts to mix some religion and some politics will find in the end that he has some politics and no religion. The at-tempt to mix a little religion with pol-itics is a most thankless and profitless task. This is not saying that it would not be a good thing for all men to have religion. It would. But he who takes a little religion to put with his politics is simply using a sacred and divine grace to help him achieve a purely selfish and worldly end. Let religion, true, and full, and untrammeled, enter the lives of all, to sweeten and purify and ennoble, and fit them for the better life. But to " mix a little religion with politics " is like at- tempting to bottle a little sunshine and carry it into a win-dowless room to He only has re igion in truth who has opened every window of his soul to the sunlight of heaven, who has yielded him-self completely to the control of the Just One ; and when he has done that, he will find politics so uncongenial that he can no more stay in it than a tree can refuse to bud and blossom when the sun and rain have had their way with it. The Idaho Sunday Law A "Model" Law ONE of the latest States, if not the latest, to pass a law enforcing the ob-servance of Sunday, is Idaho. March 14, 1907, the legislature of this State passed a law which has been styled by its chief promoters a " model " Sunday law. In it, they assert, are combined " the best elements of forty other State Sunday laws." It ought, therefore, to be a most excellent law, if there is any virtue or excellence in such laws at all, and worthy of a careful and critical examination. The Law Examined This law consists of six sections, sec-tions 6823-6828 of the revised code of 1908. The first section declares that " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, is hereby set apart as a day of public rest." The second section provides for the compulsory suspension of business and trade, with certain exceptions, and reads as follows : Š Business to Be Sus-be unlawful for any person or persons in this State to keep open on Sunday for the purpose of any business, trade, or Section 6824. pended. It shall Jesus Christ commissioned his follow-ers to teach and baptize individuals, not governments. There is a heaven for saved individuals, but none for " saved " governments. 