24 LIBERTY first day of the week. The true principle is laid down by Mr. Chief Justice Terry in his opinion rendered in " ex-Parte New-man," the case already referred to: " In a community composed of persons of various religious denominations, having different days of worship, each considering his own as sacred from secular employment, all being equally considered and protected under the Constitution, a law is passed which in effect recognizes the sacred char-acter of one of these days by compelling all others to abstain from secular employ-ment, which is precisely one of the modes in which its observance is manifested and required by the creed of that sect to which it belongs as the sabbath. Is not this a distinction in favor of the one? Does it require more than an appeal to one's com-mon sense to decide that this is a prefer-ence, and when the Jew or seventh-day Christian complains of this, is it any an-swer to say, ' Your conscience is not con-strained; you are not compelled to worship or perform religious rites on that day, nor forbidden to keep holy the day which you esteem as the Sabbath ? ' We think not, however high the authority which decides otherwise. When our liberties were ac-quired, our republican form of government adopted, and our Constitution framed, we deemed that we had attained not only tol-eration, but religious liberty in its largest sense,Š a complete separation between church and state, and a perfect equality without distinction betweenŁ all religious sects." Neither would such legislation be justi-fied even if an exemption clause should be inserted in favor of those who observe an-other day. The right to enact a law with an exemption clause involves the right to enact a law without an exemption clause. We deny the right to make such a law, either with or without an exemption clause, as being contrary to the principle of relig-ious liberty and to the spirit and letter of the Constitution. Conclusions From the considerations which we have presented, and the authorities which have been cited, the following conclusions may be properly drawn: Š 1. All legislation requiring cessation of labor or amusements, or both, on the first day of the week, is religious legislation. 2. All such legislation being religious legislation, is contrary both in spirit and in letter to the first amendment to the Consti-tution. 3. All such legislation infringes upon the religious liberty of all classes of men, not only of those who observe another day and those who observe no day whatever, but as well of those whose present religious sen-timents lead them to the voluntary observ-ance of the first day of the week as a day of rest and worship 4. All such legislation is outside the proper sphere of civil government, whose duty it is to protect all its citizens in the exercise of their religious belief, so long as in so doing they do not interfere with the equal rights of others, or,  in their refusal to exercise a religious belief, and not to favor any religion or any sect of any re-ligion. 5. All such legislation constitutes a de-cision of a religious controversy, and if enforced, leads to religious persecution. 6. All such legislation is based upon re-ligious consideration, and can not be jus-tified upon civil grounds. 7. All such legislation is in effect a union of church and state, and is therefore both un-American and unchristian. For these reasons, we are opposed to the bill now before us or to any other bill de-signed to require the observance of any religious institution whatsoever, and this opposition we make, not as anarchists, athe-ists, infidels, or secularists, but as Chris-tian citizens, who stand upon the original Protestant ground that there should be no intrusion of the civil magistrate in mat-ters of faith, and who believe that the interests of both church and state, or of religion and government, will be best con-served by their complete separation. Religious Liberty in Newfoundland [A correspondent of The Evening Tel-egram (St. John's, Newfoundland), who signs himself " Fair Play," writes a letter dated March 3o, 1908, treating of the work of the Lord's Day Alliance of Canada. From this letter the following extracts are taken.Š ED.] " WHAT the people of Newfoundland want to know is, What are the aims and objects of the Lord's Day Alliance? Is it for the betterment of the country and the people 