Congress and Pending Sunday Legislation By the Editor WILL the present Congress ignore the wise precedents of the past, and enter upon the disastrous path of religious legislation ? or will it refuse to enact Sunday laws for the ter-ritory over which it has jurisdiction, as its predecessors have done ? This is an important question which Congress will be called upon to answer during the sec-ond session of the Sixty-fifth Congress. This is not a new matter before our national representatives. Strong religious organizations have besieged Congress ever since the founding of the American Republic, to get the lawmaking body to submit for ratification a Constitutional amendment which would make an ex-plicit acknowledgment of God, of Christ and the Christian religion. One attempt after another has been made by religious organizations representing certain Chris-tian sects, to obtain from Congress a legal recognition of their peculiar religious dogmas and institutions. More than one hundred fifty compul-sory Sunday bills have been introduced in Congress during the past four decades; but Congress has been true to the Amer-ican principles of civil government, and thus far has steadfastly and consistently refused to enact this kind of legislation. Today there is not a single Federal Sun-day law upon the statute books for any of the territory over which the Federal Government has exclusive jurisdiction. The First Amendment to the Constitution expressly denies to Congress the power to enact any religious law, or to interfere 8  with the free exercise of religious rights. Notwithstanding the fact that Con-gress is Constitutionally prohibited from enacting religious legislation, and from the beginning to the present day has per-sistently refused to enact Sunday laws for its territorial domain, yet a number of the religious societies of certain churches in America, who had their ori-gin in Europe, where they have a union of church and state, have just as per-sistently endeavored to get Congress com-mitted to the subject of such compul-sory legislation. Religious organizations whose creeds were formulated in Europe, have been the instigators of practically every Sunday measure that has been in-troduced in Congress. They even boldly declare, through their official organs, that they are the motive power back of these measures; and they openly lay claim to these bills as their own. At the instigation of a purely religious organization, a Sunday bill (S. 226o), quoted as follows, was introduced in the United States Senate about the middle of 1917, and is now pending: "A BILL " To protect the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, from desecration and to secure its observance as a day of rest in the District of Columbia. "Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of Amer-ica in Congress assembled, That from and after the passage of this Act it shall be un-lawful in the District of Columbia "for any person to labor or employ any person to labor or to pursue any trade or secular business on 