Photo by Underwood & Underwood, New York DIRECTING ARTILLERY FIRE BY CAP- TIVE BALLOON 74 LIBERTY olics received nearly three hundred and fifty thousand dollars each year. When all the facts were brought out about nineteen years ago, there was cre-ated such a sentiment in opposition to the practice of making grants for secta-rian education, that Congress decided to discontinue such appropriations, formally declaring it " to be the settled policy of the government to hereafter make no appropria- tions whatever for education in a n y sectarian school." This decision was acquiesced in by all the Protes-t a n t s interested, but the Roman Catholics took ex-ception to the act and set about to defeat it as far and as fully as possible. So successful have been their efforts that during all these years, f r o m 1896 to the present year, 1915, they have continued to receive from the government f o r their mission schools, sums vary-ing somewhat from year to year, but averaging about one half their former annual allowance. For the present fiscal year ending June 3o, according to figures furnished by the In-dian Rights Association of Philadelphia, the government has paid to these schools a total of $128,391. The reader may ask how this could be done in the face of Congressional ac- tion before referred to. It was not done by direct legislation but under color of a twenty-year contract which expired on Feb. 1o, 191o, or five years ago. But the expiration of the contract has not, up to the present time, put an end to these appropriations to Catholic Indian schools. Each Congress there has been an item in the Indian Appropriation Bill some-thing like the following, which was urged for passage through-  the Congress which adjourned March 4: Š For the support and maintenance of day and industrial schools among the Sioux In-dians, including the erection and repairs of school buildings, $2oo,000, to be expended un-der the agreement with said Indians in sec-tion seventeen of the Act of March second, eighteen hundred and eighty-nine, which agree-ment is hereby ex-tended to and including June thir-tieth, nineteen hun-dred and sixteen. It is in this way the law and the de-clared intention of Congress, voicing the expressed will of the American people, have been violated and thwarted in the in-terests of sectarian education all these years. True, t h e sum involved is not large, but the prin-ciple is an imporŠtant one, and the facts given ought to serve to illus-trate the necessity of eternal vigilance on the part of every loyal American citi-zen Š every citizen loyal to the princi-ples of our government and of religious liberty. It was only by careful watching, and by most strenuous opposition on the part of a few Senators and Representa-tives that the same tactics did not suc-ceed this year in extending a treaty that expired in 1890, so as to make it effective up to and including June 3o, 1916. We have no wish to censure the in-dividual members of either the House or Senate who have from year to year voted for these appropriations. The fact is that many did this under protest (so to speak) of their own convictions; but a situation had been purposely created 