4 LIBERTY re Ci and no follower of him can be blameless while refusing to recognize and follow the example of his Master in this regard. Every Christian should keep the Sab-bath; but he has no commission from on high to compel another to go and do likewise. That other must settle that matter with the Lord of the Sabbath, and not with man. THE article in this number entitled "Undermining the Foundations of Amer-ican Liberty " is the first of a series, which we can promise our readers will be intensely interesting. There is much involved in the re-editing and censorship of our public school text-books by a great religious organization unfriendly to the genius of American government and unwilling that her own record should be written plainly for all to read. ON our first cover page appears a cut of the monument of President William McKinley which stands in St. James' Park, San Jose, Cal. On the last page of the cover of this issue we reproduce a portion of the speech which Mr. Mc-kinley made on that spot on May 13, 1901. A portion of what appears on that page was engraved upon the pedestal of the monument. That speech is of spe-cial interest just now in view of the de-mand that is being made throughout the country for a complete transformation of the national Constitution. ON the second cover page will be found the principles of the Religious Liberty Association. It is our hope that every reader of this journal will familiarize himself with those principles. There is much in them worthy of study. They are the principles of equality, justice, and liberty. If followed out by the peo-ple of every nation, it would be utterly impossible for religious persecution ever  again to lift its ugly head. On those principles we stand, and we invite every reader of this magazine to step upon the same platform. RECENTLY the city of Chicago wit-nessed a remarkable and very unique parade. It was a temperance parade, and there was much in it to illustrate in a picturesque manner the terrible fruits of the liquor traffic. In that particular the parade was commendable, and we trust may do good as an object-lesson. But as the chief purpose seems to have been to show the iniquity of the Sunday saloon only, rather than of the saloon institution, it is very evident that the preservation of the Sunday sabbath was the real purpose of the demonstration rather than the elimination of the saloon business. If a one-day saloon is dan-gerous, is a six-day saloon a safe and charitable institution? We have little faith in the sincerity of the philippics launched against the Sunday saloon. A one-day-in-seven compromise with the forces of the liquor traffic is not a victory for temperance. It is merely a stand-off with a six-sevenths advantage in favor of the saloon, and the cloak of legality thrown over the whole business into the bargain. THE steady decline of the moral tone of public life and the increase of cor-ruption lead men to cast about for some remedy for a situation which is grow-ing more and more appalling. Those who have not given careful study to the principles involved, or whose views upon this subject are fundamentally wrong, are inclined to feel that it is due to the fact that religion and government have to a large degree been kept separate in this country, that political life has be-come corrupt. This view of the case finds expression in the following para- 