LIBERTY 31 Sunday. Chief Justice Clark, of the Supreme Court of North Carolina, in his judicial review Ł of Sunday legislation, says: " As late as the year 409 A. n. two rescripts of the emperors Honorius and Theodosius indi-cate that Christians then still generally ob-served the Sabbath (Saturday, not Sunday). The curious may find these set out in full, ' Codex Justin.,' lib. 1, tit. 9, CX. 13. Not till near the end of the ninth century was Sunday substituted by law for Saturday as the day of rest by a decree of the Emperor Leo (Leo Cons., 54)."Š North Carolina Reports, Vol. CXXXIV, pp. 508-.515. Thus we see that Sunday laws and Sunday observance progressed together. Civil transac-tions and amusements were not strictly for-bidden until the court and the circus became a rival of the church for public patronage on Sundays. At a church convention held at Car-thage in 401, the bishops passed a resolution to send up a petition to the emperor, praying Š " that the public shows might be transferred from the Christian Sunday and from feast days to some other days of the week." The reason given in support of the petition was: " The people congregate more to the circus than to the church, and it is not fitting that Christians should gather at the spectacles, since the exercises there are contrary to the precepts of God; and if they were not open, the Chris-tians would attend more to things divine."ŠNeavder's "History of the Christian Church" (edition 1852), Vol. II, p. 300. The bishops wanted a " civil " law to favor church attendance. The desired law was finally secured, upon which Neander thus remarks: " In the year 425, the exhibition of spectacles on Sunday, and upon the principal feast days of the Christians, was forbidden, in order that the devotion of the faithful might be free from all disturbance. In this way, the church re-ceived help from the state for the furtherance of her ends, which could not be obtained in the preceding period. But had it not been for that confusion of spiritual and secular interests, had it not been for the vast number of mere outward conversions thus brought about, she would have needed no such help."Š p. 301. Compulsory Sunday legislation established a precedent for other religious measures at the hands of the civil magistrate. While the law-makers did not compel people at first to attend church, but' to close on Sunday every place except the churches, yet having taken the first step in the wrong direction, they soon carried compulsory religion to its logical conclusion, by compelling all people " to be in attendance at divine services on Sunday " under the most exacting penalties. A little later, Justinian issued a " civil " proclamation, giving all men in the Roman Empire three months to embrace Christianity, or lose all office, property, or  right of inheritance. (See Bower's " History of the Popes," Vol. II, p. 334.) Charlemagne, in the year 800, made a " civil " Sunday law, compelling all people, whether religious or nonreligious, to attend church on Sunday. His law read as follows: " We do ordain, as it is required in the law of God, that uo man shall do any servile work on the Lord's day: . . . but that they all come to church [literally, come to mass] to magnify the Lord their God."Š Quoted in "The Sab-bath for Man," Wilbur F. Crafts, p. 556. The Puritans of New England and the Es-tablished Church in Virginia used to fine any one who did not " attend divine service on Sunday " ten shillings for each violation of the compulsory church attendance law. This is a brief sketch of Sunday laws and their natural development and logical outcome. The primary object of all Sunday legislation is to compel people to act religiously, to attend church, and to support places of religious wor-ship. This is the real design of religious laws, no matter what pretext may be urged at first by those who clamor for this kind of legislation. Every one acquainted with the history of the past knows that the Christian church and the state were first united under Constantine. The first step in that direction was the enactment of a Sunday law, not directly, it is true, but in effect. It established a precedent for religious legislation. All religious legislation that fol-lowed fell back upon Constantine's Sunday law precedent for legal authority. Similarly the early ecclesiastical legislation in favor of Sunday is now appealed to in support of the power of the church. If any one questioned the author-ity of the church to ordain new feast days and holy days, and to compel all sects to observe such feasts under penalty, the ready answer was: Ł " Had the church not such power, she could not have substituted the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for the observance of Saturday, the seventh day, a change for which there is no Scriptural authority. The church has power to command feasts and holy days by the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, which Protestants allow of, and there-fore they fondly contradict themselves by keep-ing Sunday strictly, and breaking most other feasts commanded by the same church."Š"Abridgment of Christian Doctrine." Through Sunday laws the church entered the legal door which introduced her into state func-tions, and finally gave her the opportunity to assume absolute supremacy over the state and over all religious sects. Conscience was chained, and truth imprisoned. Through the bestowal of this absolute authority, the church became the greatest persecuting power the world has yet seen. In Sunday legislation was contained the germ of that whole system of 