LIBERTY forcement of an erroneous faith, and since their own views were certainly orthodox, no harm could possibly follow a legal demand for all to profess these, because such enforced uniformity would insure peace and harmony in the com-munity. The strong desire of these men was to found a religious commonwealth in their adopted land, which would in every way harmonize with their idea of the requirements of God's law. To have any other form of government was sure, they thought, to bring upon them the frown of high Heaven. So their duty seemed clear to exclude every one from their midst who did not view religious regulations as they did. The Puritan commonwealth of early Massachusetts was thoroughly ecclesias-tical. This placed all civil power in the hands of the church, which was used wholly in behalf of the church, and for the exaltation of its ministers. The year 1631 saw a statute enacted that no man could be entitled to the freedom of the body politic unless he was a member of the church.Š Massachusetts Records, 1, 87. More than this, no one could be a voter who was not a communicant of the Congregational Church ; for this body was in control of all affairs in the colony. It needs no great power of discern-ment to comprehend what must have befallen those who dared to differ from that church in religious thought, or in any other line, for that matter. The trial of the Quaker, Wenlock Christison, in 1661, well illustrates the point. Both the governor ( John Endicott), and his deputy were present at the trial. The prisoner was told : " Unless you will renounce your religion, you shall surely die." Refusing to change his religion, Christison asked : " By what law will you put me to death ? " The answer was, " We have a law, and by our law you are to die." " Have you power to make laws repugnant to the laws of Eng-land ? " the governor was asked. Upon answering in the negative, Christison  said, " I never heard nor read of any law that was in England to hang Quakers." The governor replied, " There was a law to hang Jesuits." Christison returned answer, " If you put me to death, it is not because I go under the name of a Jesuit, but of a Quaker. I appeal to the laws of my own nation." The only response to this was that the prisoner was " in their hands, had broken their law, and they would try him."Š Sewell, pages 278, 279. The passion of bigotry which could so coolly override every natural right of men, was certainly satanic. Yet the preachers of that day never wearied of exhorting the magistrates to destroy the enemies of the church. In an election sermon delivered by Mr. Shepherd of Charlestown, he said : " Men's lusts are sweet to them, and they would not be disturbed or disquieted in their sin. Hence there be so many such as cry up toleration boundless and libertinism so as to order total and perpetual confine-ment of the sword of the civil magis-trate unto its scabbard ; a notion that is evidently destructive to this people, and to the public liberty, peace, and prosperity of any instituted churches under heaven."Š"Eye Salve," page 21. Such sentiments constantly main-tained, could result in nothing less than savage laws against dissenting sects. One Ursula Cole was sentenced to pay five pounds (a sum now equivalent to one hundred dollars or more), or be whipped for saying that " she had as lief hear a cat mew " as to hear Mr. Shepherd preach. Š Frothingham, in " History of Charlestown," page 208. No one was permitted to join any church without first acquainting the magistrates and the elders of a majority of the churches within a certain district.ŠMassachusetts Records, 1,168. Further, a law was enacted in 1679, forbidding the building of a meeting-house without leave from the freemen of the town, or the general court.Š Massachusetts Rec-ords, 5, 213. 