LIBERTY 43 in no haste to bring upon ourselves the difficulty from which England and other countries are now suffering, an unnatural union of church and state." In the Alta Californian of March 12, 1870, we read of this movement : " The parties who have been recently holding a convention for the novel purpose of pro-curing an amendment to the Constitution . of the United States recognizing the Deity, do not fairly state the case when they assert that it is the right of a Chris-tian people to govern themselves in a Christian manner. If we are not gov-erning ourselves in a Christian manner, how shall the doings of our government be designated ? The fact is, the move-ment is one to bring about in this country that union of church and state which all other civilized countries are trying to dissolve." The increased zeal of those engaged in the movement is seen in the declara-. tion of J. S. Smart (before quoted), in a meeting of ministers held in Washte-naw County, Michigan, in January, 1868. He said of the Sunday movement then going on, that " the sabbath was as dear to the American citizens as any institu-tion which they possessed, and that if it was necessary, they would shed blood in its defense as freely as they had during the war." The religious liberty movement which began in this country in 1851 was in-augurated for the purpose of warning the people of coming dangers, and is not a late development to oppose Na-tional Reformism. Lodi, Cal. Back to the Night CHART PITT BACK to a vague and shadowy land, In a night of frenzied fears; Where a grotesque god, with an iron hand, Rules o'er the buried years ; Where the stifled moans of a fettered host, And the drip of the falling tears On dungeon floor and the whipping-post, Mark the march of the years. A demon lurks 'neath their banners white ; And the blight of his evil breath Is bringing again the voiceless night Of an age of fear and death. The air grows thick with the fumes of hell, And a madman prays, as the night grows late ; And Satan smiles o'er the bridal bells Of a vampire church and a trusting state. Bellingham, Wash. The Germans Want More Bibles IN the British and Foreign Bible So-ciety report for 19o8, Mr. Morrison, the society's agent for Germany, is reported as estimating that the annual circulation of the Bible in Germany has risen from an average of twelve copies per one thou-sand persons in 1885, to an average of nineteen copies per one thousand in 19o7. " That is to say," the Bible Society re-port goes on to remark, " in Germany, which is sometimes considered to be the home of destructive criticism and the headquarters of unbelief, three persons now buy a copy of the Scriptures for every two persons who did so a quarter of a century ago."Š The Missionary Review of the World, November, 1909. Demand for the Bible in France THE reports of the colporteurs of the " Societe Biblique de France " show that there is a very general demand for the Scriptures among the French people, both among the working people and business men. They have found it prof-itable to visit the county fairs, since they find there many who desire to purchase a Bible or a New Testament. This fact indicates that the present is a critical time in the history of France. Great multi-tudes have drifted out of the Catholic Church into no religion at all. They know practically nothing about the Bible, and it is an opportune time to direct their attention toward it. The proclamation of simple gospel truths produces an impres-sion in France that is remarkable.Š Se-lected. 