Ł .11111111; 1Ł ŁvuaziffiemunimeluitennotinutnnIFIn r. Silver Tetradrachn 100 L. I BERT Y ranged from 2 per cent to 472 per cent. This simply shows the percentage of increase of profit, and does not show the normal profits made by these war-time profiteers. In other words, these concerns have made these enor-mous gains and excess profits out of the war above the profits they made previously. If this is war-time patriotism and loyalty, it is of the Benedict Arnold type. Patriots of this kind always endeavor to conceal their evil deeds. Some of these firms tried to cover up their immense profits by paying fabulous salaries to themselves. The chairman of the board of directors of the Metal Company of New York received $179,663.36; the president, $364,-326.73 ; the vice president, $221,-956.04; a second vice-president, $147,930.69 ; the manager of one branch office, $148,530.69 ; while the manager of another branch office received $136,553.12. These six men alone were paid in sal-aries $1,198,600.63 out of the earnings of this single corporation. How much regard have these men for the suf-fering and sacrificing spirit of the men, women, and children who are conserving and saving their all to help their country in its hour of dire need ? The president of this Metal Company receives in salary alone besides his share of enormous prof-its as a stockholder nearly five times the salary of the President of the United States, upon whom rests the greatest task and responsibility that has ever been placed upon the shoulders of any civil ruler. This is a time when every loyal citizen should deny himself the ordinary comforts and pleasures of life. Millions of the common people are sacrificing to the very limit of endurance. Millions of homes are making the supreme sacrifice of surrendering, in response to their country's call, their precious sons, many of whom will never return to join the family circle JUDAS HAD HIS PRICE While our sons and daughters are per-forming deeds of renown and sacrificing their all, these remorseless, conscience-less rent-gougers, wage-defrauders, and profit-frenzied vampires are plundering the people and draining their very life-blood so that they may glory in their fabulous wealth and become the billion-aire barons of the prime necessities of life, hold-ing the destinies of na-tions in their hands. One of the sad fea-tures of this whole profi-teering business is that this spirit of selfishness a n d covetousness pre-vails, not only among the millionaries and power-ful corporations, but is quite marked among petty dealers and money-shavers.  Even the churchgoer does not hesitate to increase rents from 11)0 to 200 per cent 