The American Constitution G. B. 7IIUil1PSON IN a letter declining an invitation to attend the centennial celebration of the Constitution, W. E. Gladstone, one of the most learned of English statesmen, declared our Constitution to be " the most remarkable work known to the mod-ern times to have been produced by hu-man intellect at a single stroke, so to speak, in its application to political affairs." This Constitution, including the amend-ments, constitutes the " supreme law " of the land. Its chief glory, as we view it, is in the complete separation which is drawn between the church and the state. There are t w o provisions which express the sovereign will and authority of the people upon this question. Article VI, Section 3, declares that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualifica-tion to any office or public trust under the United States." Concerning this negative provision, Schaff says: " The framers of the fed-eral Constitution, remembering the per-secution of dissenters and non-conform-ists in the mother country and in several American colonies, cut the poisonous tree of persecution by the root, and substi-tuted for specific religious tests a simple oath or solemn affirmation." Š " Church and State," page 22. We believe, however, that this clause has a wider application than this. Judge Joseph Story, an able expounder of the Constitution, says : " This clause is not introduced merely for the purpose of sat-isfying the scruples of many respectable persons who feel an invincible repug-nance to any religious test or affirmation. It had a higher object: to cut off forever any pretense of any alliance between  church and state in the national govern-ment. The framers of the Constitution were fully sensible of the dangers from this source, marked out in the history of other ages and countries, and not wholly unknown to our own. They knew that bigotry was unceasingly vigilant in its stratagems to secure to itself an exclu-sive ascendancy over the human mind, and that intolerance was ever ready to arm itself with all the terrors of the civil power to exterminate those who doubted its dogmas or resisted its infallibility." Š "Commentaries on the Constitution of the United States," Boston, 1833, page 6go. More important, however, than this clause is the First Amendment to the Constitution, which provides that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." This amendment has been called the Magna Charta of religious freedom in the United States. It separates at a stroke the church and the state, and de-prives the church of the use of secular power for the furtherance of her ends. George Bancroft well says : Š " Vindicating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea. It left the management of temporal things to the temporal power ; but the American Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several States, withheld from the federal government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of con-science, the sanctuary of the soul; and not from indifference, but that the in-finite, spirit of eternal truth might move 157 411.4.4Ł=4.1.04M0114ŁWINIMMI.0Ł1.11.1.ﬂ114Ł11Ł101Ł101;40411=144. The authors of the Declaration of Independence meant it to be a stumblingblock to those who in after times might seek to turn a free people back into the paths of despotism.Š Lincoln. 4111ŁŁŁ414Ł0.1.ﬂ).ﬂ(IMO.11.61111 