Religious Legislation in Disguise Strengthening Sunday by Professing to Promote Public Health DURING the last three months there has been unusual activity among those who are interested in the enactment of legislation regulating the observance of Sunday. In the various State legisla-tures in session, more than fifty bills of this character have been introduced, and the passage of many of them has been urged at hearings held by legislative com-mittees. Among the bills thus introduced is one which demands special attention. It was prepared by a special committee of the American Association for Labor Legisla-tion, and is backed by the .Commission on the Church and Social Service, a de-partment of the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America. In at-tempting to secure this kind of legisla-tion, the social service commission is car-rying out the instruction of the Federal Council, which at its second quadrennial meeting, held in Chicago, Dec. 4-9, 1912, adopted the following resolution:Š We earnestly recommend to State and local federations of churches the imporŁ tance of not only guarding against the repeal or weakening of the laws we now have providing for Sunday rest, but of placing on our statute-books laws se-curing one day in seven as a rest day for all classes of working men, and the se-curing to every community a more com-plete protection against all Sunday prac-tises that tend to demoralize society or weaken the forces that make for virtue and righteousness. As a means to this end, we heartily cooperate with the so-cial service commission of the council in its nation-wide campaign for one day in seven for the workers. The Standard Bill, which the social service commission urges to be intro-duced in every State legislature, and which has already been presented in at least two legislatures, reads as fol- lows:- 7o :\N ACT to promote the public health oy providing for one clay of rest in seven for employees in certain employments. Be it enacted, etc., as follows:ŠSection 1. Scope of the Act. Every employer of labor, whether a person, paftnership, or corpbration, en-gaged in carrying on any factory or mer-cantile establishment in this State, shall allow every person, except those specified in Section 2, employed in such factory or mercantile establishment, at least twenty-four consecutive hours of rest in every seven consecutive days. No employer shall operate any such factory or mer-cantile establishment on Sunday, unless he shall have complied with Section 3. Provided, however, that this act shall not authorize any work on Sunday not now authorized by law. Section 2. Exceptions. This act shall not apply to Š (i ) Janitors. ( 2) Watchmen. (3) Employees whose duties in-clude no work on Sunday other than Š a. Setting sponges in bakeries. b. Caring for live animals. c. Maintaining fires. Section 3. Schedule for Sunday Work- ers. Before operating on Sunday, every employer shall post in a conspicuous place on the premises a schedule contain-ing a list of his employees who are re-quired or allowed to work on Sunday and designating the day of rest for each, and shall file a copy of such schedule with the (Commissioner of Labor). The employer shall promptly file with the said (Commissioner) a copy of every change in such schedule. No employee shall be required or allowed to work on the day of rest so designated for him. Section 4. Time-Book. Every employer shall keep a time-book showing the names and addresses of all employees and the hours worked by each of them in each day, and such time-book shall be open to inspection by the (Com-missioner of Labor). Section 5. Penalty. Every employer who violates the pro- 