116 LIBERTY lished so long ago, and would commit would lead to the enactment of laws re-Congress to a course of legislation quiring the religious observance of which, if followed to the logical result, Sunday. tV tV Against Religion by Law The Mayor of Niagara Falls, N. Y., Vetoes a City Ordinance Forbidding Picture Shows on Sunday IN a message to the city council of Niagara Falls, N. Y., vetoing an ordi-nance forbidding picture shows on Sun-day, Mayor Philip J. Keller discussed in a clear way some questions of funda-mental importance to free government, and incidentally gave some good advice to the ministers of that city. His mes-sage is a well-deserved rebuke to those who conceive it to be the duty of min-isters of the gospel to employ the civil power as an agency for enforcing upon the citizens of the State their particular views of Christianity. Not every mayor would have the courage to oppose such a combination, and to face the threat of having his political corpse left in the street if he did not yield to its demands. It is to Mayor Keller's credit, not simply that he refused to approve the ordinance, but that he was able to justify his action in so convincing a document. We re-print a large portion of the message : -- May 22, 1912. To the Honorable Common Council of the City of Niagara Falls, N. Y. GENTLEMEN : I herewith return, dis-approved, so much of the proceedings of your meeting of May 13, 1912, as reads as follows : Š " By Alderman Fell : Š " Resolved, That the resolution pre-sented by me at the last regular meeting, prohibiting moving-picture shows on Sunday, be removed from the table and adopted by the council. " Yeas, 7 : Aldermen Bengough, Blinco, Fell, Gaiser, Murphy, Pfetsch, anti Welch. " Nays, 6: Aldermen Clancy, Gassier, Lafferty, Mansfield, Phelps, and Russ. " Adopted." By this ordinance, herewith returned, the conduct on Sunday of any moving-picture entertainment is made a misde-meanor punishable by a fine of $5o, or six months' imprisonment, or both, and as a further and additional penalty, the person, firm, or corporation violating its provisions also becomes liable to the city in the sum of $ioo, to be recovered in a civil action. Church and State Clearly, this ordinance is intended to enforce upon all the observance of the Christian Sunday according to the con-ceptions of the strictest Christian church-men, and contrary to the ideas of the more liberal Christians. It is absolutely contrary to the religious views of our non-Christian citizens, whose rights and privileges we are also bound to respect so long as they do not disturb the peace of others. This is a Christian country or government only in the sense that the majority of our citizenship is Christian in its religious beliefs. Our proud boast is that in matters of religion, as in secular matters, we are a free people ; and in the matter of legislation, above all matters, it is repellent to hear men of one nation-ality or denomination single out or de-nounce those of another who may oppose them. In the Declaration of Independ-ence itself it is held that " all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights ; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Coundl Line-Up The passage of this ordinance by a bare majority of one out of a total of thirteen votes in the common council, all of the members of which body are of the Christian faith, shows a sharp di-vision in the sentiment of the aldermen themselves. There is no consideration with respect to training, education, or 