LIBERTY  27 far too ready to yield to the force of public opinion, and lend their influence in favor of legislation which they well know exceeds the bounds of rightful legislative authority. A case in point is the Canadian Lord's Day Act recently enacted by the Dominion Parliament. Though this act was a gov-ernment measure, and the bill was intro-duced by the Hon. Attorney General, yet he, as well as the prime minister of the Do-minion, with whom he was associated in introducing the measure into Parliament, was opposed to the legislation, and only yielded to the enactment of the law because of the supposed force of public opinion, which was so represented as to appear very much in favor of the law, when the truth is that public opinion, if it could have been popularly expressed, was very much opposed to the measure. Another thing in connection with this same piece of legislation which shows that very many Ñ more than any one is aware of Ñ are not informed as they should be in regard to the powers of legislative bodies, and of civil government in general, is the fact that at a hearing granted to those who had any objections to the proposed law, not one of those who appeared in opposition to the measure Ñand there were more than a hundred of them from all parts of the Do-minion Ñ opposed the measure from the standpoint that the government was exceed-ing its powers in enacting such legislation; but their opposition, if indeed it might be called such, was on the ground that the law would interfere with their particular busi-ness, and each of them, to a man, petitioned for an exemption which would permit him, as an individual, to attend to his own busi-ness on one day of the week Ñ an inalien-able right which they all already possessed. In short, they each and all asked for class legislation. " Let me be free to carry on my business on Sunday; but I have no objection to your closing the other man's place of business on that day," was, in substance, the argument of all. Instead of appearing before this body of legislators as free-born citizens of a great commonwealth, and de- manding that each and every one be left free to exercise his inalienable right to do as he saw fit on Sunday, they appeared as supplicants for a favor; as subjects without rights, pleading for the poor boon of tol-eration from the hands of the very men  whom they themselves had elected to office ! Let it be understood, once for all, that the general principle underlying the right government of every incorporated body is, that its members contract with each other severally to submit to the will of the ma-jority in all matters concerning the fulfil-ment of the objects for which they were incorporated; but in no others. And this principle holds of an incorporated nation as well as of an incorporated company. What would be thought of the managing board of a biscuit company saying how clocks or pianos should be made? No more should civil government deal with religion. When this principle comes to be recognized as it should be, the right of the majority to enact Sunday laws, and sumptuary laws, or any other kind of laws that restrict the inalienable rights of the people in any way, will be considered as legislative superstition. Civil, or Divine? ALLEN MOON GOD created men just as free to do wrong as to do right; and those that deny this principle are the chief violators of religious liberty. Only a fallen church reckons itself capable of repressing sins by means of force. Therefore, all religious laws enacted by any State are the product of a false conception of the mission of the church. The great Head of the church taught very clearly that his cause in the earth was not to be main-tained by the power of the sword of steel. The evening on which he was betrayed, at the close of the Passover supper, Jesus said to his disciples, " When I sent you without purse, and scrip, and shoes, lacked ye any-thing? And they said, Nothing. Then said he unto them, But now, he that bath a purse, let him take it, and likewise his scrip: and he that bath no sword, let him sell his gar-ment, and buy one." Luke 22: 35, 36. The Saviour took this occasion to forever settle the question of the relation of the church to the use of force. It seems that Peter was entrusted with one of the two swords in the possession of the disciples, and when the company came to the garden to arrest the Sa-viour, he drew his sword and cut off the ear of the servant of the high priest. But Jesus, instead of commending the act, said, 