162 LIBERTY senters and nonconformists, until the rivers of Europe flowed crimson with the blood of martyrs. They did not call it persecution then. They said they were simply enforcing the law and upholding the dignity of the church and the Chris-tian state. Under the sophism that reli-gion must be protected, how many cru-sades have been instituted, how many massacres have been perpetrated, and how many martyrs have been burned at the stake, tortured on the rack, and exe-cuted upon the scaffold of oppression! Our forefathers, when they founded the American Republic, repudiated this dangerous error of placing the sovereign  " right of law " above the sovereign right of man, and they exalted the inalienable rights of the individual above the statutes of men. They made the law a servant to the rights of men, and the government a protector and preserver of these rights, instead of a destroyer of them. As the result of the triumph of these principles, our nation has become the most prosper-ous, peaceful, and magnanimous in all the world, in the shortest period of time. Whenever our republic repudiates these beneficent principles, its greatness is doomed. " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty," and vigilance is needed now. C. S. L. ME 01 Mf An Indictment of the Liquor Traffic' Supreme Importance of Human Welfare and Conservation IN the consideration of every public question and problem of statecraft, the query of supreme importance is, How does it affect human weal ? what influ-ence will it have upon personal life and character? There are many reasons that can be urged for absolute prohibition of the liquor traffic by legal enactment; we may urge its prohibition on the ground that prohibition will prevent crime, insanity, and poverty ; that it will save strength, health, and wealth ; that it will increase human efficiency, assure human safety, and reduce taxation ; but the supreme rea-son for the complete prohibition of the liquor traffic is found in the all-inclusive expression The conservation of human-ity. The present universal war on alco-hol is a titanic struggle to save the human race. Social sins, weaknesses, and imper-fections; social waste, neglect, and in-equalities, are commanding public atter-tion as never before. The people are studying the subjects of poverty and 'Part of an address delivered by Dr. A. C. Bane, financial secretary of the Anti-Saloon League of America, before its national con-vention at Atlantic City, N. J., July 8. wealth; the laboring man and woman and their safety, housing, recreations, and wages; the child and its welfare; motherhood ; the social evil and all vice and crime; the home; personal health; efficiency; and good government. You cannot study these questions without fac-ing the liquor traffic; you can see alco-holic liquor at every angle of these social problems; in fact, the liquor traffic and habit will be found at the base of every social ill that curses humanity; John Barleycorn's face is reflected by every turn of the social mirror. The social ills of America and the world cannot be cured without abolishing Łthe traffic in strong- drink. We are almost ready to proclaim that prohibition of the manu-facture and sale of alcoholic liquors is the great " cure-all " for America's so-cial woes. Alcohol Ever Humanity's Foe If you would develop and preserve a race that is virile in mind and body, you must destroy the liquor traffic, for alco-holic liquor is degrading the race. If nu would assure a normal birth to childhood, you must destroy the liquor traffic, fin' the drinking parents are pro-ducing defective children. 