PARK STREET CHURC71, BOSTON, MASS. 12 LIBERTY rights of conscience, because there are in-dividuals who keep religiously other days of the week. The matter of keeping a Sabbath should be left to the individual in the exercise of his religious rights. Again : Sunday legislation produces hyp-ocrites. If you want to manufacture hypocrites, make a Sunday law. Let me illustrate. Here are men in the city of Boston who do not keep any day, and they do not want to rest on Sunday. They would rather do something else, perhaps go to the beach, attend a Sunday concert, or go fishing. I am not speaking in defense of immoral or uncivil amusements, but I believe that a man has a civil right to enjoy amusements on any day, providing they are not uncivil. Religiously I am op-posed to theaters, as are the other speak-ers here on the plat-form with me. We would not attend them, we do not be-lieve in them; but we believe that a man who wishes to go to a theater has just as good a right civilly to go there as a Christian has to go to a prayer-meeting. [Applause.] T h e only question in re-gard to these or any other amusements on any day is, "Are they civil? " If they are uncivil on Sun-day, then they are uncivil on Monday also, and on every other day, and ought to be closed every day in the week. [Applause.] The state has to do only with civil things. The state has no right to enter the realm of religion, and dictate upon things of a religious character. If a man takes our property, the strong arm of the state has a right to take hold of him. When one seeks to defame our character, the arm of the law can lay hold of him; when it comes to dictating what the relig-ion of a man shall be, God says, " Hands off." And that is really the principle enun-ciated by Jesus Christ, when he said, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." In that statement made by Jesus Christ,  who is the author of liberty, we see indi-cated the total separation of the church and the state; and this government is the only government ever framed in harmony with that principle ; and that principle ought to stand side by side with that other principle voiced in the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States: " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Another reason why we oppose religious legislation is because it is class legislation. Sunday legislation is legislation in fayor of a class of people who keep Sunday. Another reason is that such legislation is opposed to the golden rule. I maintain that if the golden rule were followed and practised by the ministers of the gospel, there never would be a Sunday law in this land. Now let me apply the principle. Do those who are seeking to have the Sunday laws enforced want a law that will compel them and every other citizen of Boston to keep Saturday because there are some who are observing that day here? They ought to be willing to do that if they ask the others to submit to a law for the enforce-ment of Sunday. One man in this com-monwealth has in the exercise of his relig-ious conviction as much right as the majority have. (We are not asking for such a law, however.) Can you not see that a man who will follow the golden rule will be as willing to conform to the other man's principles as he expects him to be willing to conform to his ? But no ; it is said, all must be compelled by the law to keep Sun- 