82 LIBERTY commandment; it has no right to legis-late on blasphemy against God and com-pel men to observe the letter and spirit of the third commandment; and it has no right to compel people to observe the Sabbath of the Lord. This is the Lord's clay, and purely a religious institution. It would be just as proper to compel  people to observe the Lord's Supper, the Lot-0's baptism, and the Lord's Prayer by civil statute as the Lord's Day. All these are duties Christians owe to God, but not to Cxsar, and should be found only in the church ritual, not on the stat-ute books of the state. Christ is the au- thor of inalienable rights. C. S. L. An Evil Threatening Our Times ONE of the most dangerous evils threatening our times is the growing de-mand for religious legislation. This de-mand is being urged more and more, and in some instances governments are be-ginning to yield to it. Many are led to believe that the rem-edy for the present widespread irreligion lies through human legislation, and fail to realize that the use of force in re-ligion is inconsistent with the gospel of Christ, and that in the end religious leg-islation means religious persecution. There needs to be a better and more general understanding of the great prin-ciples underlying human rights and lib-erties. These principles, which would in-sure peace on earth and good will among men, ought not to be ignored nor for-gotten. The principles of liberty are living, en-nobling principles. The people of all nations either enjoy the blessings of freedom, or they feel the oppressive hand of intolerance and persecution. To keep these principles fresh in the minds of the people is the only sure way of securing the blessing accruing from them, and perpetuating these blessings to the race. It has not yet ceased to be true that " eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." Religious liberty is safe only while a knowledge of its principles is familiar to the people. To this fact alone is due the existence of laws guaranteeing reli-gious freedom in many of the modern governments of Europe, America, and elsewhere. Through the great struggles of the past for freedom, the people of  these lands became familiar with the principles, and public sentiment de-manded their recognition and expression in the laws of the land. Again demands are being made in dif-ferent lands for legislation in religious things. Organizations have been formed, and dangerous movements are on foot, calling for the enactment and enforce-ment of laws which will make religious observance compulsory, and failure to comply a crime punishable by the state. We hear of such organizations as the National Reform Association, the Chris-tian Electors' Association, the Interna-tional Reform Bureau, the American Sab-bath Union, the Lord's Day Alliance, the Sunday Rest League, and the like, all church organizations, and all having one object, that of establishing and enforcing religion by human law. Although aware that there is not per-fect agreement concerning religious be-liefs and practices even among those who profess religion, the majority, they say, should rule in religion,Š rule not by the power of argument and persuasion, but by the power of law and compulsion. The state, they hold, should " protect " religious institutions, particularly the Sunday sabbath, by requiring all to ob-serve such institutions. They desire that the State shall become the subservient instrument of the church, and do its bidding. In asking that religious observances shall be made compulsory, they do not see that they are working upon wrong principles. Neither Christ nor his apos-tles ever appealed to the state to enforce 