130 LIBERTY when united Christendom, with its back turned upon its Lord, will demand and get laws that will make religion a matter of legal formality, oppressing the con-sciences of individuals, and starting a new list of martyrs for the cause of  Christ. He who expects to see " the kingdom of God " " more fully appear " by such means, is nursing a hope as de-lusive as the program is unchristian. No such program was followed by Christ or the apostles. C. M. S. Sectarian Garb in the Government Schools (Concluded from page 113) and report after report from the In-terior Department, have shown, the pub-lic school was conceived as the most potent instrument to carry out that pur-pose and that pledge. Even more scrupulously than would be the case in its representative capacity, must this government as a guardian and under its obligation of good faith as-sumed, labor to preserve the spirit and letter of our institutions in these schools. This must be so from every viewpoint : from that of the government itself, of course, since in this effort it represents the American people. But most impor-tant is the injunction laid from the view-point of the Indians and of our duty to them. If citizenship in American democ-racy demands anything, it demands an appreciation of the ideals of our institu-tions and a subscription to those ideals. If, then, our obligation toward the In-dians means anything, it means that we shall guarantee to them a " proper ap-preciation and enjoyment of civil, polit-ical, and religious freedom." That they are without representation in the choice and regulation of the method but height-ens the necessity for the exercise of the nicest care on the part of the guardian. That they may not make complaints of a particular method can scarcely affect the necessity, unless we are prepared to say that the obligation is binding only to the extent that the Indians demand it; that the measure of the guardian's duty is the desire of the ward ; that the teacher shall take from the pupil the standards of American democracy. How can it be that we are doing our whole duty by the Indians when in that governmental agency with which they  come into the most direct and intimate relation, in the one concrete expression of the government which avowedly rep-resents at once the fulfilment of our pledge and the hope of the Indian in America, they see a standing denial, con-sistently asserting itself in graphic and unmistakable manner, of one of the very principles which professedly we are seek-ing to secure to them,Š the principle that the church has no part as such in the state ? For the Indian is peculiarly sus-ceptible to religious influence, and to him of all persons signs are potent. Circular No. 6oi was issued to please no one and to offend no one, but only in the performance of official duty. 01 Of ME Fined for Working on Sunday A Case of Sunday-Law Enforcement in Canada J. A. STRICKLAND RECENTLY two respectable citizens, quiet, conscientious, Christian men, mem-bers of the Seventh-day Adventist de-nomination, were arraigned before a magistrate at Harvey Station, York Co., New Brunswick, charged with desecra-ting Sunday. Their unlawful act was hauling hay on the first day of the week. The court-room was filled with listeners, many of whom were openly hostile to the Adventists. Before and after court, there was a noisy demonstration, with rowdy dancing, participated in by those ' who had congregated to see the Advent-ists " catch it." The defendants pleaded guilty to having worked on the first day of the week after conscientiously rest-ing on the seventh day, according to the commandment of God. No witnesses were called, and no word of evidence 