Liberty Magaz ine Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. 0.0000 *000-4>=>n000 CŁ  190 LIBERTY The Price of Liberty THOSE who refuse or neglect to study the, problems of life that are ever before us are simply contributing to the enemies of free institutions and a free and inde-pendent people. It is this class who, by their indifference to the public welfare, have contributed to the downfall of all the nations of the earth in the ages dead and gone. Let us profit by their example, and refuse to allow our country to pass into the hands of those who would en-slave and debase the people. The rem-edy lies in the general enlightenment of all the people through the study of the problems of society and government. The man who uttered the words, " Eter-nal vigilance is the price of liberty," ut-tered God's solemn truth, and every peo-ple throughout all the history of the world who have disregarded this truth, have sunk to serfdom and slavery, and have passed out of existence as organized governments.Š Remarks by Hon. D. V. Stephens, in Congressional Record, Oct. 2, 1913, page 5928. Official American Documents on Religious Liberty (Concluded from page 181) protection here, and enjoy equal rank in the eye of civil law." Š "Foreign Rela-tions," 1871, pages 154, 155. It is contrary to the principles of true Christianity for it to demand civil pre-eminence ; it is dangerous to the spirit of our civil institutions to grant it ; and it is opposed to the religious liberty claims made by our government for its citizens in other countries. Forty treaties with twenty-seven differ-ent countries have been entered into by our nation which contain provisions for freedom of conscience. No statesman nor diplomat would be so unwise as to re-quire the natives of these countries to stop all their work and pleasure when American citizens in those places would wish to observe Sunday. They could not  if they should desire such a thing. And with propriety we might ask, What right would this country have to even request them to refrain from acts that would be a desecration of a Christian holy day? In these treaties the United States both requests and offers " liberty of con-science." One illustration will suffice : Š " The citizens and inhabitants of the two countries shall enjoy in the terri-tory of the other a full and entire liberty of conscience. They shall be protected in the free exercise of their worship; they shall have the right to erect religious edifices and to organize and maintain missions." Š Treaty of United States with Kongo, 1891, Article IV. That is precisely the attitude that our great nation should take toward its own citizens. It should protect all in their worship, but leave all free to worship or not to worship, letting them go about their business as they see fit. It should treat all alike as long as they engage in legitimate labor and pleasure. Washington, D. C. ; Ł A Year's Subscription 4 When Goes your subscription expire ? Look at the date on your wrapper or on the renewal blank inside last copy due you. We shall renew your subscription for an-other year free of charge, provided you secure or send in a club of four_ yearly LIBERTY subscrip-tions at $1.00, or 25 cents for each subscription. If you are not a subscriber but desire to become one, we will make you the same offer. Address our general agency nearest you, or FREE! 