50 LIBERTY are such, not because they are Roman Catholics, but in spite of that fact. They are good citizens, it may be, because an issue does not arise that makes it neces-sary for them to make choice between allegiance to the Pope of Rome and al-legiance to the government of the United States. There are also Catholics who say that they take their religion from Rome, but not their politics; but within the meaning of the term as understood by their own church, they are not good Catholics, though they are good citizens. To be a good Catholic one must believe that the Pope is the Vicar of Christ, and must obey him in all things as fully as  one would obey Christ if he were here upon earth. The trouble is that the Pope is only a man, and does not do as Christ did when upon earth. Christ refused to take any hand in civil affairs, saying to one who appealed to him, " Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you ? " If the Pope and his hierarchy would eschew politics and give themselves wholly to spiritual matters, then indeed might all Catholics be good citizens. The same is true also of those Protestants who assume to speak for the divine Be-ing and who demand that the government shall be run in the interests of their propaganda. C. P. B. tg tV tV Supreme Court Justice in North] Dakota Declares Sunday Laws " an Outrage" and " Ridiculous" THE Bismarck Tribune of North Da-kota gives an interesting account of a Sunday law crusade which was inaugu- rated recently by Atty.-Gen. William Langer. An old, musty blue law was invoked, with Puritan rigidity, all over the State of North Dakota. The editor of the Tribune says, under the editorial heading, " A Puritan Sunday : " " The capital city of Bismarck never saw a ' tighter ' Sunday." The editor then continues : Š " Probably, as never before, the lawmakers witnessed the actual operation of the blue laws. At times it was hard to get a postage stamp, and even taxis were reluctant to serve their patrons. Groups gathered on the street corners, evidently surprised to learn that there were laws on the statute books that man had made, which could make Bismarck as tight as Plymouth, Mass., was in the colonial days, when they executed a cat on Monday for kill-ing a rat on Sunday, and stopped bear baiting, not because it hurt the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the spectators. " The time has come for North Dakota to be honest with herself. These laws are on the statute books. If they were not put there to be enforced, the remedy is at hand. . . . The individual conscience must decide the moral issues involved in Sunday observance. Legislation never can induce a state of moral-ity. Spasmodic waves of law enforcement  come over the communities. It is very likely that North Dakota, as other States, will do the conventional thing,Š retain the blue laws as a sop to our consciences, and proceed to break them with a frailty that is human. 'Twas ever thus ! " Supreme Court Justice Nullifies Law The following news item is taken from the same paper, under date of Jan-uary 8:Š "Declaring North Dakota's Sunday-closing statutes a direct descendant of the old blue laws of the historic Massachusetts Bay Colony, an outrage which should be tolerated by no free-born citizenry, Associate Justice James E. Robinson of the North Dakota Supreme Court, filed Bismarck's first Sunday lid with the following order : Š " SUPREME COURT "`STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA "`To the Sheriff and Police of the City of Bismarck: Š "'You are hereby directed to allow all busi-ness places and drug stores, news stands, to remain open in the usual manner as on other Sundays. " [Signed] JAMES E. ROBINSON, "`Judge of the Supreme Court.' "'This is a terrible situation Š an outrage,' declared the venerable jurist in communicating with the peace officers, ' it should not be tol-erated another moment. I command you in the 