LIBERTY 17 flock, is what has led him to give a revela-tion of his will, and point out the foes with whom they would have to contend. To his church, all the actions recorded of the dragon and leopard beast relate ; and in reference to the church, therefore, we con-clude that the dragon voice of this power is to be uttered. The " speaking " of any government must be the public promulgation of its will on the part of its lawmaking and executive powers. Is this nation, then, to issue unjust BROADWAY, THE MAIN COMMERCIAL ARTERY OF NEW YORK CITY and oppressive enactments against the peo-ple of God? Are the fires of persecution, which in other ages have devastated other lands, to be lighted here also? We would fain believe otherwise; but notwithstanding the pure intentions of the noble founders of this government, notwithstanding the wor-thy motives and objects of thousands of Christian patriots to-day, we can but take the prophecy as it reads, and expect nothing less than what it predicts. John heard this power speak, and the voice was that of a dragon. Nor is this so improbable an issue as might at first appear. The people of the  United States are not all saints. The masses, notwithstanding all our gospel light and gospel privileges, are still in a position for Satan to fire their hearts suddenly with the basest of impulses. This nation, as we have seen, is to exist to the coming of Christ ; and the Bible very fully sets forth the moral condition of the people in the days that immediately precede that event. In-iquity is to abound, and the love of many to wax cold. Matt. 24: 12. Evil men and seducers are to wax worse and worse. 2 Tim. 3: 13. Scoffers are to arise, saying, " Where is the promise of his coming? " 2 Peter 3: 3, 4. The whole land is to be full of violence, as it was in the days of Noah, and full of licentiousness, as was Sodom in the days of Lot. Luke 17: 26-30. And when the Lord appears, faith will scarcely be found upon the earth (Luke 18: 8) ; and those who are ready for his coming will be but a " little flock " (Luke 12: 32). Can the people of God think to go through this period and not suffer perse-cution? Š No ; this would be contrary to the lessons taught by all past experience, and just the reverse of what we are war-ranted by the Word of God to expect. "All that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." 2 Tim. 3 : 12. If ever this was true in the history of the church, we may expect it to be emphat-ically so in the last days. Let, then, such a general spirit of perse-cution arise as the foregoing scriptures de-clare will in the last days exist, and what is more probable than that it should assume an organized form? In this country the will of the people is law. And let there be a general desire on the part of the people for certain oppressive enactments against believers in unpopular doctrines, and what would be more easy and natural than that such desire should immediately crystallize into systematic action, and oppressive meas-ures take the form of law? Then we would have just what the prophecy indicates. Then would tie heard the voice of the dragon. And there are elements already in ex-istence which furnish a luxuriant soil for a baleful crop of future evil. Our nation has grown so rapidly in wealth that it stands to-day as the richest nation in the world. Wealth leads to luxury, luxury to corruption, corruption to the breaking down of all moral barriers; and then the way is 