LIBERTY  113 ¥ began to doubt as to whether unbaptized infants were lost, a council of grave divines debated the question, and then took a vote. A majority decided, by a close vote, that the infants were not to be consigned to torment, and so, by this narrow margin, they were saved. Somehow one is led to wonder just how much effect the decision of these men had on the question. It can be safely said, though, that it would have fully as much to do with it as a Supreme Court decision would have in really making a nation Christian. A true Christian is a follower of the teachings and example of Christ. This comes from a nature that has been  changed by the grace of Christ, through the influence of the Holy Spirit. It is not possible for any legislative body to vote this condition into a single individ-ual, much less into a community. It is eminently manifest that a court decision would be futile in making a nation or a community Christian. In the past this has been tried, but not a soul has ever been saved by it; on the contrary, much persecution and distress have resulted. Persuasion is the power used by even the Almighty in changing the heart. It is the one effective weapon given to ministers of the gospel. All other means have failed, and must con-tinue to fail. rammccourn  Is It Not Wholly Un-American?  VEar4=44 IT seems that a bill has been framed by representatives of the National Association of Patriotic Instructors, with headquarters in this city, requiring all teachers in public, private, and paro-chial schools to take an oath of allegiance to the United States and to the State wherein they reside or are employed. This oath binds those taking it to sup-port not only the national and State con-stitutions, but all laws enacted under them. This measure is styled " wholly Ameri-can," but is it not in fact wholly un-American ? The National Reformers, most of them Presbyterians and very good people and good citizens, would doubtless object most seriously to taking such an oath, for the reason that, as they view it, our national Constitution is a " godless " document, to which they de-mand an amendment recognizing Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations and his law as of supreme authority in Govern-mental affairs. Now we do not agree with them in this, but they have a perfect right to hold and  to teach as they do, and to agitate, as they are doing and have long done, for their amendment. In 1850 there was enacted by the Con-gress of the United States the Fugitive-Slave Law, an act later upheld as Con-stitutional. This law made it a serious offense for any one even "to harbor or conceal " any person who was known to be a fugitive slave. But a great many good people did this very thing just the same, and did it believing that in so doing they were rendering God service. Some of the best people of the country helped to operate " the under-ground railroad," as it was called, or in other words, assisted fugitive slaves in making their way across the United States and into Canada. Our forefathers violated law when they resisted the unjust exactions of George III, the very thing for which we now honor them. Had the American Revolution failed, probably all the sign-ers of the Declaration of Independence would have been hanged as rebels; but 