The Return to Medieval Times As you look at the display of the Sun- During the days of medievalism the day bills which were introduced into our Sunday laws had hundreds of restric-State legislatures and into Congress so tions added to them, until people were far this year, you cannot help being im-  oppressed beyond endurance. During pressed, if you are at all acquainted with the Puritan days of New England the the history of the past, that the relig-  strictly religious element in authority ious societies, which have been the au-  multiplied the " Sunday blue-laws " until thors and promoters of all these relig-  some of the colonies had over two hun-ious bills, are actually returning to the dred Sunday-law restrictions at one time days of medievalism, when the church on the statute-books. Our forefathers and state were united and each supported had enough of the bitter fruit of this the other: It presents, indeed, a lamen-  kind of religious legislation; and when table picture. More than seventy-five they founded the new republic, they re-Sunday bills have been introduced since solved to banish such legislation forever, the first of this year at the instigation of and put a prohibitive amendment into the religious organizations, but we are glad national Constitution so that Congress to report that in nearly every case the could never commit itself to religious Religious Liberty Association succeeded legislation of any sort. in defeating these religious bills. But there has been a decided falling Christ did not approve of the way the away from fundamental principles of Pharisees tried to improve the law of late, a turning back to the old order of God by their traditions and customs things. Pharisaism and medievalism are which they attached to the divine stat-  being resuscitated in many church and utes. In many cases he showed the religious organizations, and the result Pharisees that they had actually made has led to the most glaring attempts " of the commandments of God null and void mixing church and state affairs." The by their many traditions. In Christ's fact that nearly one hundred Sunday time, we are told, the Pharisees had bills, which are strongly religious and added over two hundred fifty extra stat-  can have no justification for their exist-utes to the one commandment which God ence but in religion, have been introduced had given concerning the keeping of the into legislatures by religious societies Sabbath day. They had made this com-  and associations of clergymen should mandment very burdensome to the peo-  be sufficient to arouse the spirit of true ple by adding many requirements to it Americanism from center to circumfer-which God had not enjoined. Christ ence. called them " blind guides, which strain We are glad that most of these at- at a gnat, and swallow a camel." " Then tempts at church and state union have spake Jesus to the multitude, and to his been defeated this year. We wish to disciples, saying, The scribes and the thank the members and friends of the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat. . . . But Religious Liberty Association for their do not ye after their works: for they kindly cooperation in making these de-say, and do not. For they bind heavy feats possible by their timely petitions, burdens and grievous to be borne, and letters, and protests. The Johnston lay them on men's shoulders ; but they Sunday Bill for the District of Colum-themselves will not move them with one bia, which is now in the hands of the of their fingers." Senate Committee of the District, is 123 