What Spirit? DONALD A. MneKENZIlli Pa.ifor Preohyterino Clur.mb DALLAS. OIRSGON June 11, 1920 To the Manufacturers of the blasphemous and lying Sheet assuming the false name 'Signs of the Times' Tour have the audacious cheek to pollute my mail box every week with two copies of your comtemptible rag, the 'Signs of the Times'. One copy you address to my wife and the other to me. 'Cut it out'. Who gave you permission to mail me that rotten lying rag.  ? Only last week when God's people were trying to make a law to preserve the Lord's Day in Dallas, a low down bunch of Devils, calling themselves Religious Liberty Association ( they are nothing more than the damnable Seventh Day bunch) came to Dallas and helped the Devil, the two legged puppies and sluts of Dallas, and the moral degenerate manager of the Majestic thretre to defeat our measure. The fight has scarcely begun. That imfamous bunch will suffer ignominious defeat if the whole outfit has to be lynched. That is what ought to be Rene to them right now. They are a depraved, blasphemous, moral degenerate, hypocritical, devil-inspired gang of disreputable.. No discount on that whole statement. I want you to understand most distinctly that the Seventh Day bunch are the most UN-Christian, Un-American, Un-Scriptural outfit in the whole state of Oregon today. I want no more of your trashy literature - 'Signs of the Times'. 47ã  tiro, THIS letter, which we reproduce in fac-simile, was actually mailed to the Signs of the Times, a most respectable religious, paper, published at Mountain View, Calif. That which makes this letter the more remark-able is the fact that upon what are generally regarded as the fundamentals of the Christian faith,Ñ creation, the fall, the atonement, faith,  repentance, forgiveness of sins, the new birth, future rewards and punishments, etc.,Ñ the Mountain View paper is at one with the church to which the writer of the letter belongs, as well as with other evangelical churches. But the Signs of the Times is opposed to re-ligious legislation, including Sunday laws, and it is presumably for this reason that the bitter 117. 