LIBERTY 219 An appeal to the words of the Constitu-tion will be worthless. A Sunday law enforced upon one who observes another day, amounts to a government tax of over sixteen per cent of his possible earn-ing time, and therefore imposes a tax of that amount in the interests of the re-ligion of Sunday keepers. " Certainly," says Mr. Breckinridge, if the law deprives any people or per-son of a certain faith, because of that faith, of all or of any part of the rights, privileges, and immunities enjoyed by other citizens or class of citizens, it is made ` respecting' that religion, and it militates against the free exercise thereof,' as much as if the sect had been mentioned in the title of the act, and the consequences had been named as pains and penalties for the conscientious belief and observances entertained and prac-ticed." The carrying out of this principle, as promulgated by our State Department, would eliminate every Sunday law. For without question, these Sunday laws in-terfere with the rights of citizens, and are made for religion and ` respecting' religion. Class Discrimination " Unthinkable " On Dec. 6, 1911, a mass meeting was held in Carnegie Hall, New York City. It was called to protest against the same conditions that caused the foregoing cor-respondence. Among the distinguished speakers were Woodrow Wilson, Bishop David H. Greer, Champ Clark, Hon. William R. Hearst, and a number of col-lege presidents and national Congress-men. Among the resolutions unanimously adopted at that meeting, we find the fol-lowing: Š " Since the establishment of the government of the United States, all of its citizens, whether native born or naturalized, irrespective of race or creed, have been uniformly recognized as entitled, under the Constitution, to equal rights, privileges, and immunities, to freedom from all discrimination, and to absolute ex-emption from the imposition of any religious test. " The deprivation of any part of our citi-zens of any of these guaranties, the withhold- ing from the lowliest of them of any of the rights accorded to the most distinguished, or the division of our citizenship into classes, is so opposed to the spirit of our institutions as to be unthinkable." The sentiments expressed in the fore-going resolutions, if adhered to by legis-lators and jurists, would also result in the repeal or nullification of Sunday laws. A law which sets apart Sunday as a day of rest, and which intends to stop all work and pleasure, regardless of the belief and practice of others, does inter-fere with the " equal rights, privileges, and immunities " of citizens. The conse-quences following the enforcement of such legislation should appeal to all, as it does to these distinguished men, " to be unthinkable." iv iv iv Sunday Law Enforcement in Virginia FOR many years Virginia has had a Sunday law, but it had fallen in innocu-ous desuetude and was little thought of until June 18 of the present year, when it was suddenly revived by an " ouster law " passed a few months previously for the purpose of making prohibition effective. This ouster law provides for the removal of any officer found to have been remiss in the discharge of his duly to enforce " all the laws of the State." Monday, June 19, a large number of people all over Virginia, especially in the towns, were summoned to answer the charge of having violated the Sunday law. For example, in Alexandria there were eighty such cases, as stated by the Wash-ington Herald of June 20. " Out of this number there were seventy-eight acquit-tals, all being done in exactly thirty min-utes. There were more than half a dozen lawyers in court." The account con-tinues : Š " J. Reece Caton was fined five dollars for selling other than newspapers, and he appealed his case to corporation court; and Mrs. Martin Burba was fined five dollars for selling ice cream at her place of business. She paid her fine. " Justice Thompson called the cases in batches, the twenty-six milk dealers being ac- 