Contributed Articles Sunday Laws and Seventh-day Baptists in 1854 T. E. BOWEN IN the Advent Review and Sabbath Herald Š the denominational organ of Seventh-day Adventists then as well as now, published in Rochester, New York, Š of Oct. 10, 1854, a long article was printed, entitled "An Appeal to the Friends of Equal Rights and Religious Freedom, in the United States, From the Seventh-day Baptist General Confer-ence." A further headline read, " Relig-ious Liberty Endangered by Legislative Enactments." This was a live topic to these good peo-ple at that time, for in the appeal we note this : " Religious zealots, in our State legislatures and on the judicial bench, have violated the Constitution of the nation, established an article of their religious creed, and made it penal for others of different sentiments to follow out their own honest convictions of duty to God. The consequence is that eight of our brethren are at this moment under judicial sentence for their religious senti-ments, and condemned to pay four dollars each, with costs of prosecution, or suffer imprisonment in the common jail. It is not pretended that they have injured the persons, or wronged the estates or in-terests, of any of their fellow citizens. Neither is it pretended that they are lewd or intemperate persons, or profan-ers of churches. The only pretense is that they have injured the religious feelings of some others by peaceably working upon their own farms on the first day of the week, in obedience to the dictates of their own consciences and the law of God. And this is the second time, within the space of one year, that the persecution of these otherwise unoffending men, has been approved by the courts of Pennsyl-vania. In four other States of the Union, in defiance of the National Con- stitution, our fellow citizens have suf-fered prosecutions, fines, and imprison- ment, within the past year, upon similar charges. Besides this, in the States where toleration is provided for labor on our own farms and in our own work-shops on the first day of the week, all contracts, legal and commercial transac-tions, if done even among ourselves, are declared null and void by the State stat-utes. So that, even in these States, we are deprived of our constitutional and inalienable right to use one sixth part of our time for commercial, legal, and ju-dicial transactions; and then are tied up to our own premises, as though we were as dangerous to the religious interests of our fellow citizens, as rabid animals are to their persons." After citing eminent authorities against the general government having right to enact any measures by which the consciences of the humblest of its citizens shall be trampled upon, these God-fearing Seventh-day Baptists of 1854, continue their strong appeal, and cite section 17 of an act of Congress of March 3, 1825, which requires post-masters to keep their offices open on a certain portion of the first day of the week. The appeal of the Seventh-day Baptists continues : Š " But we ask our fellow citizens to con-sider by what show of justice any local tribunal can punish a private citizen for doing that on his own account which the servants and officers of the United States are doing at the same time for the use of the people, and by a law of the same government. . . . The transgression of law by them [the postmasters] is as really a crime as in the case of any other cit-izen. Our government knows nothing of those kingly rights which set emperors, monarchs, and their servants above law. If, therefore, there is no transgression of constitutional law in carrying the United States mail on the first day (com- 