COL. RiLMARD M. JoHNSON Author of the Sunday Mail Reports Q= ==== = =1=1 1=1C% Sunday Laws and Religious Liberty By Sanford B. Horton THE principles of civil and religious lib-erty are affected by Sunday laws. Civil government as established by the found-ers of this nation, stands committed against Sunday legislation because it concerns the in-herent and inalienable rights of man. The Puritan idea of civil government, with its " blue laws," which included Sunday laws, is not American by any means. It was as much against Puritanism as it was against the church and state prac-tices of European pa-pacy that our fathers proposed to guard themselves when they sat in council to form a government " of the people, by the people, and for the people," unfettered by social autocracy, religious intolerance, or politi-cal enslavement. It was a recognized right for Puritans to preach and practice what they pleased in accordance with their religious convictions, but there was no right bequeathed to them by their Creator nor granted them by the common consent of their fellows, to impose their preaching and practices upon others who might dissent. The evils of the religious laws in Puritan New England were very fresh in the minds of America's founders when they felt called upon by the Lord and by enslaved humanity of other climes to formulate a government which would guarantee equal and exact justice to all, be they religious or nonreligious. This position was not taken because our patriotic ancestry were irreligious, for they were not. Many of them were men of God in very truth, and it was because of that fact that they formed a govern-ment in which the people should be permitted self-determination in religious matters. Advocates of enforced Sunday rest seem un-mindful of the fact that in the early experi-ences of our nation the subject of Sunday laws received careful consideration and they were " turned down," to use the language of the  street, because they interfered with the right of individual self-determination in matters per-taining to the worship of God. Let those who doubt this, peruse the annals of early Con-gresses as well as the utterances of officials of the Government in the first half of the nine-teenth century. A report of the United State Senate of the Twentieth Congress, second session, Jan. 19, 1829, said: " The committee to whom were referred the several petitions on the subject of mails on the Sabbath, or first day of the week, report: . . . " It should . . . be kept in mind that the proper object of gov-ernment is to protect all persons in the en-joyment of their reli-gious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall es-teem one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy.... It is not the legitimate province of the legis-lature to determine what religion is true or what false. Our government is a civil, and not a religious, institution. . . . If the principle is once established that religion, or religious observances, shall be interwoven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it to its ultimatum.... What other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indul- gence, but as rights, of which government can- not deprive any portion of citizens, however small." What has made America the glory of all na-tions, " Time's noblest offspring "1 Has it been our inexhaustible resources, our business enterprise, our men and women? or has it been the great principles underlying our govern-mental structure Š principles of civil and re-ligious liberty, unfettered rights, as referred to in the Senate report just quoted? The coun-sel of President Wilson and others of the Amer-ican representatives to the Versailles Peace Conference, was based upon the original Ameri-can principles. There was nothing new in their 91 