LIBERTY 83 Scharrenberg said he was sorry to op-pose the demand of fellow workmen, but it was a fact that organized labor was opposed to any discrimination in respect to days; while the trade-unions want one day in seven as a respite from enforced labor, they believe the day to be selected ought to be a matter of agree-ment between employee and employer, and that no day should be arbitrarily set apart as a day of rest, inasmuch as relig-ious differences would suggest diverse conclusions as to the day in various places of business. Memorials from more than sixty chambers of commerce, boards of trade, and other civic organizations, protesting against Sunday legislation, have been added to the remonstrances filed by Seventh-day Adventists, Seventh-day Baptists, various Hebrew congregations and societies, all demanding the mainte-nance of the inherent rights of man in religious things, in harmony with the constitutional guaranties of State and nation. A single memorial, offered by the Adventists, bore the signatures of 68,559 male voters of California op-posed to a Sunday law. These united protests, added to the forceful presenta-tion made at the public hearing, impelled a Sacramento daily paper to say that the bill had been killed and a post-mortem held over its remains. No doubt is felt regarding the overwhelming defeat of the bill when it comes up on third reading. As illustrative of the methods of those who believe in the sanctity of Sunday, and who look to the state to enforce its religious observance, the recent experi-ence in Utah is educational. Not content with the drastic laws already upon the statute-books of that State, the advocates of state-enforced religion were there to demand still more drastic enactments by the legislature in January. The princi-ples of religious liberty apparently had never been expounded at Salt Lake City, but when presented at the two public hearings in house and senate, there was a ready recognition of the abundant proof of the civil guaranties, hitherto ignored,  whereby all citizens are entitled to decide for themselves which day they will ob-serve, or whether they will regard all days as alike in the conduct of legitimate business. Three bills had been presented for the purpose of making more oppressive the existing laws relating to Sunday observ-ance. These were opposed by seven bills in the senate and four bills in the house, whose object was the repeal or the sub-stantial modification of the acts then in force, so as to remove all discrimination in respect to days, and to place Sunday in the same category with other legal hol-idays. The Mormons were divided in sentiment, some declaring that the ob-servers of Sunday being in the majority in the State, all ought to conform to their practise. The Salt Lake Tribune perti-nently remarked in a column editorial de-voted to the support of religious liberty, that the rule of majorities, invoked by the Mormon paper, if carried to its logical end would wipe the Mormon hierarchy off from the face of the earth, as their adherents are in a hopeless mi-nority in the United States. The campaign in Utah was hot and fiercely waged, but the advantage was with the cause of freedom. When the issue was presented for decision on the floor of the house of representatives, the battle raged for two hours, and advance announcements had brought to the legis-lature such' a crowd as had not graced the halls of legislation at any time before during the session. Eight members ab-sented themselves from the field, but the Sunday bill was defeated by a vote of twenty-one to fifteen ; and two Mormon bishops, awakened to a sense of the prin-ciples involved, cast their votes against the measure. The result was hailed with marks of distinct approbation by the crowded assembly. In Arizona last year, in the first ses-sion of the legislature after the admis-sion of the State to the Union, a strict Sunday bill was introduced, in the osten-sible interest of labor. This bill was de-feated, after a vigorous fight upon the floor of the house of representatives, by 