102 LIBERTY In conclusion, we wish to raise the question, Will America continue in the footsteps of its patriotic ancestry, and insist that the principles of the Declara-tion of Independence shall govern the legislative, judicial, and executive de-partments of the government? or will the United States repudiate the work of the fathers by taking the path which leads Romeward ? The old bell now is silent, And hushed is its iron tongue ; But the spirit it awakened Still lives Š forever young. And while we greet the sunlight On the fourth of each July, We'll ne'er forget the bellman, Who, 'twixt the earth and sky, Rung out our independence, Which, please God, shall never die ! " ft Columbus Day and Its Meaning A. J. SAXBY BOURDEAU One Item in Catholic Progress THE unveiling of the Columbus Me-morial Fountain in the Union Station plaza, Washington, D. C., June 8, 1912, in the presence of the President and leading men in state and church circles, is but one item in the program of the Roman Catholic Church to attract at-tention to herself through homage to bne of her sons. In order to perpetuate this hero-wor-ship of Christopher Columbus, the Cath-olic navigator, by the American people, the Knights of Columbus, a Roman Catholic secret society, " numbering to-day 271,890 members," according to the Jesuit weekly America (May 25, 1912), has submitted to the Jegislatures of thir-ty-four States bills calling for the ob-servance of October 12 in each year as a " legal holiday," to be known as " Col-umbus day." The opening address at the Columbus Memorial unveiling was delivered by Justice Victor J. Dowling, of the supreme court of New York. In his remarks this speaker referred thus to the success of these efforts on the part of the Knights of Columbus to make Columbus day a holiday : Š " It is the appreciation of his [Colum-bus's] nobility of character which is leading to the spreading movement to make Columbus day a holiday, in which thirty States have now joined, and to whose ranks it is to be hoped the nation  itself will soon be added."Š Catholic Standard and Times (Philadelphia), June 15, 1912. "Now a Legal Holiday in Thirty States" The progress of the Columbus day movement is thus reported in the Catho-lic Standard and Times of June 22, 1912, under the title " Columbus Day in Thirty States : "Š " Columbus day is now a legal holiday in thirty States in the Union. " The youngest State in the Union, Arizona, was the twenty-ninth State to fall into line, and New Mexico the thir-tieth. " The thirty States are Alabama, Ari-zona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Texas, Vermont, Washington, and West Virginia." Effort to Make It a National Holiday For over six years the Knights of Co-lumbus, aided by Italian organizations taking pride in the Genoese navigator, have put forth strenuous efforts to in-duce the Congress of the United States to enact a law making the twelfth of October a legal holiday. In this move-ment Congressman Wm. Sulzer, of New York, has taken the lead. The last bill 