38 LIBERTY those who favor Sunday legislation and those who oppose it, that the Sabbath and Sabbath-keeping are means to an end, that they lengthen life, or pertain to godliness. But the Scripture declares that everything pertaining to life and godliness is a gift from God. If the Sab-bath is a gift from the divine gov-ernment, then, if obtained, it must be received from where it is, the divine gov-ernment of Christ, and not from where it is not, the civil government. Whence Comes the Sabbath If the International Reform Bureau and their supporters in Sunday legisla-tion knew, individually, that all things that pertain to life and godliness come from God's divine power, that would for-ever quench their thirst for Sunday leg-islation. They would not appeal to the civil governments for that which God alone can impart, but would, on the other hand, direct all men who desire rest, whether they be factory employees, or employees of mines, or whosoever they be, to Christ, the Sabbath-maker and liberty-giver, the only " name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved." Acts 4: 12. The day of rest sought by civil legisla-tion is either a sabbath or a holiday. If a sabbath, it is God's, and it is the duty of the individual to render it unto him. If a holiday, it should have no religious restrictions or penalties attached thereto. But every man should be free to rest or not upon the day, as he himself may elect to do ; for such is the nature of holidays. But it is sometimes contended by the advocates of Sunday legislation that the civil Sunday laws are neither in the in-terest of the sabbath nor of a holiday, but of a " civic " rest day ; because, say they, it has been scientifically demon-strated that man, in order that he ren-der his best service, must have one def-inite twenty-four-hour-day period of rest in every seven such consecutive periods. besides the nights ; therefore the appeal to civil governments for legislation, re-quiring Sunday laws in States where none exist at present, and more stringent  ones in States where they do exist. But is there a man living wha observes the scientifically demonstrated ( ?) rule? How about the literary men who fre-quently work into the small hours of the morning? And there are many other equally conclusive demonstrations of the absurdity of the Reform Bureau's propo-sition. Every true-hearted, fair-minded man ought to be willing to abide by the deci-sion of our Lord, and leave all questions pertaining to worship with the divine government, thus rendering to the divine government all things pertaining to re-ligion Š worship Š and to the civil gov-ernment the things that by divine right belong to it. Let us not assume to stand in God's place, and trench upon the divine rights of our brother. Mountain View, Cal. The Laymen's Movement ALLEN MOON THE Laymen's movement is at pres-ent attracting attention in church circles, and is regarded by many as a missionary movement worthy of confidence and sup-port. The initial movement was the or-ganization of Brotherhood societies in, and by, the leading Protestant churches of the land. These did not long remain independent, but very soon began a movement following in the wake of the churches looking toward the formation of a federal body. The third annual meeting of the Pres-byterian Brotherhood of America, held in Pittsburg, Pa., Feb. 24 and 25, 1909, was attended by between three and four hundred delegates, representing all branches of Presbyterian Brotherhoods. These were joined by delegates from the Presbyterian Brotherhood of Canada, and representatives of the Baptist, Con-gregational, Methodist, United Brethren. Universalist. Christian, and Episcopal Brotherhoods of men's movements, and also delegates from the Young Men's Christian Association. 