12 LIBERTY Every man is equally entitled to the pro-tection of the law without regard to his opinions or his religious faith. A Blow at Labor The proposed act is objectionable in that it mixes that which is admittedly evil (gambling) with that which is laudable (honest labor) in order the more suc-cessfully to exalt and establish by law a religious ordinance. No man has a right to put honest toil and gambling in the same category even for the sake of ma-king an ordinance of the church a matter of statutory law. Against any commin-gling of honest toil with the operations of the confidence man, the gambling device, and games of chance, through the phrase-ology of the civil law, every son of toil ought to raise his voice in earnest pro-test. If the Sunday institution can not be maintained without the support of hu-man law, and can not obtain that support without disgracing honest labor by put-ting it in the same class with gambling and games of chance, it has no business in this world. The passage of such an act as this would make it possible that honest toilers would be imprisoned for the performance of labor done on a certain day. But to imprison men for labor is to debase labor, to disgrace the laborer, and to put a premiumŁ upon idleness. Government Not to Decide Religious Controversies Why is Sunday singled out as a day of enforced idleness? Š Out of respect for the religion of which it is a part. But there are other religions and other relig-ious customs and ceremonies. Are all men equal before the law here? If so, then the religious customs of other men have an equal right to legal recognition' and to enforcement upon other people. Once the government enters upon such a course, there is no end to the trouble inci-dent thereto. The Fundamental Reason for the Law It is generally agreed that periods of rest are beneficial to the health of indi-viduals ; but it does not at all follow, nor can it possibly be proved that all must take their rest at the same time in order to reap that benefit. Neither is it a safe or defensible postulate that whatever is beneficial to the health must be enforced by law. Laws for the enforcement of rest upon Sunday, stand upon a basis that is not in any proper sense civil. The enforcement of a church ordinance is the fundamental reason for this law. Government Can Not Justly Enforce Any Sabbatic Period The fact that every day of the week is observed as a sabbath by the adherents of some faith ought to demonstrate to every one that civil government can not justly and impartially enforce any sab-batic period; for to do so it must favor one class and coerce all others. And the coercion of individual conscience is no legitimate business of civil government. The government itself becomes uncivil in attempting to carry on any such opera-tions. Such Legislation Destroys Equality of Men The advocates of a Sunday law hold, in the language of Judge Woodward (26 Pa. 324, 1855), that a " Christian people should have laws to protect their day of rest from desecration." Then must the judge and those who hold with him as-sume that the Christian has more rights in this country than have others, and that the Sunday-keeping Christian has more rights than the Christian who ob-serves the seventh day. By the passage of such a law the equality of men under the law is destroyed; for it would never be conceded that the Jew and the Chris-tian of the seventh-day school and the observer of Friday should have laws to protect their day of rest from desecration. All such measures are religious meas- 