62 LIBERTY was chiefly religious. It was an effort to strongly support the Papacy not only in the Old World, but after the discovery of America to secure for it a firm footing in the New. It failed, however, as every effort deserves to fail that seeks to clothe the church with the power of the state. As we have said before in these columns, the primary plan of a league of nations is a worthy conception. No one can fail to sympathize with the hope of the noble men who are pro-moting it, that it will prevent war; but on the  other hand no one ought to close his eyes to the evident danger to liberty of conscience that will grow out of this thing if they shall suffer it to become united with the church, or with a church, or even with religion in the abstract, in such a way as to afford ground for insisting that the league shall define and administer in any degree the law of God. That law, being spiritual, can be only spiritually discerned, and must be spiritually obeyed, to render the sem ice helpful to the individual and acceptable to God. C. P. B. Sunday Baseball Approved By the Managing Editor ON April 8, the New York Assembly passed Senator Thompson's bill, pre-viously adopted by the senate, legal-izing Sunday motion picture shows; and also on the same day it passed the bill of Senator Walker permitting Sunday baseball games. Later these bills were both approved by the governor, and are now laws. Now the editors of LIBERTY do not believe that moving picture shows, baseball, etc., are at all consistent with Sabbath keeping. Indeed, as such things are conducted they are of ques-tionable moral value upon any day. But why should the civil state prohibit such sports and entertainments at any time? These things are legal six days in the week. Why not on Sun-day? Is there any purely civil reason for prohibiting on Sunday that which is freely per-mitted, or even encouraged by the civil author-ities, upon other days? Certainly not. The only reasons that can be assigned are religious reasons. Indeed there are some very good civil reasons why civilly innocent amusements should be per-mitted or even encouraged not only on Sunday but on all days upon which large numbers of people are idle, or at least unemployed. The saying is true, that " Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do; " or in other words, idleness breeds not only moral but civil wrong-doing; not only sin, but crime. Much as we may deplore the fact, it is never-theless a fact that a majority of the people are not Christians in the full sense of that word. It is doubtful if even a majority of church members are all that Christians ought to be. This all being true, it is not a theory but a condition that confronts civil government; so that upon every holiday large numbers of peo-ple are idle, and many of them will get into mischief of a more or less civilly serious na-ture. Now, as a purely civil proposition, which is the wiser course for the civil authorities to pursue, to permit such civilly innocent amuse-ments as " movies " and baseball for the en-tertainment of the nonreligious, or to prohibit such things in the supposed interests of religion and in the real interests of secret things of a far more objectionable character than mere amusements, things sure to be indulged secretly, such as crap shooting, card playing (often for money), the telling of filthy stories, the indul-gence of secret vices, etc.? There can be but one answer to such a ques-tion except from the standpoint of those who believe that civil government has a moral per-sonality and that it is morally responsible to God to enforce at least a decent outward re-spect for religion and its institutions. But here again is room for a wide difference of opinion as to what constitutes a' decent outward respect for things religious. In Spain and some parts of South America, it means that every-body must uncover in the presence of a reli-gious procession, especially of the holy sacra-ment, or wafer, believed by Roman Catholics to be the body and blood of our Lord himself, but held by Protestants to be only an object of idolatrous worship. As we view it, the popu-lace generally ought not to be required to show any more deference for a religious procession than for any other; traffic should yield reason-ably to it, as is done in the case of civil pro-cessions, funerals, etc., but nobody who is not religious should be required to set as if he were religious. In other words, the people ought only to be required by civil law to act civilly. The same principle should govern in the case of Sunday observance. Afford every reasonable facility for the observance of the day by those who want to observe it, but require nobody to keep it who does not wish to do so. 