6  LIBERTY The genius of civil government is of God. The people may, under the over-ruling prov-idence of God, select the individual who shall occupy the seat of power; but inas-much as he is " a minister of God," he is primarily responsible to God for the admin-istration of his office. He is, of course, responsible to the people as one who has been chosen to be, under Goal, a servant of the people; and he is in duty bound to con-serve the interests of all the people. He who attempts to favor a majority of the body politic through whose suffrages he ob-tained office, at the expense of the minority whose first choice fell upon some other man, is a mere political partizan, and is utterly unworthy of the title of a statesman. He is a spoiler of the people, rather than a ruler of the people. Sacred history furnishes striking examples of the principles herein set forth. Nebu-chadnezzar, the king of Babylon, became a universal ruler by the direct providence of God. Through the prophet Jeremiah, Je-hovah said: " I have made the earth, the men and the beasts that are upon the face of the earth, by My great power and by My outstretched arm; and I give it unto whom it seemeth right unto Me. And now have I given all these lands into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, My servant; and the beasts of the field also have I given him to serve him. And all the nations shall serve him, and his son, and his son's son." Jehovah called Nebuchadnezzar " My servant." Although Nebuchadnezzar con-ducted the usual campaigns of conquest against the surrounding nations, yet Jehovah declares that it was He who gave these na-tions into the hand of the king of Babylon. Jehovah then held Nebuchadnezzar respon-sible to Himself for the right use of the power placed in his hands. As God's servant, Nebuchadnezzar was to rule the people wisely in their temporal af-fairs, leaving God Himself to deal with them in spiritual things. When he at-tempted to usurp the prerogatives of God by issuing a royal edict governing the ob-ject and manner of the people's worship, the Ruler of heaven interfered, and by de-livering His worshipers from the burning fiery furnace, he wrought into history the  principle which Jesus of Nazareth after-ward enunciated in words, " Render there-fore unto 'Caesar the things that are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." When Nebuchadnezzar's heart was lifted up because of his greatness and the extent of his kingdom, and he refused to recognize that he was God's servant, responsible to Him for the conduct of the affairs of the kingdom, those godlike faculties which en- PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT abled him to rule among men, were taken from him, and he became as a beast of the field. This was done that he might know " that the Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will." The same lesson concerning the legitimate sphere of the authority of civil rulers and their responsibility to the King of heaven is taught in the experience of Darius the Mede, who commanded Daniel the prophet to be cast into the den of lions because he prayed to God contrary to the decree of the king. When the earthly king disre-garded his responsibility to the heavenly King, he was made to know that the power which ordained civil government was to be reckoned with in the administration of that government. 