11111111 111 11111111,11111111111111m,,1,111,1111111,1,1111,01,1111/,j,r,r,,1111/ 1 I 11111111111111111.1.,111.  'LE ig =. Ł Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Leviticus 15 io. VOL. XIV SECOND QUARTER, 1919 NO. 2  The Causes of     vA BOLSHEVISM and the Remedy By the Editor THE reign of Bolshevism in Russia is only natural. No other results could have ob-tained under such conditions. Centuries of tyrannical and autocratic rule in Russia could have produced no other fruitage. The autocratic power of the state claimed absolute control over the bodies, while the equally autocratic authority of the established church held tyrannical dominance over the souls, of all people in Russia. The individual had no rights which he could call his own. He was a mere tool, or serf, of the Russian state, and was not permitted to follow his conscience except as the Holy Synod of the Russian church directed. The church and the state were abso-lute in authority in all things, and the indi-vidual was nothing, except as he could be utilized to serve some end in behalf of the Russian church or state. The Russian people had felt the iron heel of oppression on their necks for many years. This kept growing heavier with each passing year, and their love and respect for the church and the state kept growing less and less in propor-tion as they were being deprived of their civil and religious rights by the political and eccle-siastical autocrats. The whole political and ecclesiastical government of Russia had re-solved itself into one of thp worst tyrannical and despotic military machines the world ever saw. When once in the grip of this inhuman machine, no man could say his body or his soul was his own. From the highest officers in the state and in the established church, to the lowest lieutenant and priest in the ranks, there was no court of appeal in defense of the com- mon rights of the common people to which any man could resort. The great masses of the people were 'being ground to powder by the political, military, and religious autocrats, and the common people had no advocate to plead their cause. They saw, finally, that their only hope of deliverance from their dilemma was to insti-tute a revolution against the old regime of the Russian autocratic form of government at a time when the possibilities of a successful revo-lution were most promising. In this the Rus-sian people as a mass were a unit. Bolshevism was the natural outgrowth of the despotic and tyrannical rule of civil, military, and religious autocracy in Russia. The present revolutionary movement in Rus-sia and in other countries where civil and re-ligious autocracy has fallen before the onward march of Bolshevism, should teach an impres-sive and lasting lesson to the remaining gov-ernments of men that have not yet fallen under this disintegrating influence. No government can afford to be tyrannical in dealing with any portion of its citizens, by ignoring civil and religious rights which are God-given and in-alienable. Any government that treats its citi-zens or any portion of them as mere subjects and serfs, having no rights which they can call their own, in either civil or religious concerns, is bound, sooner or later, to reap the harvest of its own seed sowing. If a government sows to the wind of tyranny, it must reap the whirl-wind of Bolshevism. It must expect to reap more than it sows. This is an unvarying law of nature. 27 