LIBERTY 37 George Washington on Religious Liberty WE are not only happy that Washing-ton's works still abide, but that his won-derful words are still with us,Š those words which aided the cause of freedom so effectively at the time the First A.mendment was pending. We let him speak again on this subject : Š If I could have entertained the slightest ap-prehension that the Constitution framed by the convention where I had the honor to pre-side, might possibly endanger the religious rights of any ecclesiastical society, certainly I would never have placed my signature to it; and if I could now conceive that the general government might ever be so administered as to render the liberty of conscience insecure, I beg you will be persuaded that no one would be more zealous than myself to establish ef-fectual barriers against the horrors of spiritual tyranny and every species of religious per-secution. Of all the animosities which have existed among mankind, those which are caused by a difference of sentiments in religion appear to be the most inveterate and distressing, and ought most to be deprecated. I was in hopes that the enlightened and liberal policy, which has marked the present age, would at least have reconciled Christians of every denomina-tion so far that we should never again see their religious disputes carried to such a pitch as to endanger the peace of society. The government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion. Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen, is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience. All possess alike liberty of conscience and immunities of citizenship. It is now no more that toleration is spoken of as if it was by the indulgence of one class of people that an-other enjoyed the exercise of their inherent natural right. For happily the government of the United States, which gives to bigotry no sanction, to persecution no assistance, requires only that they who live under its protection shall de-mean themselves as good citizens. These words from America's first and foremost statesman at the time of the construction of our Constitutional sys-tem, ought to be repeated again and again, lest we forget the hand that re-deemed us from political and ecclesias- tical tyranny. With Washington, justice meant justice to all alike. Before the law of justice, he knew neither great nor small, many nor few ; he wanted the law applied equally to all. George Washing-ton uttered most of the statements given above, because of the prevalent idea that as the Jew and the seventh-day Christian were few in number, their rights of con-science were not to be respected. He wanted justice done to all, weak or strong. C. S. L. Two Concrete Examples OKLAHOMA and Arkansas each, dur-ing the last autumn, have furnished a concrete example of the injustice of Sunday laws and of the sentiment that is back of such laws, and of the utter futility and insufficiency of exemption clauses. With the Oklahoma case our readers are already familiar. In that case con-scientious Christian men, observers of the seventh day, have been prosecuted in that State for selling goods in a store on Sunday. In the cases in which fines were im-posed the court ruled out all evidence offered by the defense to show that they regularly observed another day and did no business or work of any kind on that day. This evidence was offered for the purpose of showing that they came within the exemption provided by the statute for persons who conscientiously observe as the Sabbath a day other than Sunday ; but in this instance the court excluded all such evidence, thus prac-tically setting aside the exemption clause of the State of Oklahoma. The following letter touching a recent case in Arkansas will be read with in-terest : Š BRIGHTON, ARK., Oct. 31, 1915. Editor Liberty Magazine. DEAR SIR : This morning I and my son, a boy ten years old, went to pick peas. We were back in a cornfield, at least a fourth of a mile from the road, picking peas, and not saying a word to any one. The constable hunted us up and arrested me, and took me 