LIBERTY fellow men to observe a religious institution or render a religious service in which they have no faith, is for them to attempt to force them to sin. We oppose Sunday legislation because matters of religion are wholly outside the legitimate field of civil government. It is not the province of the state to determine whether there be such an institution as the Sabbath, or what day is the Sabbath, or how the Sabbath should be observed. Its whole duty in this matter is to protect each citizen in the choice which he may make, either to observe a particular day or to observe no day, provided only that he may not interfere with the right of others to fol-low their choice, and may not perform any uncivil act under the cover of religion. It is an offense against society to disturb a company of worshipers or any other peace-able gathering on any day of the week, and it is no greater crime to do this on one day of the week than on another. Just as soon as the state occupies any other ground, it sets up a state theology, and establishes, to a greater or less extent, a union of church and state. For these reasons we are op-posed to all Sunday laws. The State Personality Doctrine IN the last issue of LIBERTY we briefly expressed our views upon this subject in these words:Š We reject utterly the National Reform theory that the state is in itself a moral person distinct from the people, having an individuality and a responsibility to God of its own. In the October issue of The Christian Statesman reference is made to our dis-belief of this fundamental article in the National Reform creed, and a brief defense of his position is made by the editor. From this article we quote: Š It occurs to us now to say that if we are mistaken in this position, and our op-ponent is right, the common thought and speech of mankind are also wrong, and must be corrected. All men seem to regard nations as moral agents, condemn them for wrongful acts, and applaud them for doing right. With the growing oneness of the  world, and the increasing facility of inter-course between nations, there has been developed a world-conscience, and the na-tions are becoming increasingly sensitive to the world's opinion and to the blame or approval of sister nations. All history is written in terms of moral condemnation or approval of the conduct of nations. . . . We thank LIBERTY for thus frankly di-recting the discussion to a fundamental and vital point in our whole controversy. We recognize anew, as we always have, the crucial importance of this position. We cheerfully accept the battle which is offered on this point. We are only sorry for an antagonist who does not realize how tremendously the odds are against him, and that the task he has ut der-taken is no less than the rewriting of his-tory, the reconstruction of political science as taught by its great masters, the imposi-tion of new and violent interpretations on the Holy Scriptures, and the reversal of the ordinary moral judgment of mankind. We appreciate the Statesman's expres-sion of sympathy, but we urge it not to weep for us, but for itself and its mistaken followers. Its interpretation of history, of political science, of the Holy Scriptures, and of the judgment of mankind, must be the result either of a limited study of this subject or the arbitrary rejection of those authorities which differ from its own con-clusion. In either case it is unreliable. What is a State In the consideration of this doctrine we do not propose to rest our case upon tnere assertions or abstract arguments, but rather to bring forward the testimony of writers whose authority will command respect. First let us settle what a state or nation really is. Bouvier in his " Law Diction-ary " declares that it is " a self-sufficient body of persons united together in one community for the defense of their rights and to do right and justice to foreigners. In this sense the state means the whole people united into one body politic." In delivering the opinion of the Supreme Court of the United States in the case of Texas versus White (7 Wallace, pages '720, 721), Chief Justice Chase defined a state thus: " It sometimes describes a peo-ple or community of individuals united more or less closely in political relations, 