LIBERTY 103 requesting him to issue such a procla-mation. It was thought not proper to refuse a compliance altogether ; but a form and language were employed which were meant to deaden as much as possible any claim of political right to enjoin religious  observances by resting these expressly on the voluntary compliance of individuals, and even by. limiting the recommenda-tion to such as wished a simultaneous as well as voluntary performance of a reli-gious act on the occasion.Š Harper's Magazine, March, 1914. True Principles of the Reformation W. F. MARTIN IN the year 152o, Luther had a famous controversy with Eck. The latter ap-pealed to Rome. Luther wrote a pam-phlet which was distributed throughout the empire. In this pamphlet is found the following: Š " By what right, I demand, has the Pope given us laws? Who gave him the power to bring into bondage the free-dom we receive in baptism? . . . I as-sert that neither Pope nor bishop nor any human being has the right to bind a single syllable upon any Christian man, except with his own consent ; and what-ever is done otherwise is tyrannically done." It is easy to see from this that the great Reformer was opposed to coercion in matters of faith. Where did Luther get this wisdom? . He must have secured it from Him who said, " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." Not long after this, in fact soon after Luther's return from the Wartburg, he published another pamphlet, entitled " The Secular Power and How Far Obe-dience Is Due to It," in which he said : " Its duty is to secure external peace and order, and to protect men Š their per-sons and property Š against ill doers. . . . But God cannot and will not allow any one but himself to rule the soul. Whenever, therefore, the temporal power presumes to legislate for the soul, it en-croaches. No one can or shall force an-other to believe." " God's word must here fight. Heresy is something spirit-ual, that cannot be hewn with steel or  burned with fire." And again : " Body, gold, and goods God has given over to the emperor; the heart he has reserved to himself. The church is to be gov-erned with the sp%oken sword, the rod of the mouth, which alone touches the conscience. The civil authority has noth-ing else than the sword of the fist and a rod of wood." And as their means are different, so are their ends. " The end and aim of the church is the peace of eternity ; that of the state is peace on earth." In this, the two spheres of church and state are clearly set forth,Š one, the peace of eternity ; the other, peace on earth. One is to accomplish its work by the sword of steel, the other by the sword of the Spirit. Again, it will be noticed that the great Reformer recog-nized the fact that God has reserved the heart for himself. All this goes to show that Luther, in his battle with Rome, de-nied the right of the civil power to prescribe forms or dogmas of religion. Thus we have at first hand the ideas and principles of the prime mover of the Ref-ormation. In the year 1530, the emperor Charles came to Innsbruck and convened the Diet of Augsburg. To this came the Protes-tant princes with a great document writ-ten by Melanchthon, which embodied the beliefs and doctrines that were accepted and taught by the Reformers. Pertinent to the purpose of this article, the follow-ing will be found in the Augsburg Con-fession :Š " We are compelled, therefore, for the 