136 LIBERTY unjust to those who do not consider it a duty to keep that day? 26. Would a Saturday law restrict the religious liberty of those who are com-pelled against their will to keep that day? 27. Will not the same apply to a Sun-day law ? 28. Can a law that restricts religious liberty be a good law? 29. Is such a law in harmony with American principles of religious liberty? 30. Are the advocates of such a law true Americans? 31. If it is well to compel people to rest on Sunday out of respect to religion, why would it not be well to compel them  to go to church and support the preacher? 32. Is it not true that a man's right to his time is as sacred as his right to his money? 33. That being true, if the government can take a part of a man's time for the support of religion, can it not as right-fully tax him to support the gospel min-ister? 34. Is it not the only safe rule to " keep the church and the state forever separate "? Š U. S. Grant. " THERE IS NOT A SHADOW OF RIGHT IN THE GENERAL GOV-ERNMENT TO INTERMEDDLE WITH RELIGION."Š Jas. Madison. tV tt Religion the Real Basis of Sunday Laws S. B. HORTON THE majority of those who maintain that the state is warranted in enacting Sunday laws, hold that physical rest is the paramount justification for such leg-islation. But this can not be borne out by any portion of the history of Sunday legislation from the time that the first Sunday law was enacted in 321 to the present time. We maintain that religion is the actu-ating influence in the whole matter: We believe this to be the only conclusion in the light of the following representative statements by the Sunday-law advo-cates: Š " Give us good Sunday laws, well en-forced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers, and our young men and women will be at-tracted to the divine service. A mighty combination of the churches of the United States could win from Congress, the State legislatures, and municipal councils all legislation essential to this splendid result."Š Rev. S. V. Leech, in Homiletic Review, November, 1892. " The experience of centuries shows that you will in vain endeavor to preserve Sunday as a day of rest, unless you pre- serve it as a day of worship."Š Dr. Jo-seph Cook, in Boston Monday Lectures, in 1887. " A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out, and you take the rest out."Š Rev. W. F. Crafts," Hearing on Sunday Rest Bill," Dec. 13, 1888, page 21. " During nearly all our American his-tory, the churches have influenced the States to make and improve Sabbath laws."Š Rev. W. F. Crafts, in Christian Statesman, July 3, 189o. We also maintain that civil laws com-pelling the observance of Sunday dis-criminate in favor of that religious sect which observes Sunday as a day of rest and worship. Regarding this point, it is well known that other sects in the United States observe the seventh day of the week as a day of rest and worship. It is also a well-known fact that there is theological controversy over the ques-tion of Sabbath observance, one party to the controversy holding that, in accord-ance with the fourth commandment, the seventh day of the week should be ob- 