32 LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Bureau Department of the General Conference of Seventh day Adventists WASHINGTON, D. C., SECOND QUARTER, 1907 Subscription Price - - 25 cents per year To Foreign Countries - 50 " " " Published Quarterly by REVIEW Cef HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN.  TACOMA PARK STATION, WASHINGTON, D. C. Entered as second-class matter, May I, moo, post-office at Washington, D. C., under the Congress of March 3, 1879. at the act of A HUMAN prop to a divine institution is more of a hindrance than a help. A FREE church in a free state is the only possible foundation of true freedom. To enact religion into law makes religion a machine, and worship in obedience thereto a mockery. GOD does not delegate to mortals the power to visit vengeance upon other mor-tals for refusing salvation. JUVENAL says, " No man ever arrived suddenly at the summit of vice." So like-wise no nation departs from the right and becomes a persecutor in a day. The process of apostasy from right principles is a gra-dual one, and at first sometimes almost im-perceptible. IN an article in the North American Re-view, of April 5, 1907, Archbishop Ireland says: " The pope is the head of the church : they who are separated from the pope are separated from the church." The New Testament plainly teaches that Christ is the head of the church, and that the head of every man is Christ. Eph. I : 22, 23 ; Col. : 18; I Cor. II : 3. The papacy puts a man in the place of Christ, and seeks to bind every one and everything to this man. But man worship is bondage. The apostle Paul writes: " Ye are bought with a price; be not ye the servants of men." I Cor. 7:23. LORD MACAULAY, one of England's great-est statesmen, essayists, and historians, was ever a friend of liberty. On retiring from political life ten years before his death, in a speech, he said : " I can not accuse myself of having ever been untrue, either to the cause of civil or religious liberty." THE United States government, the States of California and Idaho, and the Territory of Arizona are the only governments within the jurisdiction of the United States which still have no Sunday laws. But the advo-cates of religious legislation have made strong efforts in each, the past winter, to have Sunday laws enacted. In each case thus far, we are glad to say, the effort has failed. AT a meeting of the Knights of Colum-bus, a lay militant organization of the Cath-olic Church, held in Washington, D. C., recently, Mr. John G. Euring said: " We must fight and contend to spread the knowl-edge of the church." This is a mistaken idea. The knowledge that needs to be spread is the knowledge of Christ and his gospel. Preaching a church is proselytism ; preaching Christ is evangelization. Religious Liberty Leaflets PER NO. PAGES I00 I. Principles Too Little Under- stood  8 Soc 2. Sunday Laws  8 5oc 3. Logic of Sabbath Legislation  8 5oc 4. The Civil Sabbath. 12 75c 5. Civil Government and the Church     4 25c 6. Religious Liberty Š What Emi- nent Authorities Say. 12 75c 7. The Church's Greatest Need To-day     4 25c 8. Church Federation 12 75c 9. Limits of Civil Authority  4 25c II:). A Vital Question Š Is the Sabbath a Civil Institution? 8 Soc What are Works of Charity and Necessity?  4 25c 12. " Backward States "  8 50C REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. TAKOMA PARK, WASHINGTON, D. C. 