" Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen, is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in wor-shiping God. according to the dictates of his own conscience."Š George Washington. 4 LIBERTY the most significant and important occa-sions of modern times, in the interests of universal peace. It has been estimated that there were twelve hundred delegates present. The object of this Congress was to arouse public sentiment in favor of the coming Hague Conference, which is to con-vene at The Hague, June 15, 1907. Religious Liberty MRS. E. G. WHITE CHRIST came to set men free. He said, " The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me; because the Lord bath anointed me . . . to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound." I s a . 61: z. Perfect liberty is found only in Christ. God's law is called the law of lib-erty. The inspired word calls that law a hedge. It marks out t h e unchangeable principles of right between man and God, a n d between man and man, which must be recognized, else liberty is impos-s i b l e to intelligent beings. All slavery, physical, moral, and intellectual comes from breaking that law. Liberty is found only in obe-dience to it. Still there is a sort of slavery in the futile attempt to keep it in our own strength. But Christ, through the new covenant, writes that law in the heart, so that we not only have power to keep it, but his will becomes ours, and with Christ we de-light to do his will, because his law is in our hearts. Here is perfect liberty. The perfectly saved will be perfectly free. Throughout eternity they will do just what they please, because they please to do just what makes liberty and joy possible. Now, as to the relation of the state to the conscience of man. Christ found men enslaved to kings and to priests. He taught that all men are brothers, sons of one Father, and therefore equal before the law, Š equal in civil rights. Rulers were, there-fore, only their servants, chosen, under God to protect them in the enjoyment of their rights. He freed us from the chains of priestcraft, by teaching the absolute inde-pendence of the individual soul in matters religious, and by promising the Spirit of truth to guide each one into all truth. It is true that all liberty comes through keeping God's law, but God himself, who wrote that law in the hearts of men in the beginning, who spoke it amid the thunders of Sinai, that all might hear and obey, who waits through the new covenant to rewrite it in every trusting soul,Š God himself, who did all this, still made man as free to 'disobey these precepts as to obey them. Why did God allow all this fear-ful iniquity that man might be made free? To this there can be but one an-swer. It was be-cause he knew the worthlessness of all forced obedience, and that, therefore, the freedom to sin was absolutely nec-sary to the possibil-ity of righteousness. After having made men free to sin, that the internal principle of love might work itself out in outward acts of righteousness un-hindered by force,Šafter having made men thus, has God given to any human authority the right to take away that free-dom, and so thwart his plans? He has com-manded all men to worship him and obey his precepts, and this command applies to each individual personally; but has he ever commanded any man or set of men to compel others to worship him, or to act even outwardly as if they worshiped him? To ask these questions is to an- 