94 LIBERTY prohibition, how can it be right for a city or county Š a part of the State Š to adopt local prohibition? It strikes us that the cardinal is not consistent. To oppose State-wide prohibition because one regards it as impracticable is one thing Š one might do this and still hon-estly favor local option for utilitarian  reasons ; but to oppose it because it inter-feres with personal liberty is quite an-other thing, and makes it impossible for the one so opposing to favor at the same time local prohibition. He who opposes State-wide prohibition in the interests of personal liberty necessarily opposes it in all its forms. W As a Correspondent Sees It THIS letter, written by a minister who in 1888 was a candidate for governor of Indiana, is worthy of a careful reading, inasmuch as it sets forth briefly one phase of so-called National Reformism. Our reply, which follows the letter, should be read with equal care. The letter runs as follows : Š GRAND RAPIDS, MICH., Nov. 18, 1915. Editor LIBERTY, Washington, D. C. DEAR COLABORER : I have just read in a copy of LIBERTY your war upon the Papacy and its works of the devil; and I applaud the war you wage, but regret your method. You are at a distinct disadvantage in allowing yourself to accept and entertain an issue between the Roman Church and civil government, or be-tween any church and the civic state. When Rome asserts (if she does) that Christ is " Lord of lords and King of kings," she tells God's truth; but when she sets up the Papacy, or Roman Church, as Christ's representative, she puts up a lie, a fraud; and the one and only way to meet and foil her claim is to set up the righteousness of God as set forth in the person of Jesus Christ by his moral and humanitarian standard. You are burdened with a wrong conception of the assumptions of all churches to be fiat and preordained custodians of the mission and message of Christ, and fail to see that he was the pure democrat who made all his promises to the individual. You are hampered by the Protestant idea, and need to see that Chris-tianity is not a negation, not a protest of any kind against anything, but primarily the af-firmative of God's rule, and that Christ is his greatest civic representative; and as he did more for the race than any other, he has the right to rule; and that his followers alone as his moral and humanitarian representatives can [ought to] be put into office. The separation of church and state is now but the ghost of an old dead issue by which  you seem hampered. The Roman Church is Roman paganism versus Christ and progress. Join the issue where we can carry the best men and purest principles, and where it would exalt righteousness. The dismissal of Christ from our civic organism is as bad as Rome says it is, and Rome is as bad as you say it is. It was well enough to divorce a heathen church from a heathen state; but that is a graveyard issue. I hope in good conscience that God will re-member my good purpose in writing you these frank and deserving truths. Make the fight so that our victory will not go to the credit of Robert Ingersoll or Tom Paine, and their like, though they say that the church had disgraced the name of Christ. Do so, and God help you. I am Yours truly, T. S. HUGHES. Holland, Mich. P. S.Š A Christian National party would force Rome to the issue, and there her defeat would be sure and permanent, and our vic-tory the righteous overthrow of all ecclesias-ticism, and the settling down upon the highest ideal of a world-wide Christian democracy. J. S. H. The article referred to was, we sup-pose, the one by P. T. Magan, M. D., " The Pope, the Powers, and Peace." It was not intended to be, nor was it, a " war upon the Papacy and its works of the devil." It was a plain setting forth of definite facts touching a certain phase of political Romanism, against which Protestants not only protest, but from which many Catholics dissent. The trouble with the theory advocated by Mr. Hughes is that it seeks to dis-place the Papacy of the Pope by a Prot-estant papacy not one whit better. We understand perfectly that real Protes-tantism is not a mere negation, " but pri- 