LIBERTY 57 church, reform bodies, labor unions, commercial unions, must unite to preserve the Lord's day. " Let us preserve Christian America and the Christian Sabbath in America." It will be observed that there is in this no pretense that the day is a civil institution or that the Sunday-law advocates seek to enforce it as such. The whole argument is upon the religious basis. The demand is made that the political state shall intervene by law for the protection and preservation of a religious in-stitution for purely religious reasons. But how will it be when they come before Congress? Ah, then, according to previous ar-rangement and understanding, the so-called civil phase will be emphasized. They will then plead the rights of " the poor workingman;" whereas, in reality " the poor working man " is not in all their thoughts at any other time. B. ItE IV An Unavoidable Conclusion LIBERTY magazine does not rejoice in the fact that many of the church people of Washington seem to prefer the Sunday show to the Sunday sermon. Indeed, attendance by Christians upon shows at any time is of doubtful propriety. If the rule were followed by all Christians of not going anywhere that they could not ask the Saviour to go with them, there, are few shows that would command any church patronage whatever. Even those shows most highly rec-ommended as " educational " have in them more or less for which the Christian must apologize, and which he must excuse to himself. The very atmosphere of the playhouse, whether it be the nickelodeon or the opera house, is, to say the least, antispiritual. This being true, the fact that shows of all kinds are patronized as largely as they are by church people is alarming; and this is just as true when they are not permitted to operate on Sunday as it is in Washington, where the shows are open every day. The only difference, then, between Washing-ton and some other cities in this respect is that here people are left free at all times to make choice between going to church and going to a show, whereas in some cities the church is about the only place that is open on Sunday. Now we submit that there is little virtue in enforced attendance at church. And we main-tain that it is no part of the duty of the gov-ernment to promote church attendance by giv-ing religious services a monopoly of Sunday. If the civil government enters that field at all, where shall the line be drawn? If the civil authorities have such a duty, why stop at pro-hibiting shows and other popular attraetionst why not do as they did in colonial Massachu-setts, compel people to attend church under penalty of fine or impriaonmenti It is insisted that Sunday laws are necessary to the preservation of " the American Sabbath." That may be true of " the American Sabbath " as a civil institution, but it is not true of the Sabbath of the Lord. Those who regard any day as " unto the Lord," will regard it whether it is protected by the civil law or not. It is a well-known fact that there are in Washington and its suburbs about twelve hun-dred Christian people who observe, not Sunday, the first day of the week, but Saturday, the seventh day, as holy unto the Lord. Not only is this day without legal protection, but in many respects it is the busiest day of all the week. That fact does not, however, deter from its ob-servance those who regard it " unto the Lord." Nor does the noise and bustle of a busy city disturb their worship. They ask no legal pro tection for the day, and neither do they expect any. They are not disturbed, simply 1,ecause they have not accustomed themselves to th.nk and to feel that others should be compelled to believe as they believe, to do as they do, and to worship at the same time and in the same manner as they worship. As for the shows, they receive but little patronage from these people upon any day, and none at all upon their day of worship. Their Sabbath law is not a civil statute of the United States, but the fourth commandment of the deealogue, framed and promulgated by the God of heaven. They ask nothing more; they desire no other law; they need no protection in their observance of the day. The laws that protect all well-behaved people are all they need; the statutes that safe-guard the right of peaceable assembly at all proper times and in all suitable places are ample for the protection of their services. If any of their numbers disregard the day, they invoke against them no civil penalty; but after proper effort to restore them to the paths of rectitude, in case of failure they simply withdraw from them the hand of fellowship, leaving the final adjudication of their cases to the judgment of the great day, and all punishment to be meted out by the great Judge himself. The Sabbath is a spiritual institution. It is the sign of God's creative power; and accepted and observed, it is the sign to him who observes it of God's sanctifying and keeping power. And being spiritual, the Sabbath is not dependent upon any human law. If " the American Sab-bath " is " imperiled," if it must have the sup-port of civil statutes or perish from the earth, it is because it is a human and not a divine institution. There is no avoiding this conclu- sion. B. tit OE IF it is proper to legislate to compel all peo-ple to be idle on Sunday, why did the Lord curse Sodom because of an abundance of idle-ness/ Idleness is the curse, not the cure of a nation 