184 LIBERTY ing to establish the kingdom of God by legal enactments : Š " There was one sacrifice too great for Christ to make. He was willing to leave the throne of the universe for the manger of Bethlehem ; willing to grow up as the son of a poor carpenter ; willing to be called the friend of publicans and sin- ners; willing to be watched with jealous eyes, and slandered by lying tongues, and hated by murderous hearts, and betrayed by friendly hands, and denied by pledged lips, and rejected by apostate priests and a deluded populace and cowardly princes ; willing to be sentenced to the cross, and be nailed. to the cross, and bleed and groan and thirst and die on the cross. But he was not willing to wear an earthly crown or robe, or wield an earthly scep-ter, or exercise earthly rule. That would have been too great a sacrifice. He did, indeed, endure the crown of thorns, and the cast-off purple, and the reed, and the cry, ' Hail, King of the Jews ! ' But this was merely because he preferred the mockery to the reality ; so pouring infi-nite contempt on the one, not only by rejecting it in the beginning of his minis-try, but also by accepting the other at its close." There are two kingdoms,Š a kingdom of grace, and a future everlasting king-dom where the redeemed will live. The kingdom of grace has been in the world since the fall of man, gathering out sub-jects for the future kingdom which will be established when Jesus comes. This kingdom of God is not material, but spiri-tual. Said Jesus on a certain occasion, " The kingdom of God is within you." To Pilate he said, " My kingdom is not of this world." Christ's kingdom is not meat and drink, but " righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." Earthly kingdoms are founded by force ; their weapons are the sword and other implements of slaughter. This kingdom of God is founded on love, on the princi-ple of the golden rule, of returning good for evil ; its weapons are not carnal, but spiritual, and mighty to the pulling down of the strongholds of sin. How vain for finite man to endeavor to put such  divine attributes as these into the human soul by civil law! These can never be legislated into the heart, but must be be-gotten by the Holy Spirit through the new birth. " And the seventh angel sounded ; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ ; and he shall reign forever and ever." The eternal kingdom of Christ is here clearly foreshadowed. This is yet future, and will be established at the sec-ond coming of Christ, in the new earth, when earthly kingdoms are no more, and sin, with all that goes with it, has been blotted out. The setting up of this kingdom was represented in a vision that was given to the seer in Babylon, by a stone which smites upon the feet an image representing the kingdoms of this world, breaking to pieces all earthly kingdoms, and making them like the chaff of a thrashing-floor, to be carried away by the wind ; and this kingdom of God, symbolized by the stone, is es-tablished and fills the whole earth. This is not done by converting these king-doms, or through some laws passed by a national legislature, but by utterly destroying them at the last great day, by the brightness and glory of the second coming of the Son of God, whose king-dom will then be established. To seek to establish such a kingdom by some human endeavor is as though we sought to propel a boat by puffing with our own breath at the sail, or like trying to make the world move on its axis by pushing with our feet. The effort to unite Christianity and the state, and thus make Christians by law, breaks down at every point. Having lost the spiritual power of the kingdom, the church is seeking the support of the crutch of civil laws. If successful, it will be destructive to both Christianity and the state. The history of the dark ages and the history of colonial days, when witches were burned, and the Quakers persecuted, tells the sequel. Macaulay eloquently and truthfully says : Š " The ark of God was never taken till 