(138 LIBERTY dominance of the Roman superstition, made good the loss sustained by Mr. Payne, and soon afterward began to agi-tate the question of changing the consti-tution of the country so as to permit lib-erty of worship. Only a little over a month after the assault upon Mr. Payne in Cochabamba, the writer was circulating Senales de los Tiempos in Quillocollo, a near-by town, and was three times in one day in danger of being killed by the fanatical mobs. At each time, however, the Lord wrought deliverance. The parish priest, in order to gain a great victory over Protestantism, challenged me to a de-bate. I did not refuse, and so it hap-pened that although it was strictly for-bidden to preach any other than the papal religion, I had the opportunity to speak three times to a large number of the principal citizens of the town. Although there were eight priests present at the first and second debates, none of them appeared at the third meeting. Many of the most intensely Catholic in the audi-ence were favorably impressed with the presentation of the gospel, and declared that we were not so heretical as they had been made to believe. Several years after this experience, a bill providing for a change in the constitution, granting freedom of worship, passed both houses of congress and became a law. Since that, it has been possible to conduct missionary operations with more freedom than before. Nevertheless, there are still thousands of people in Bolivia, who, if they had a chance to kill a gospel mis-sionary, would, as Jesus said in John 16: 2, think that they offered " service unto God." It will still be many years before the people of Bolivia generally will come to the place where they will understand that in matters of conscience every man is accountable only to God ; that religious liberty is an inalienable right of every human being; that no man, no organiza-tion of men, no government, is author-ized by the Creator to dictate to others what they must or must not believe. Steps are now being taken toward the disestablishment of the Roman Catholic Church as the state church of Bolivia. It is earnestly to be hoped that if that ever becomes an accomplished fact, the government will hold itself free from any compromise with any church, recog-nizing the principle laid down by Jesus that the church and the state are to be entirely separate : " Render therefore unto Cxsar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22: 21. Religious liberty, as well as equality in civil rights, are blessings that can not be too highly appreciated ; and he who would enjoy them for him-self must be willing to grant them to others. Cochabamba, Bolivia. Church and State in Early New England J. 0. CORLISS THE dominant religious sentiment in Great Britain in the seventeenth cen-tury was fairly expressed by one Robert Baillie, a Scotch commissioner, when contemplating the growth, and increas-ing influence of the Puritans in Parlia-ment. Said he : " Liberty of conscience, and toleration of all and any religion, is so prodigious an impiety that this relig-ious Parliament can not but abhor the very meaning of it." This spirit of intolerance finally drove many of the minority in religious thought to seek refuge from persecution. This was found in the wilderness of America. But strange as it may seem, those pilgrims, who had become such through religious intolerance, sought to establish in their new home the same sort of government that had made them desolate wanderers from their native heath. They had not yet learned that to put religious beliefs under the direction of civil government must work hardship to those in the minority. They believed that their sufferings in England bad been due alone to the en- 