8 LIBERTY deceive the people and to distract atten-tion from some patent violation of the fundamental law of the government. Will the time ever come that American judges will have the courage to declare and administer the laws, not in accord-ance with popular religious opinion, but in harmony with constitutional law? By what right, and by what principle of justice, does the State of Tennessee levy and collect a tax of one day each week as a tribute to the first day of the  week, a purely religious institution? If it be replied that the people need a day of rest, it remains to be shown that a part of the people need two days, and that after some have rested on the day required by their conscience, the State has any just right to require them to rest on another day required by the con-science of their neighbors. There is not a lawyer in the State who does not know that the Sunday law of the State is not in harmony with the Declaration of Rights. Of OE tV Religious Liberty in Peru L. L. MAXWELL THE Roman Catholic Church lacks but little of having had four hundred years of rule over the nation of Peru, when suddenly comes a heavy stroke, the first of those that are going to overthrow the edifice of superstition and intolerance that has served only to enslave and viti-ate the Peruvian people, especially the Indians, during all this long period. The Roman Church had here the op-portunity of the ages. Her represent-atives accompanied the conquerors. Wherever the sword of Spain took pos-session of the political dominion, there also were celebrated the victories of the church. The acceptation by the natives of the political authority of the Spaniards signified also, and in all places, the ac-ceptation of the religion of the Spanish state. In nearly every case the change was rapid and complete. At the present time it is only among the tribes of can-nibals in the forest fastnesses beyond the Cordilleras that the church does not claim the complete conversion of the natives. But although sustained by the state, subsidized from the public treasury and protected to the exclusion of every other sect, that church instead of grasping her magnificent opportunity to exemplify the truth of her doctrines, the purity of her teachings, the holiness of her priesthood, has delivered herself entirely over to  traffic in the souls of the victims of her schemes. From their cradle to their grave, she has never ceased to rob her unhappy adherents, and even after their death, she has continued robbing their widows and orphans. Her most holy doctrines are annulled for a price. Her priests do not marry, but they have con-cubines and children in abundance. And the notorious immorality of the repre-sentatives of her religion has deeply and sadly damaged that of all the inhabitants of Peru who have received such repre-sentatives as their spiritual guides. Now comes her overthrow. After nearly a century of political independ-ence, Peru is unshackling herself from religious slavery. As yet the emancipa-tion is incomplete, but the admission of sects that will compete with the old su-perstition, teaching pure doctrines, ele-vating the morality of the family with the example of their married pastors, with the popularization of education free from the influence of the monks, the Re-public of the Andes must feel the ren-aissance of modern progress. The vote of the Chamber of Deputies, suppressing the last part of the fourth article of the constitution of the repub-lic is the most important step toward full independence from foreign powers that the state has taken since the day that the immortal San Martin read in Lima the 