LIBERTY Ł And what more can any religion of right demand? Yet the Vatia.n has is-sued its command that no Catholic sov-ereign shall visit Italy during this year of Italy's celebration of its unity and of its independence. The Pope has gone fur-ther, and looking upon this year as a year of mourning instead of a year of jubilee, has practically denied himself to foreign deputations, even of loyal Catholics. The Catholic press of the world has taken up the matter and advises Catholics gen-erally to avoid Rome during the year 1911. The independence of nations from control of the church is not a part of the Vatican's program. It stands, instead, for the subjection of all rulers,' all na-tions, and all individuals to its mandates. The loss of her temporal power is the one wound which that church will neither forgive nor forget. It remains to be seen how many of earth's rulers will brave the Pope's frown and orally felicitate Italy on this fiftieth anniversary of her inde-pendence. Shall Legislatures Regulate Religion? A Proposition to Do So Now Before the Pennsylvania Legislature What Is Involved in Such an Undertaking IN the Pennsylvania Legislature a pro-posed law is now under consideration which has in it all the objectionable ele-ments that usually appear in religious legislation. That bill proposes to remodel an earlier law which gives burroughs power to regulate certain temporal activ-ities, so that the law shall put into the hands of- burroughs the power to regulate what men shall do on Sunday, compelling them to close places of business and cease " worldly " activities on that day. In order, if possible, to insure the passage of the bill, there is injected into this act a proposition to amend another section of the original act so as to give power to the burroughs to regulate and prohibit gambling, betting, etc. The Proposed Measure Is Religious Innocent as such a measure appears to many who have not carefully considered the matter, it involves, nevertheless, an assault upon principles which are funda-mental to the maintenance of universal justice and the equality of men within the scope of its jurisdiction. By the passage of the proposed act, the State of Pennsylvania would enter the realm of religion, where the Almighty and his church are alone supposed to operate. That the proposed measure is religious and is designed to promulgate religion is easily demonstrable. It is proved in the act itself. The proposal to prohibit " worldly employment or business on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," demonstrates the purpose of the bill. The term " worldly " is the key which unlocks that purpose. It is used only in opposition to that which is relig-ious. It is the secular as opposed to the sacred; the profane as opposed to the holy. To prohibit all that is worldly upon that day is equivalent to permitting only that which is religious. But the observance of that day is a part of the religion of a portion of the Chris-tian community, and to just the extent that any religious ceremony or ordinance is enforced upon the people, religion is established by law, and that is forbidden by the national Constitution. A Judge Admits the Contention That is why the national Congress has refused for a full century to enact a Sun-day law. Judge Woodward, in the case of Johnston vs. the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, while upholding the Sun-day laws of the State, made this conclu-sive admission : " Our duty requires us to construe the statute so as to accomplish its purpose, which was to enforce an ob-servance of Sunday. . . . Rest and the public worship of Almighty God were the primary objects of the institution both as a divine and a civil appointment." The judge, therefore, in order to ac- 