LI BER2'1' 203 I win where the right to govern collies from the consent of the governed. . . . " This instrument was wonderfully signifi-cant one hundred and forty years ago, when first announced. It is no less so today. It deals in fundamentals. All men are created equal. That does not mean the same height or the same weight. It does not mean equal mental ability or moral equipment or physical skill. It means equal rights under the law ; equal in opportunity to make the most out of our talent of mind, of heart, and of hand. It means no discrimina-tion as between man and man. . . . " The real spirit of this great prin-ciple is antagonistic to many demagogic tendencies in modern legislation, as all of you must have observed, where we are asked to enact laws which will declare an act, if done by one man or one corporation, is a crime, but if done by another man or another as-sociation, is exempt from such termi-nology. " My friends, I am persuaded that the reading of this famous document should be required in our modern halls of legislation. Its lessons of wisdom should be conned by those of us who essay to write our laws. We must not forget that the men who insist upon laws discriminating in their favor may see the day when laws will be de-manded discriminating against them. This is a blade that cuts both ways. If we ever open the gates to such dangerous dogmas that under our law we can legislate for one class as against another, the controlling dictum, which we have ever hoped to maintain, that all men are equal under the law, has passed, and no man can say what its end will be. This instrument declares the purpose of all government to se- cure to the people certain inalienable  rights and it specifies three Š , liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness.. . . " This year of 1916 we must restate the principle. Government is a means to secure specified ends. It is instituted to secure rights, among which is life,Šlife in the city, life in the country, life throughout the nation, life in Mexico, life upon the high seas; in fact, life wherever that flag, the symbol of dignity, of honor, and of power, is unfurled. " Government is instituted to secure liberty; not the liberty of the jungle that knows neither order nor society; not the liberty of the bandit whose blood-stained dagger defies all law ; not the liberty of the armed submarine which refuses to discriminate between the armed war vessel and the defenseless merchant ship; nor the liberty of the haughty prize court that  recognizes no commercial rights of neutrals upon the high seas. The Declaration of In-dependence sharply distinguishes liberty from license. It is the liberty to pursue legitimate processes to make the largest use of one's talents. It is the liberty of opportunity in the rivalry of life's activities. It is the liberty that prevents class, that spells order, that in-sures the right to live the largest and fullest life. " Such liberty as here defined will never extend beyond the right of others. No man has the legal liberty.  to interfere with an-other's right. Such is not liberty, but quite the opposite. " In these days of so much legislation we often hear the utterly vicious demagogic state-ment that the time of opportunity for the in-dividual to pursue his legitimate happiness is gone. Individual initiative and responsibility are giving way to collective bargaining. In my mind the most serious tendency, notice-able in America, is this note of excusing the individual for failure, and fixing the blame upon the community or government, which is strikingly un-American as well as unpatriotic. Copyright by Harris & Ewing HON. S. D. FESS, M. C. 