LIBERTY 23 the really innocent, the truly loyal and faithful saints whom they denounced as heretics and anarchists. May God delay the reign of the church upon the throne until the blessed truth of the pure gospel has been proclaimed to all the ends of the earth. The Lesson of the California Earth- quake J. 0. CORLISS THE late California earthquake will doubtless go down in history as a most extraordinary event, because of the extent and power of its operations. Many minor  very readily, and that is that the California calamity is nothing less than a judgment of God visited upon that section because its statute-books carry no law obliging the peo-ple to rest on Sunday. In reasoning from cause to effect on any other question than the one of Sunday leg-islation these advocates draw conclusions rationally like all other people, and demand proof for assertions like sane persons, but when it comes to this point, their bald state-ments alone seem to be very satisfying evi-dence to their hopeful enthusiasm. If asked how they know that the earthquake was sent of God to punish Californians for having "n  Sunday law they will. in substance. say THE GREAT LISBON EARTHQUAKE movements of a seismic nature have pre-ceded this one in the same locality, but all of these are as nothing when compared with the one which occurred on the morn-ing of April 18, 1906. Speculation has been rife as to the cause of this manifestation, and learned theories of its origin are nearly as numerous as the knowing ones who have opinions to express regarding it. But none of these specula-tions receive much general attention, be-cause so few of the common people are able to grasp the minute deductions set forth by these erudites. There is, however, one thing which some, of a certain turn of mind, seem to grasp  that, from the very nature of the case, there could be no other cause for such a manifestation, and thus they satisfy them-selves, and try to make others believe that their case is clearly made out. But this is a matter which would be in-teresting to investigate to some extent. Be-lievers in the infinite greatness and power of Jehovah, must agree that he is unchange-able,Š is the same " yesterday, and to-day, and forever." This being true, he certainly would treat alike all those who have the same moral standing, and that, also, in one age as well as in another. Nov. 1, 1755, the capital city of Lisbon, in Portugal, was reduced to a heap of ruins 