8 LIBERTY come to his end, and none shall help him." The Prophet's Vision of Armageddon John, the revelator, also speaks of the drying up and wiping out of the Otto-man Empire, in Rev. i6: 12-16. The prophet draws aside the veil and shows us that in the closing scenes of this world the armies of all the nations will be gathered by satanic agencies to a place called " Armageddon." At this place the nations of the whole earth are to fight their last battle, which will result in the crash and wreck of nations. But just before this last battle is fought, the prophet said the waters of the great river Euphrates were to be dried up so the way of the kings of the East might be prepared, that they, too, might be gathered to the battle of the great day of God Almighty at Arma-geddon. The river Euphrates stands for the Turkish Empire, just as the river Nile stands for Egypt, the Tiber for Rome, and the Ganges for India. Saying that the Euphrates is to be dried up is equiv-alent to saying that the Turkish Empire is to be dried up, or extinguished. Armageddon the Ancient Storm Center Armageddon is the Hebrew expres-sion for the mountains of Megiddo. The ancient Armageddon, or the modern Me-giddo, is just east of Mt. Carmel, and stands at the northern end of the moun-tain ridge which flanks the Valley of Je-hoshaphat and continues down the east side of the city of Jerusalem. The historians have called this place " the time-honored storm center " be-tween the ancient kings of the East and the West and between the kings of the North and the South. It was the great battle ground where the ancient armies fought the decisive battles which deter-mined the fate of nations. One more such battle is to be fought, at this an-cient storm center, in which all " the kings of the earth and of the whole world " will be gathered together to de-ride the fate of the world. Their thun- derbolts in this last struggle of carnage and desolation will sound the death knell of earthly governments and the doom of the world. The World Awaits Turkey's End The world has been expecting for more than half a century the end of the Turkish Empire and a universal struggle among the nations for its territory, re-sulting " in the most calamitous catas- trophe " which has ever befallen the na- tions. In the New York Times of Nov. 8, 1914, under the striking headline, " The Sick Man of Europe Is Dying at Last," we find the following impressive statements made on " the tragic obse-quies of a dying nation: "Š " The world is witnessing now, or rather it is looking on at, the death struggle of one of the world's great pow-ers, the erasure from the map of a once majestic empire. The Sick Man of Eu-rope is dying at last, and his convulsive agonies are felt throughout the world. . . . Turkey is seeing its last days. It may live weeks, months, perhaps a few years, but the end is in sight ; the coun-try is dying. . . . In this great crisis of Turkish history a handful of men sit-ting around a table are forcing their country to commit suicide. If Turkey had been let alone by outsiders, the em-pire would have died an ignoble death a good sixty years ago. . . . The collapse of the Turkish Empire would have been a righteous and natural solution of the European question of Turkey, but it was clear that whenever European Turkey broke up, Constantinople would cease to be Turkish. Without this ancient cap-ital, Asiatic Turkey was sure to succumb. When Asiatic Turkey went to pieces, somebody would pick up two significant fragments Š the valley of the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers, which is the natural overland route to India, and the Isthmus of Suez, which is on the shortest sea line to India. The fall of Turkey would also affect the Mohammedan subjects of England, especially in India, because they look upon the sultan as the head of their church. Hence England came out 