Rome's Opportunity for Vindication BY THE MANAGING EDITOR IN the House of Representatives, July 13, 1916, Mr. Lindbergh introduced the following joint resolution, which was referred to the Committee on Rules and ordered to be printed: Š " Joint Resolution "Authorizing a joint committee to investigate certain representations relative to Roman Catholic organizations " WHEREAS, There are many economic prob-lems that require the action of Congress and the concerted action of all the patriotic people with Congress for their solution favorable to the public which, to the great loss of the people, have remained in a state of uncertainty because of disputes among the people upon other mat-ters; and Š " WHEREAS, One of the most important of the collateral matters that diverts the people from sufficiently considering the economic needs is the claim of the Free Press Defense League, a Kansas organization, with affiliations in all parts of the country, involving a large following; and Š " WHEREAS, The Free Press Defense League and similar organizations and their following represent that Š "I. The Pope of Rome is a foreign sover-eign, claiming allegiance in temporal as well as spiritual matters throughout the world. " 2. The papal system, of which the Pope is the head, is opposed to and seeks to destroy our free institutions, to wit : Š " a. Our public schools. " b. The free press. "c. The right of free speech and public as-sembly. "d. The right of freedom of thought in mat-ters of conscience. "e. The principle of separation of church and state. "3. The papal system of America, which con-sists of Roman Catholics, cardinals, bishops, priests, Jesuits, Knights of Columbus, Federa-tion of Catholic Societies, and other Catholic societies, together with the Roman Catholic press, seeks to substitute for our democratic system of government the monarchical or papal system. "4. The Roman Catholic laity in the United States of America are taught, influenced, and commanded, by some of those in authority, to yield implicit obedience to the teaching of the popes of Rome and to blindly obey their orders and decrees, even though said orders and de-crees conflict with the Constitution of the United States of America.  196 "5. The Roman Catholic organization of America is perniciously active in politics, and although having but few voters, as compared with the whole body of electors, it manages by threats, intimidations, blackmail, and by co-ercion of the press, to secure an undue pro-portion of the elective, and especially the ap-pointive, offices throughout the country; and these offices, when filled with Roman Catholics, are used to further the plan of making Amer-ica dominantly Catholic. "6. In carrying out the conspiracy to bring the United States of America under the com-plete domination of the Pope of Rome, the Roman Catholic hierarchy, aided by the Roman Catholic politicians and the Roman Catholic press, has inspired a portion of the Roman Catholic laity to resort to threats, to intimi-dation, to boycott, to assault, and to riot. "7. The Roman Catholic hierarchy is now and has been for more than a year last past, actively engaged within the territory of the United States of America in fomenting and in-citing revolution in the Republic of Mexico and attempting to bring about a state of war be-tween the Republic of Mexico and the United States; and Š " WHEREAS, The said claims on the part of the said so-called Free Press Defense League and similar organizations have been and now are being broadcasted over the country, and both sides to the controversy are causing to be sent to members of Congress great numbers of allegations and assertions and counterallega-tions and denials upon the said various claims, which controversy injures the interests of both Catholics and Protestants; and - " WHEREAS, The said controversy foments troubles and interferes with the unprejudiced action of millions of electors in the United States, and thereby interferes with a natural, consistent, . and impartial administration of government in the interests of all the people; andŠ WHEREAS, A true and impartial investiga-tion and a report thereon by a properly con-stituted public committee would take these controversies out of politics and stop the at-tempts to improperly influence the acts of pub-lic officials; now, therefore be it Š "Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That a joint committee of the Senate and House be appointed to make inquiry into the representations hereinbefore referred to. " SECTION 2. That the said committee shall have power to employ clerks and stenog-raphers and to compel the attendance of per-sons, and the production of papers, books. 