154  LIBERTY lished head. That means a union of church and state. It may be argued that this would not be a union of church and state, but rather of religion and the state. The terms are, in the nature of things, synonymous. The Christian religion is held to and propagated by the different churches. These ideas, whether held to by one church or several, if enacted into a law by the state, constitute a union of the church and state. Again, where there is a disagreement among religious bodies as to what constitutes true Chris-tianity, and the law says the schools shall teach the true principles of Christianity, it will, of necessity, have to decide be-tween the different sects as to which holds the truth. That would constitute a civil tribunal for the trial of an eccle-siastical question. Of necessity, some sect would be given a preference over others. A noted jurist once made this state-ment : " There is not complete religious liberty where any one sect is favored by the state and given an advantage by law over other sects." In 1776 the noted  presbytery of Hanover sent a memorial to the general assembly of Virginia in which were the following pertinent truths : " It is at least impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of pref-erence among the various sects that pro-fess the Christian faith without erecting a chair of infallibility, which would lead us back to the Church of Rome." Once more, in defining religious lib-erty, Prof. C. F. James, a prominent Baptist, said that " religion is and must be a voluntary service; that only such service is acceptable to God, and hence that no earthly power, whether civil or ecclesiastical, has any right to compel conformity to any creed or species of worship, or to tax a man for its support." If this definition is correct, and it is, then for the government to tax a man to have his children taught religion, whether or not of his own belief, would be con-trary to the true principles of religious liberty. No true American can afford to advocate any theory that interferes with the soul freedom of his fellow men. College Place, Wash. SIE  !V  NE American Principles ¥  W. F. MARTIN " CONGRESS shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." This First Ati:mdment to the national Constitution w.*:, passed by Congress at its 'first sessi'.1-: in 1789. It was intro-dUced by a yo, ng man from Virginia, Mr. James Madison. Of all the galaxy of statesmen of tnis period, which boasts such men as Jefferson, Henry, Washing-ton, and Hamilton, none shine with a clearer luster than Mr. Madison. He was a member of the convention that wrote the Constitution. Mr. Jefferson was in Europe at the time of the calling of this convention. In writing to Mr. Madison concerning the Constitution, and commending it in the main, he thought it did not sufficiently guarantee religious liberty. Jefferson thought it  should contain a bill of rights, insuring the liberty of the people against any un-due dominance of the government. In this sentiment, Madison shared. So on his election to Congress, he introduced and caused to be passed ten amendments. The first one of these was the noted First Amendment, quoted at the head of this article. During the debate upon the adoption of these amendments, some very interesting things were said. , Especial emphasis was given to the First Amend-ment. " The minority," they said, " must be protected the majority will take care of themselves." In this, the key-note of liberty was struck. That is true Amer-icanism. Majorities are not always in the right. Then the rights of the minor-ity are fully as sacred as those of the majority. With this in mind, the First 