The Survey of the Field In Turkey of the most drastic kind. Attempts have THE war in the dominions of the been made also to pass Sunday bills in the sultan, in addition to bringing great hard-  legislature of Oklahoma. There seems to ship upon the people, has naturally be a strong element in that State for re-stirred up afresh the animosity existing ligious legislation. Strong protests and between the Moslems and the adherents memorials have been presented to the leg-of the Greek Catholic Church. All are islature by the friends of the American experiencing the hardships incident to a principle of government, and it is hoped state of war ; and while the different na-  that as a result of the influence of these tionalities are helping their own people protests such legislation may not be en-as far as able where dire need exists, acted. Two bills making it unlawful to yet when it is discovered that any one has perform common labor on Sunday have left the established church, especially if been introduced in the legislature of New he has begun to keep the seventh-day Hampshire ; but as a result of the hear-Sabbath, they refuse him any further ings that have been participated in by help. Thus is creed placed above charity ; friends of religious liberty before the leg-and there is no condition in the world so islative committee, the bills have been de-conducive to that unchristian course as a feated. The Sunday law against barber-union of religion and the state ; and this ing in the District of Columbia, which had is true no matter what the name of the been in force since 1869, has been de- church may be, or what the nation is. clared obsolete. A petition was recently In the United States presented before the District Commis- Since the last issue, the Sixty-second sioners by certain barbers for a law Congress has become a matter of history, against Sunday barbering. A hearing and that, too, without the passage of a was granted, but no action taken. A bill Sunday law for the District of Columbia. which proposed to make the present Sun-The Johnston bill in the Senate and the day-closing law of Utah still more drastic Heflin and Howard bills in the House met an overwhelming defeat in the legis-died with the close of that Congress. lature of that State on February 18. The This fact is of special interest when it is legislature of Connecticut has had a share remembered what earnest efforts were in the consideration of Sunday bills dur-put forth by influential organizations to ing the past quarter, and its members cause Congress to pass such legislation. have listened to the arguments of the The Lord's Day Alliance was especially friends and opponents of religious legis-active in this matter, and even framed a lation. The Codes Committee of the New bill which it hoped to substitute for the York Legislature granted a hearing on Johnston bill. There has been an earnest February 19 on two bills for the enforce-effort put forth by a certain element in ment of Sunday observance. A move-Oregon to have a very drastic Sunday ment is now on foot to bring about an law passed by the legislature of that State. interdenominational world-wide Christian A committee of ministers was appointed church made up of representatives from to draft and present such a measure. the Roman Catholic, Greek Catholic, and When it was introduced, a committee of Protestant churches. This is another clergymen was appointed to lobby for it. move toward the unification of all Chris-But the bill was reported adversely and tendom under one spiritual head, who killed. The bill, if enacted into law, will, beyond doubt, be the prisoner of the would have established a state inquisition Vatican. Five days after the opening of 133 