PILATE'S STAIRCASE, CHURCH OF ST. JOHN THE DIVINE, ROME LIBERTY 147 paramount rank of this nation, he said:Š "It is compounded of the most generous civil liberty that ever existed, and the sacred Christian religion released from the absurdi-ties which are inculcated, the shackles which are imposed, the tortures which are inflicted, and the flames which are lighted, blown up, and fed with blood by the Roman Catholic doctrines,Š doctrines which tend to establish a most cruel tyranny in church and state, a tyranny under which all Europe groaned for many ages." It is not at all surprising that serious objection was made when it was even suggested that this country receive a delegate from the Vatican. John Adams wrote to the pres-ident of Congress that Š Congress will prob-ably never send a minister to His Ho-liness [the Pope], who can do them no service, upon condi-tion of receiving a Catholic legate or nuncio in return, or, in other words, an ecclesiastical tyrant, which it is to be hoped the United States will be too wise ever to admit into their territory." ŠManuscript in De-partnzent of State. It is quite no-ticeable that the clamor for a United States rep-resentative to the Vatican comes entirely from one direction Š Catholic. On the other hand, the principles of the Decla-ration of Independence are against it; the spirit of the Constitution is opposed to it; the majority of the citizens abhor the thought of it; and, if the claims of many Catholics are sincere, they would not approve it. Then why send a diplo-matic representative to Rome? The following, taken from the Wash- ington Post of April 13, 191o, illustrates the suggestions that are being contin-ually presented to the American pub-lic:Š " It is pointed out here [in Rome] that in the near future the United States will, peace-ably or otherwise, find itself face to face with the whole of Latin America, where the influ-ence of the Roman Catholic Church is unques-tionable. Is it therefore possible, it is asked, that what may he very important interests for the Republic should be left to the mercy of possible incidents due to misunderstandings, such as that which marred Mr. Roosevelt's visit to the Eternal City? "What is the rem-edy? is again asked. And t h e answer comes that the only way to avoid such friction is to see that between t h e United States and the Vatican there is an exchange of dip-lomatic representa-tives." Manufacturing a Precedent Another R o -man Catholic writer i n this country has re-cently suggested the propriety of establishing diplo-m a t i c relations with the Pope. He referred to the trip of Mr. Taft, governor of the Philippines, to the Vatican to a r -range for the pur-chase of the friar lands, as a precedent. Mr. Taft's er- rand to the Vatican was purely a busi- ness one. It carried no more weight in favor of a diplomatic representative than if a government official should make ar- rangement with Cardinal Gibbons to buy a lot of the church in Baltimore. In fact, the position taken by the Catholic writer is squarely denied by the government. In a communication to Hon. William H. Taft, May 9, 1902, Mr. Elihu Root, Sec- 