LIBERTY  7 We heartily commend the view taken by Thomas Jefferson in his letter to the Rev. Mr. Millar (" Works of Thomas Jefferson," Vol. V, page 236) : Ñ I consider the government of the United States as interdicted by the Con-stitution from intermeddling with relig-ious institutions, their doctrines, disci-pline, or exercises. We are in the fullest harmony with the position taken by James Madison in his letter to Edward Everett, written March 19, 1823 (" Writings of James Madison," Vol. III, page 305) : Ñ The settled opinion here is that relig-ion is essentially distinct from civil gov-ernment, and exempt from its cogni-zance ; and that a connection between them is injurious to both. We believe that Mr. Richard M. John-son, of Kentucky, was right when, in his report from the Committee on Post-Offices and Post-roads, communicated to the Senate, Jan. 19, 1829, he said : Ñ It should, however, be kept in mind that the proper object of government is to protect all persons in the enjoyment of their religious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above an-other, or esteem all days alike holy. . . . It is not the legitimate province of the legislature to determine what religion is true or what false. . . . If the principle is once established that religion, or relig-ious observances, shall be interwoven with our legislative acts, we must pur-sue it to its ultimatum. We shall, if consistent, provide for the erection of edifices for worship of the Creator, and for the support of Christian ministers, if we believe such measures will pro-mote the interests of Christianity. Every American citizen ought to read, and ponder earnestly upon, these utter-ances made by men who knew the mean-ing of religious liberty, and who sought to maintain it for themselves and for their posterity. The disregard of these sound principles may bring ruin upon this nation. "Except Only"  IN the report of the Senate Committee on the District of Columbia (report No. 596), accompanying Senate bill 394o, requiring certain places of business in the District of Columbia to be closed on Sunday, an attempt was made to an-swer the objections to this bill presented at the hearing on the same. In this re-port occurs the following paragraph : Ñ To the second objection [that it tends to unite church and state], it can be said that the bill of the committee is purely a civil and not a religious meas-ure. No religious duty is enjoined; no attendance on any church is any more required than there is any prohibition of hearing a lecture in support of infidelity. Every person is permitted the widest liberty of conduct, except only following the ordinary avocations and amuse-ments of the week. There is no invasion of the home, no disturbance of the fam-ily, no prohibition of friendly inter-course. The ¥ bill imposes no restraint whatever upon the religious liberty of any citizen of the District. Because this bill does not re-enact the old blue laws of New England, and does not require attendance at church or any outward act of worship, it is asserted that the " bill imposes no restraint what-ever upon the religious liberty of any citizen of the District." This declaration betrays an utter misapprehension of what constitutes religious liberty. " Every per- son," it is stated, " is permitted the widest liberty, . . . except only," etc.  Per- mitted liberty is no liberty at all. It is mere toleration. If Congress can make one exception to " the widest liberty," it can make as many exceptions as it pleases, and there is no real safety. That " except only " is fatal. Congress has as much right to compel a man to attend church as to compel him to refrain from common labor and amusements on the first day of the week. This bill presup-poses that it is within the province of 