By William Q. Sloan IS THE SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE A MISFORTUNE? WHETHER the religion be pagan, pa-pal, or Protestant, to unite it with the state is wrong, and can result only in dis-aster. All history confirms this state-ment, from the time of the Pharaohs to the time of the Puri-tans. Strange to re-late, men in our time are clamoring for a union of religion with the state, nota-bly those who are connected with the National Reform As-sociation. Others tell us that the separa-tion of church and state is a misfortune. Rev. Father Phelan is dead, yet his words follow him. The Western Watch-man, of St. Louis, the organ of the de-ceased priest, still publishes his sermons. Mr. Phelan tells us in the Watchman of April 16, 1916, that the separation of church and state is a misfortune: " In our day we claim that the church and state should he separated. Oh, what a horrid thought that is ! You might as well say that man and God should be separated. The state separate from the church means the citizens of the state separated from the child of God. No, the church is supreme; her law must be obeyed by kings and peasants alike; and the man that violates the law of the church is a criminal in the eyes of God, and should be so regarded by men. To violate a law of the church is wrong, a wrong that no plea of human freedom can excuse. It is a wrong, a wrong now; it will be a wrong on judgment day; it will be a wrong throughout eternity. Even the Catholics favor the theory of separa-tion of church and state. Maybe it is the best if the state persists in being heathen. The best thing for a man and woman who cannot agree in wedlock is for them to sep-arate, but it is a misfortune for both. If the kings cannot leave the church alone, and if the church in union with the state cannot  have her rights pro-tected, then let them sep-arate; but it is a misfor-tune for both." To Mass on Sunday, or to Jail The service of God, a service acceptable to him, must be altogether voluntary. Compulsion in reli-gion is abhorrent to a man who is free; it is hated by the " God and Father of us all." To put a man be-hind prison bars be-cause of his failure to attend mass on Sunday, is certainly contrary to the spirit of the Americanism of the founders of the Republic of the United States. Yet this proposition is made in this the one hundred and forti-eth year of the Republic : " The ideal condition, and the condition that Jesus Christ had given us a model to go by, is a free church, a church free to make known to the world the whole counsel of God, and not an absolutely free state, but a state that stands by the church and enforces her ordinances. We do not like that, even we Catholics. We would not like to have a policeman visit us on Sunday evening and say, `You were not at mass this morning; come with me, I will put you in jail.' You would not like that, but I would like it very much. I hope to God the day may come when every Catholic who won't go to mass on Sun-day will be landed behind the bars before sun-down. Unworthy, degraded Catholics who trample on the law of the church and on the laws of God, and claim the right to do it be-cause of their liberty, should be punished. The liberty to stay away from mass on Sun-day,Š that is the liberty that St. Peter speaks about, which these Catholics make a cloak of malice. The laws of the church are coming to be regarded by Catholics as the well-mean-ing counsels of a good old mother in her dotage."Š Ibid. If Mr. Phelan has expressed the true spirit of the laws of his church, then it 87 