LIBERTY  5 A Usurpation of Power In view of the very evident purpose of the bill, it is proper now to inquire what Congress has of right to do with the observance of any day of the week " as a Sabbath," and where it obtained this right. All the powers of Congress are delegated powers, and the constitu-tion of the United States both defines and limits those powers. We look in vain to this instrument to find that it grants to Congress any authority what-ever in matters of religion.  On the contrary, the first amendment explicitly declares, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." A little reflection, however, will show that this bill does interfere with the free exercise of religion even on the part of those who conscientiously believe that the first day of the week ought to be observed " as a Sabbath." This princi-ple has been clearly stated by Mr. Justice Burnett, of the supreme court of Cali-fornia, in his opinion rendered in Ex parte Newman, 9 California, 513-14: " The fact that the Christian voluntarily keeps holy the first day of the week, does not authorize the legislature to make that observance compulsory. The legis-lature can not compel a citizen to do that which the constitution leaves him free to do or omit at his election. The act violates as much the religious freedom of the Christian as of the Jew. Because the conscientious views of the Christian compel him to keep Sunday as a Sab-bath, he has the right to object when the legislature invades his freedom of relig-ious worship, and assumes the power to compel him to do that which he has a right to omit if he pleases. The prin-ciple is the same whether the act of the legislature compels us to do that which we wish to do or not to do." It is one of the first principles of Christianity that -the service rendered to God must be  wholly voluntary. The divine invitation is, " Whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely." The moment the service rendered ceases to be voluntary, that moment it ceases to be Christian, and it is therefore impossible that Chris-tian duties should be performed under the compulsion of civil law. A Distinction in Days It is idle to argue that this bill simply contemplates the exercise of the police power to secure proper protection for those who desire to observe the first day of the week " as a Sabbath." In the first place, if such a law were necessary in behalf of the first day of the week, it is also necessary in behalf of the seventh day of the week, which day is observed " as a Sabbath " by more than two mil-lion citizens of this country. The ob-servers of the seventh day, however, not only do not ask for any such legislation, but on the contrary they vigorously pro-test against this evil principle, whether it is proposed to apply it to the first day, or the seventh day, of the week. In the second place, if such a law is required in order to make it possible to hold re-ligious services on the first day of the week, it is equally required for other days of the week on which similar serv-ices are held. Furthermore, it can not be claimed that this bill treats the first day of the week as a civil holiday, inas-much as on a properly designated civil holiday, such as the fourth of July, the twenty-second of February, Thanksgiv-ing day, etc., common labor and amuse-ment are not prohibited. From what-ever standpoint it is viewed, therefore, it is plain that this bill is religious in its nature, and that its real intent is to make a distinction between the first day of the week and all other days,Ñ a distinc-tion which is intended to make all men treat Sunday " as a Sabbath." 