The Divinely Ordained Principle in Civil Government N the earliest states known to history, gov- ernment, and religion were one and indi- visible. Each state had its special deity, and often these protectors, one after an- other, might be overthrown in battle, never to rise again. The Peloponnesian war grew out of a strife about an oracle. Rome, as it sometimes adopted into cit- izenship those whom it vanquished, intro- duced in like manner, and with good logic for that day, the worship of their gods. No one thought of vindicating religion for the conscience of the individual, till a voice in Judea, breaking day for the greatest epoch in the life of humanity, by establishing a pure, spiritual, and universal religion for all mankind, enjoined to render to Caesar only that which is Caesar's. The rule was upheld during the infancy of the gospel for all men. No sooner was this religion adopted by the chief of the Roman empire than it was shorn of its character of univer-sality, and enthralled by an unholy connection with the unholy state ; and so it continued till the new nation,Š the least defiled with the barren scoffings of the eighteenth century, the most general believer in Christianity of any people of that age, the chief heir of the Reformation in its purest forms,Š when it came to establish a government for the United States, refused to treat faith as a matter to be regulated by a corporate body, or having a headship in a monarch or a state. " Vindicating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained of God in Judea. It left the management of temporal things to the temporal power; but the American constitution, in harmony with the people of the several states, withheld from the federal government, the power to invade the home of rea-son, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul ; and not from indifference, but that the infinite Spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity and power." Š  George Bancroft," History of the Formation of the Constitution," last Chatter. 