22  LIBERTY nowhere else than in our own country. The territory of the Old World had been covered by previous symbols, but this is " another beast." It came up just at the time when the previous beast, symbolizing the papacy, went into cap-tivity, A. D. 1798. It was at this time that the prophet saw a power " coming up." What nation except our own was " coming up " at that time ? History tells of none, except the United States. The Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776, and the Constitution adopted by Congress in 1789. The nation was then " coming up." Again, other nations came up from the sea, symbolic language indicating that they came up from populous territory amid the din of war and the upheaval of revolution. But this nation appeared to the prophet to be coming forth amid the silence and vacancy of the earth. This very figure has been chosen by political writers in describing this nation's rise. Mr. G. A. Townsend says : Ñ " Since America was discovered, she has been a subject of revolutionary thought in Europe. The mystery of her coming forth from vacancy, the marvel of her wealth in gold and silver, the spec-tacle of her captives led through Euro-pean capitals, filled the minds of men with unrest, and unrest is the first stage of revolution."Ñ"The Old World Com-pared with the New," page 462. " Two horns like a lamb." Both youth and gentleness are here indicated. How true to the symbol here also. This giant among the nations is yet clothed with the garments of youth. The principles of liberty expressed in the Constitution of this young yet great republic are indeed lamblike. What could be more lamblike than these statements from the funda-mental law of the nation : Ñ " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." " No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States." " No religious test shall ever be re-quired as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." The Declaration of Independence also says: " We hold these truths to be self-evident : that all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights ; that among these are life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness." In these statements the principle enun-ciated by Jesus of Nazareth in the words, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's," is recognized, and church and state are completely sep-arated. Well would it be for this great republic if these righteous principles would always be recognized. So long as they are, its foundation stands sure. The Dragon Voice But the prophecy indicates a change. After beholding its lamblike appearance, the prophet said, "And he spake as a dragon ; " and that it would say to the people that " they should make an image to the beast, which had a wound by a sword and did live. And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast. that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed." A nation speaks through its lawmaking power. Its laws are its voice. As long as righteous and just principles are recognized, its voice is lamblike. Speaking with the " voice of a dragon " must indicate a change in the principles of the nation. An image to the beast would be some-thing made which resembled the beast. The papal beast was a union of church and state. The church controlled the state, and ecclesiastical decrees were en-forced by the civil power, at the dictation of the church. The dungeon, the stake, and all the terrible work of the Inquisi-tion during all the dreary years of its existence, tell the sequel. Making an image to the beast is, there-fore, reversing the principles upon which the republic has been founded for more 