JUSTINIAN'S COUNCIL FEW people know the ori-gin of Sunday laws. If the major-ity knew, they would no longer advocate such statutes, but would demand their repeal. A brief ex-amination of the origin and development of Sunday laws will reveal clearly, not only their original nature, but their present object. There is no record anywhere in history that any Sunday laws existed during the first three centuries of the Christian era. Christianity spread rapidly over the Roman Empire. By the beginning of the fourth century the perse-cutions of Christians had largely ceased. Chris-tianity became popular, and, according to re-liable church historians, greatly corrupted. Compromises of all sorts were made with hea-then rites and a pagan state. Especially was this true of Mithraism, the new and aggressive Eastern form of paganism, which, being trans-mitted to the Roman world during the first century a. c., had now largely supplanted the older and more gross heathenism of the West. Sunday was a day not only held in great rev-erence by the new paganism, being dedicated to its chief deity, the sun, but by this time it had come to be highly regarded by many Chris-tians also, especially such as were converts from the new heathenism, because of the resurrection of Christ upon that day. Constantine, who was then emperor, seeing an opportunity to please both these parties, issued in the year 321 A. D. ,the following decree: " Let all the judges and townspeople, and the occupation of all trades, rest on the venerable day of the sun; but let those who are situ-ated in the country, freely, and at full liberty, attend to the business of agriculture; be-cause it often happens that no other day is so fit for sowing corn and planting vines; lest the criti-cal moment being let slip, men should lose the commodities granted of heaven."Š" History of the Christian Church," Philip Schaff, Vol. II, chap. 8, p. 105. This, according to Chambers's Cyclopedia (article, " Sabbath ") is " the first law, eccle-siastical or civil, by which the sabbatical ob-servance of that day is known to have been enjoined." It will be noted that the Roman emperor did not in his decree enjoin the ob-servance of the day for the reason that modern Christians frequently assign to its observance. He did not command it to be observed in honor of the resurrection of Christ, but of the sun deity, and for the heathen worshipers of the sun. Later, this law, with certain modifica-tions, was incorporated into the church ritual by the great councils of the church. The Church Council of Niciea, in 325 A. D., legislated for the first time in favor of Sunday observance, by requiring all Christians to ob-serve Easter annually on Sunday, instead of, as previously, on the same dt..y as the Jewish Passover, which, being regulated by the moon, fell upon different days of the week in different 29 Origin, Development, Nature and Object of SUNDAY LAWS By C. S. Longacre 