LIBERTY Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof. Lev. 25 : Vol... II SECOND QUARTER, 1907 No. 2 Freedom FREEDOM and reason make brave men ; Take these away, what are they then? Š Mere groveling brutes, and just as well The beasts may think of heav'n or hell. Ł ' Tis man's free will if he believe: ' Tis God's free will him to receive. To stubborn willers, this I'll tell, ' Tis all free grace and all free will. Know then, that every soul is free To choose his life, and what he'll be; For this eternal truth is given,ŠThat God will force no man to heav'n. He'll call, persuade, direct him right, 'Bless him with wisdom, love, and light, In nameless ways be good and kind. But never force the human mind. - OLD HYMN OF FREEDOM. An Appeal to the Friends of Liberty As its name indicates, this journal stands for liberty. By liberty we mean, not li-cense, but freedom to exercise God-given rights. Among the most valuable of human rights are religious rights, or the rights of conscience. To ignore or to outrage these rights, therefore, is a most flagrant offense. And yet this is what has been done by almost every naticn that has ever existed from the days of Nimrod until the present time. All have invaded the sacred pre-cincts of conscience. All have sought to make men good by law. Mistaking the end of civil government, they have entered the realm of religion, and attempted to become the guardians of the religious beliefs and practises of the people. No greater mistake could be made. Gov-ernments are the proper guardians of hu-man rights. In the defense of these, all the power and machinery of government may legitimately be used. But when this  power and this machinery are invoked to direct or control individual belief, and to compel the conscience, civil government becomes the subverter and the destroyer of rights instead of the protector and pre-server of them. And yet so little is the proper province of human government understood, and so little has been learned from the lessons of the past, many to-day are clamoring for religious legislation. And, strange to say, as of old, the most ardent advocates of such legislation are not only religionists, but professed follcwers of the meek and lowly Jesus. They seem not yet to have learned that " all violence in religion is irreligious, and that whoever is wrong, the persecutor can not be right." We appeal to the friends of liberty every-where to study this question in the light of history, in the light of the Bible, and particularly in the light of the golden rule; and to %join with us in sounding a note of warning throughout the world against the evils of religious legislation. Let every one, from the heart, learn to say: " My religious ccnvictions may be ever so in-tense, yet I have no right to compel others to act as I do in matters of religion. I have used my freedom of choice in this matter, and I should be willing to grant every one else the same liberty that I ask for myself." This is Christianity. This is liberty. The Sunday Closing of Expo- sitions WE are not opposed to expositions being closed on Sunday or on any other day the managers of them may wish to close them. That is their right and privilege. But we are opposed to expositions, or any other places, either public or private, being closed on Sunday by law, or by anything like a great national bribe in the form of a government appropriation conditioned upon Sunday closing, as in the case of the Chi- 