22 LIBERTY that man's relation with his God is above human legislation, and his rights of con-science inalienable." In a closing paragraph: " If the Al-mighty has set apart the first day of the week as a time which man is bound to keep holy and devote exclusively to his worship, would it not be more congenial to the pre-cepts of Christians to appeal exclusively to the great Lawgiver of the universe to aid them in making men betterŠin correcting their practises, by purifying their hearts? Government will protect them in their ef-forts. When they shall have so instructed the public mind and awakened the con-science of individuals as to make them be-lieve that it is a violation of God's law to carry the mail, open post-offices, or receive letters on Sunday, the evil of which they complain will cease of itself, without any exertion of the strong arm of civil power." Although the provisions of this bill are not identical with the demands of the pe-titioners in 1830, yet the principles involved are precisely the same, and if Congress should pass this bill, it would by such an act, so far as it is concerned, decide two questions now in controversy among Chris-tian people. First, Which day of the week is to beŁ treated as a sacred day ? and sec-ond, Does the proper observance of a sacred day demand the total cessation of both labor and amusement? I can not more fit-tingly describe the logical result of such a step as the passing of this bill than to quote from the words of the report adopted by the United States Senate on Jan. 19, 1829: " If the principle is once established that religion, or religious observance, shall be interwoven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it to its ultimatum. We shall, if consistent, provide for the erection of edifices for worship of the Creator, and for the, support of Christian ministers, if we believe such measures will promote the in-terests of Christianity." We desire to avoid any such consequences by denying the prin-ciple altogether. The True Principle Violated This bill violates the true principle of religious liberty as well in the case of those who voluntarily observe the first day of the week as the sabbath, as in the case of those who observe another day or those who do not wish to observe any day. The principle is the same, whether one is com- pelled to do what he wishes to do or what he wishes not to do. This is well stated by Mr. Justice Burnett, of the Supreme Court of California, in his opinion rendered in ex-Parte Newman, 9 California 513-14: " The fact that the Christian voluntarily keeps holy the first day of the week, does not authorize the legislature to make that observance compulsory. The legislature can not compel the citizen to do that which the Constitution leaves him free to do or omit, at his election. The act violates as much the religious freedom of the Chris-tian as of the Jew. Because the conscien-tious views of the Christian compel him to keep Sunday as the sabbath, he has the right to object when the legislature invades his freedom of religious worship, and as-sumes the power to compel him to do that which he has the right to omit if he pleases.  The principle is the same whether the act of the legislature compels us to do that which we wish to do or not to do." An Inconsistent Argument It is claimed that Sunday laws are merely civil regulations. And a prominent Sunday-law advocate claims that " Sabbath laws are consistent with liberty in their lower phases, in the same way as other laws for the prevention of cruelty to ani-mals." The inconsistency of this argument in its practical application is plainly shown in the arrest and imprisonment for the vio-lation of Sunday laws of those who have already rested one full day in the week. Very pertinent in this connection is the opinion of Mr. Justice Cooley, in his " Con-stitutional Limitations," page 477: " It appears to us that, if the benefit of the indi-vidual is alone to be considered, the argu-ment against the law [forbidding labor and sports on the first day of the week] which he may make who has already ob-served the seventh day of the week, is unanswerable." The infringement upon religious liberty consists not in providing that a person may rest if he so desires, but in compelling him to rest on a certain day of the week, and that really for religious considerations, because, as was affirmed by Chief Justice Terry, of California : " The truth is, however much it may be disguised, that this one day of rest is purely a relig-ious idea. Derived from the Sabbatical in-stitutions of the ancient Hebrews, it has been adopted into the creeds of the suc- 