20 LIBERTY Some Evil Results From a Union of Church and State C. E. HOLMES THE zealous promoters of the move-ment for a union of religion and the state in this country seem either ignorant of, or indifferent to, the evils which have invariably resulted from such an unholy alliance in the past. The declared pur-pose of the movement is the salvation of men; but the agency of its accomplish-ment partakes more of the civil law than of the everlasting gospel of Jesus Christ. But true religion is rooted deeper than mere conformity to a civil law. It springs spontaneously from the heart under the influence of God's Spirit, and can only be hindered in its action by legal restrictions. At the Conference of Evangelical Christians of various nations, held in Berlin, in 1857, Rev. E. Kuntze, in his report " on the state of evangelical Chris-tians in eastern Germany," makes some significant statements on the weakness of state-established churches and the inabil-ity of Sunday laws to revive the dying embers of personal piety. He says: Š " The northeastern part of Germany Šfrom the forest of Thuringia and the Hartz Mountains as far as the Russian-Polish frontier Š has been in the pos-session of the Lutheran Church from the time of the Reformation. Here, if any-where in so widely extended a province, where the Lutheran Church governs with unlimited power, she might show what she could do for the promotion of godli-ness, for the removal of physical and spiritual wretchedness, and for a new development of Christian life. But the Lutheran Church, from the time of the Reformation, has given herself up into the hands of secular princes and to the dominion of civil authorities, and thus has sacrificed all ecclesiastical independ-ence." Š" The Religious Condition of Christendom," page 334. Leaning upon the arm of the state, she found it an arm of flesh, entirely inade-quate to conduct her in safety over slippery and dangerous places. In de- scribing her condition, Mr. Kuntze con-tinues :Š " The Lutheran Church having al-lowed the state to prescribe her laws, she also sought help from the state in all cases of difficulty, and where this help was delayed, she knew not where to turn. When, therefore, the question of the present difficulties of the church and the measures necessary to be employed for their settlement was mooted among some orthodox clergymen, one sug-gested, ' The police ought to interfere ; ' another, ' The government ought to ren-der its aid; ' a third, ' The state must help us ; ' it scarcely entered into their consid-eration that the church has an enormous power in herself for her own assistance ; they had forgotten that Jesus Christ is her Head and King."ŠIbid., pages 334, 335. This union was not only a source of trouble and discouragement to the church-members, but was a means of alienating the religious affections of those outside her walls who might, under Christian labor, have joined her com-munion. He continues : Š " This is, therefore, the great injury to the cause of the Lord in these eastern provinces, that the people, estranged from the church, regard preachers, church, and Christianity as an institution of the state and of police ; and as they may not rebel against. the state and its regulations, they will at least claim for themselves the satisfaction of demonstrating to the church their derision and contempt in the plainest terms."ŠIbid., page 335. His summary of the deplorable evils resulting from the lack of spiritual life in this district so long under the control of a church which had " given herself up into the hands of secular princes and to the dominion of civil authorities," is not at all surprising. He describes some of these evils thus:Š " In Mecklenburg with iron severity every deviation from Lutheran orthodoxy is repressed. Catholics and Baptists are persecuted, imprisoned, and proscribed without indulgence. Yet it has by no 