132 LIBERTY industrial disputes, that the worker is protected from dangerous machinery, and that the hookworm is destroyed. The church as a church has a far more important commission delivered to her than to burden herself with these self-iniposed responsibilities to act as a foster-mother over the state, urging her con-stantly to look after this trivial affair and a thousand and one other merely temporal interests which are solely duties of the state. Christ clearly repudiated the idea so prevalent today that his mis-sion was to settle and adjust all social problems, when a certain man came to  him and insisted : " Master, speak to my brother, that he divide the inheritance with me. And he said unto him, Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you? " And to Pilate he said, " My king-dom is not of this world." As citizens of the state, it is our privi-lege and duty to take an interest in all temporal matters pertaining to the wel-fare of mankind and the proper functions of the state; but as churches we must be true to the great commission, and not mix spiritual and eternal with carnal and temporal interests. The line of demarca-tion has been divinely placed. The Golden Rule Ignored ANOTHER way of stating the golden rule is : " What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others." A per-son who believes in the golden rule and understands its significance, logically can never become a consistent Sunday-law, or, in fact, any other kind of relig-ious-law, advocate to force his dissenting neighbor into submission by the power of the state. He would never want his dissenting brother treated any differently than he would be willing to have that brother treat him. Where is a strong Sunday-law advocate who wants every one to be compelled by the state to ob-serve Sunday whether he is of that opin-ion or not and who, on the other hand, is also willing to petition the state to compel himself to keep the seventh day or any other day he has no faith in, the same as he compels his brother to rest on Sun-day, a day in which he has no faith? How many compulsory-Sunday-law ad-vocates would hurrah for a universal compulsory Saturday law if it were sup-ported by Sabbatarians ? It is a good thing for one who is advocating oppress-ive laws to put himself in the place of  the party he is persecuting and punish-ing. We know better how a pinching shoe feels if we put it on our own foot. What Would the compulsory Sunday-law advocates think of the proposition to have the religious societies that believe the seventh day to be the true Sabbath, petition Congress and the State legis-latures to enact a compulsory law requir-ing those who keep the first day or no day to keep the seventh day or be penal-ized and legally condemned for refusing to obey such a law ? Wpuld there not be a storm of protests raised over such an issue, and justly so? The spirit of the golden rule as given by Christ is a strong protest from the Saviour against all compulsory religious enactments. Consequently, compulsory Sunday laws are contrary to the golden rule, and every Christian who wants his neighbor, without conviction or contrary to conviction of faith, forced to keep Sunday because he himself keeps Sunday, ignores the golden rule. It is certain that the zealous Sunday advocate does not want to be forced to keep Saturday also, or he would not be so zealous for Sunday. 