110 LIBERTY the future, but is accepted because it is all that can be had " for the time being." Pt is the duty of civil government to protect all its citizens in the possession of all their individual rights, whether natural or acquired. Natural rights are inborn, fundamental, inalienable. Among them " are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Civil government cannot give natural rights, but should protect all in the freest exercise of them compatible with the exercise of the same rights in others. Acquired rights may be the product of one's own acts, as the right to prop-erty that has been obtained for a con-sideration, or the right to control an-other's time and labor for a given pe-riod, having secured it for a price, or wage. Rights of this class are some-times held by permission of others, as the right to sell intoxicating drinks, which is not natural, but acquired through the sufferance of others. It is this class of rights that rests upon con-tract; and where the public has power to grant them, it may revoke them also, which, in a republic, means by the ma-jority of the people. All rights are limited by the rights of others, and liberty should only be ex-ercised within one's rights. A man car-rying a ladder on a crowded street, sud-denly turned around, hitting another man on the nose, who resented the treatment, and was told, " This is a land of liberty, and a man has a right to carry a ladder." " Yes," he replied, " this is a land of liberty, and you have a right to carry a ladder, but I give you to understand that all your rights and liberties end where my nose begins." Civil authority may make and enforce rules for proper sewerage or for the pu-rity of the public water-supply, on ac-count of preserving the public health; but it has no right to compel the private citizen to drink some particular kind of mineral water for his health. Civil au-thority may send a drunken man to jail, not because he is drunk, but because he is a menace to the rights of others. It  may quarantine those who have conta-gious or infectious diseases, but it does not deprive a man of his liberty because he has smallpox, but because he is en-dangering the health and lives of others. Working seven days instead of six does not interfere with any one's rights, nor endanger his health; no crime nor mis-demeanor is committed by the act. If the state is to take paternal charge of each individual, and have personal su-pervision of all that affects the individual health, it should prohibit all forms of dissipation, decide the time and number of meals per day, the kind of food to be eaten, and see that such wards of the state do not overeat. If the state is to punish a man for in-jury, or rather danger, to his personal health by working too many days, it should punish him for having, or being liable to have, the colic from eating too many green apples or cucumbers. Under such a government it would be well to adopt the most extreme modern ideas of paroling prisoners, or it would soon be found that there were not enough people out of jail to provide for those who were in jail. The state may deterniine the number of days or hours in a week that shall be required of laborers on public works, or of public officials in the discharge of their duties. It may also regulate simi-lar acts of corporations. It should pro-tect minors. Its convicts and insane are under its control. But it has no right to interfere with the personal acts of its free private citizens, who do not injure nor endanger others. Not According to Nature Facts do not sustain the assertion that working seven days in the week is de-structive of health. The Japanese and Chinese have paid no attention to a weekly day of rest, but have been al-most incessant toilers for centuries; and now their powers of endurance are so great that Sunday-keeping laborers ask for state protection against their com-petitive labor. Where Sunday is a day of general enforced idleness, Monday 