ROGER WILLIAMS The Apostle of Religious Liberty in America, Welcomed by the Indians When Driven Out of Massachusetts LIBERTY 87 ligigus conduct, accountable at his judgment bar at the last great day, instead of at Caesar's judgment bar now. This doctrine is now very generally accepted, not only in Virginia, but in nearly all the States in the Union. There are still a few of the States which claim, through some ancient stat-utes which they ought to have repudiated and repealed long ago, that they have the right to legislate upon and enforce the first four com-mandments of the decalogue, those which regu-late a man's duty toward God. But nearly all the States in the Union have incorporated into their State Constitutions practically our Na-tional Declarations of religious freedom, as well as of civil liberty. At the date of the American Revolution the American colonies knew nothing better than religious toleration. The struggle for civil liberty in America brought about the consummation and fru-ition of religious freedom. Both were born at the same time in our national history, because civil and religious freedom stand or fall together. Neither can exist and proiper without the other. Faith of Our Forefathers Our American forefa-thers of the Revolutionary era adopted the ideals of Roger Williams' model re-public in Rhode Island, and completely separated the church and the state in the Federal Government and Constitution, guaran-teeing full religious free- dom to each individual citizen, so far as was possible under our scheme of government. Be- cause of the triumph of these glorious princi- ples of human liberty and the rights of the individual conscience, our government has be- come the greatest, most prosperous, and the most peaceful and contented nation in the world. Let truth, justice, liberty, and equality prevail, and may these grand principles of the distinctively civil and divine governments never be confounded, but may each continue to oper-ate in its own distinct field in harmony with its own fundamental principles of civil and religious freedom, and then persecution will be impossible, and such terms as religious tolera-tion and intolerance will speedily become ob-solete. A Threatened Danger But just as certainly as America ignores these fundamental principles and tramples underfoot the rights of the individual conscience in re- ligious matters, whether in time of peace or in time of war, America is doomed, and the hope of the world through civic regeneration is lost. When America loses her liberties and places the rights of the minority under the tyranny of the majority, or vice versa, the world is left without hope. When America goes down, the last chance of reforming the world through human efforts is gone. The whole world will then be rushing to its destiny of doom foretold by all the holy prophets since time began. The Failure of Men Means the Triumph of God But the failure of selfish, carnal, tyrannical rulers of men and nations will mean the speedy triumph of right. God and truth and justice and liberty will triumph at the last great day over all their foes, and those who stand for God and for these eternal principles will join in the final and crowning shout of eternal vic-tory. The human outlook of things in this evil world is ominous, but the divine forecast is bright and promising. God moves in a mys-terious way to perform his wonders and to perfect his plans. All things are moving in the direction of their destined goal. Not all the men on earth, nor all the devils in hell, can thwart the divine plan or defeat the purpose of God. Ilf ItE IV FORCED obedience to God's law will not change hearts. It will not make men one whit better morally, but by compelling them to appear to be what they are not, will make them hypocrites. W. T. M. 