6 LIBERTY A Contrast With a Meaning THE criminal statistics for the Domin-ion of Canada for the year 1908 were recently published, and contain food for thought. From those statistics it is seen that crime in the Dominion has increased one hundred eighty per cent during the last ten years. A glance at the record for Prince Edward Island, where an actual decline of forty-two per cent in crime for the same period is shown, raises a query as to the cause of the great dif-ference in this respect between Prince Edward Island and the rest of the Do-minion. The secret lies in this, that Prince Edward Island is prohibition territory, and the rest of the Dominion is not. Says the New York Weekly Witness: " The main cause of its [Prince Edward Island's] comparative freedom from crime must be found in the banishment of the liquor traffic. The number of convictions for serious crimes was over seventeen for every ten thousand of pop-ulation throughout the Dominion, but was less than one and a half for every ten thousand in Prince Edward Island." This is ari argument for prohibition which can not be refuted. When logic, fact, and common sense unite as they do here, in such an argument, the exponents of license must acknowledge defeat. The Nations and the Vatican REPORTS from Germany indicate that the relations between that nation and the Vatican are in a condition of un-pleasant irritation. The Pope is requir-ing that all Catholic teachers and priests subscribe to the anti-modernist oath. The German government objects to this requirement so far as the university pro-fessors of theology are concerned. The ground of the government's objection is that to subscribe to the anti-modernist oath would deprive these professors of their independence as teachers. It was  thought that the Pope had yielded the point ; but not so. He declares, in a let-ter to the cardinal archbishop of Co-logne, that only cowards would not take this oath. The British government finds similar cause for irritation in the Pope's pronunciamento upon mixed marriages in Ireland, especially in view of the sorrow-ful results which immediately followed the publication of the papal decree. This condition of irritation in Germany and England, taken in connection with the strained relations existing between Spain and the Vatican, and the entire rupture of relations between France and the Vat-ican, Portugal and the Vatican, and Italy and the Vatican, prove plainly enough that the Pope is active in the affairs of nations ; but it can hardly be said that his activities are adding anything to the peace of the peoples affected by his de-crees. But these conditions have always characterized the activities of religious organizations that have sought to dictate to rulers and lawmakers. If the Vatican can not rule the nations, she will make herself a thorn in their sides to the end of time. As to This Issue THE promulgation of religion is in the hands of the church, and in that work the state can have no part; but from the promulgation of education the state can not properly be disbarred. Education and religion should be true yokefellows, not antagonists. While the church in Ameri-ica is busy with its great burden, it is to the honor of the several States of this Union that they have not left it with in-dividuals or societies to see to it that the people are educated. The beautiful cuts that adorn the pages of this issue of LIBERTY bear eloquent witness to the value placed upon education by the peo-ple of America. Not all the States re-sponded to the invitation to be repre-sented in this issue, and of those which did respond our space has permitted us 