16 LIBERTY control others. Catholic and Protestant alike are seeking the power to deprive others of the very thing which they are demanding for themselves. For in-stance, in demanding laws to make it easier for themselves to keep Sunday, they would by the same law deprive others of the liberty to exercise their conscientious convictions in the observ- ance of another day, or at least make it more difficult for them to do so. By the same stroke they would destroy all liberty for those who did not choose to observe any day. All religious legis-lation is unjust, and oppressive. There is no other way in which it can exercise itself than in coercion and oppression. San Diego, Cal. Should the State Teach Religion? The Impossibility of Its Doing So, Clearly Proved L. A. SMITH MANY people of this country to-day answer this question in the affirmative. Many who occupy the position of teach-ers and who are molders of public opin-ion, are calling for such a change in our educational system as will introduce re-ligious teaching into the public schools. Indeed, an organized campaign in behalf of such a " reformation " in the state schools is being conducted by the Na-tional Reform Association, and other great religious organizations in this coun-try are lending their influence to the same end. The campaign is based upon the plea that we must have religion taught in the schools in order to develop good citizens. The very life of the na-tion, it is asserted, depends upon accom-plishing this change in our " godless " system of state education. This is an important question. The union of religion with the state for any purpose, at any point in the economy of government, is no light thing. The con-sequences may be momentous. History has taught us to beware of such alliances. Let us therefore examine the question carefully in its various bearings, before coming to the conclusion that the teach-ing of religion by the state is the rem-edy needed to cure the prevailing moral degeneracy of the times. In theory, the teaching of religion by the state works out nicely; but this proves nothing as to its practical re-sults. It is assumed that the state has  the knowledge and power necessary to the inculcation of the right religion; for it is, of course, not desired that false religious teaching should be imparted. But there are some very weak points in this assumption. The Question in the Light of History Let us inquire, first, as to the results which have followed where state teach-ing of religion has been carried into ef-fect; for we have, fortunately, an abun-dance of historical testimony on this point. We may judge the tree by its fruit. The idea that the state ought to teach religion is not a new one. The theory as to the benefits to be derived from such an educational system has had a long and thorough trial in various countries, and is on trial in some of them at the present time. For examples, consider such countries as France, Spain, Portugal, Russia, Italy, Peru, and Mexico. What started the recent separation of church and state in France ? It is well known that it began with a revolt against the teaching of religion in the state schools. For cen-turies this had been the practise in France, and what had been the result? Had the country gained anything from such teaching? Had the country been saved from godlessness? Had the theory been demonstrated that state teaching of religion was necessary to the state's sal-vation? The truth is that the conviction had come upon the leading statesmen of 