THE COURT-HOUSE, PITTSBURG, PA. Court House. Pittsburgh, I LIBERTY 29 )07 urging all delegates to be present, the chairman, Dr. T. T. Mutchler, said : " There has never been a session of any men since the Declaration of Independ-ence that means more than the session that is to meet here this af-ternoon." As we listened to this strong an-nouncement, w e thought: A ses-sion called to form an organ-ization to enforce Sunday observ-ance by law may mean as much as that which framed the Dec-laration of Inde-pendence, but it certainly does not mean the same. That meant lib-erty, freedom, and equality ; this means bigotry, bondage, and op-pression. That was t h e begin-ning of a new nation, founded on principles of justice and liberty ; this is the begin-ning of an organization destructive of justice and liberty. That was the dawn of an epoch of civil and religious free-dom ; this the herald of a night of op-pression. On account of some difficulty in adjusting matters satisfactorily with the officers of the American Sabbath Union, the final steps in perfecting the Lord's Day Alliance of the United States were not taken at this conven-tion, but were left in the hands of a committee, with the power to act. The organization, however, was launched, and we may expect to hear of its doings later. That the whole movement is religious, and that the underlying thought and ultimate object of the newly formed or-ganization, as its name would imply, is the religious ob-servance of Sun-day, were appar-ent to any one who listened to t h e addresses, and took note of the proceedings of the conven-tion. As with the movement i n Canada, while Protestants were the leaders, there was a manifest desire on the part of t h e convention that Catholics should join in this movement, and labor organ-izations be in-duced to add the weight of their influence to it. When all these forces shall com-bine for the ac-tomplishment of this thing, we may expect a revival of boycotting measures and persecuting edicts, and can bid adieu to religious liberty in this land. The Exemption Clause in the Johnston Sunday Bill K. C. RUSSELL ONE of the most remarkable features contained in the Johnston Sunday bill for the District of Columbia is its ex-emption clause in favor of those " who are members of a religious society, who observe as a sabbath any other day in the week than Sunday." This clause at once stamps the bill as unmistakably a 