LIBERTY 115 is a matter that relates to the manage-ment of the government and not to the church nor to religion.' " He next addressed one of our breth-ren there present, and asked him also why he was in the galleys. ' For having prayed to God, sir, in a meeting,' the brother replied. " ' Another violation of the king's or-ders,' resumed Father Garcin. ' The king,' said he, ' has forbidden coming to-gether to pray to God in any other place than the parish and other churches of the kingdom.' " Another of our brethren told him that, being ill, the curate came to his bed-side to receive his declaration as to whether he wished to live and die in the Reformed or Catholic religion ; that hav-ing recovered from his sickness he was arrested and condemned to the galleys. " ' Still another violation of the king's orders,' said Father Garcin. ' His Maj-esty will have all his subjects live and die in the Romish religion. You have de-clared that you will not do so. That is contravening the king's orders. So, gen-tlemen, all of you that are here have violated the king's commands. The church has nothing to do with it. She was not present at your trial ; she did not pre- side over it. In a word, the whole took place outside of her and of her cogni-zance.' " Then the narrator, Marteilhe, exposed the fallacy of the " civil punishment " argument of persecution, flagrant and unashamed. Pretending that the mis-sioner had presented unanswerable argu-ments, he asked if he would be set free from the galleys while awaiting instruc-tion in the right religion before making abjuration of his Protestant faith. " ' Assuredly not,' said the priest. You will never be released before ab-juring with all the customary form.' " ' And if I do thus abjure, may I hope to go forth soon ? ' " In a fortnight thereafter, on the word of a priest ; for you see the king promises to release in such a case.' " Then Marteilhe showed him that it was for religion, and religion alone, that he was condemned; for only by abjuring his religion could he go free. (See Vol-ume II, pages 129, 13o.) How do those Protestant clergymen who urge the " civil punishment " the-ory in justification of Sunday-law pros-ecution like this setting forth of the same theory by the missioner in the Marseilles Huguenot prison? A Hearing on Proposed Sunday Legislation G. B. THOMPSON SINCE the old Sunday law of the Dis-trict of Columbia was declared uncon-stitutional by Judge Pugh of the police court, an effort has been made by many of the barbers of Washington to have a new Sunday law enacted by Congress for the District. Recently a petition was presented to the Commissioners of the District of Columbia, signed by two hundred ten of the barbers of the District, requesting that the commission-ers introduce into Congress a bill prohib-iting the opening of barber shops on Sunday. April 29, 1913, a hearing which had been arranged by the Religious Liberty Association to protest against such legis-lation was held before the Commissioners of the District. Mr. A. C. Luber, Mr. Myers, and others, representing the larger barber shops of Washington, ap-peared in opposition to the passing of any law that would close the shops on Sunday. Mr. Myers presented a pe-tition from the managers of nineteen of the leading hotels in the city against Sunday closing of barber shops. Mr. Myers remarked that clergymen, sena- 