LIBERTY 89 States Constitution under which we have prospered so long, no church or church combination can of right appeal to, or accept the support of, worldly governments in enforcing its observance. Earthly governments are ordained of God in things civil, and not religious. Civil governments are earthly, temporal. The church has spiritual weapons only for her use in enforcing the doctrines of her Lord. Sunday closing may have often been accomplished by civil law, but no church has ever gained anything but spiritual death by the use of such weapons. The Constitution of this great nation clearly forbids the enactment of religious laws within its realm. If the " movies " are wrong on Sunday, they are just as wrong on Monday, so fax as any properly constituted and op-erated civil government is 'concerned. Any recreation or toil which is proper on Monday, should be just as proper on Sunday in the eyes of a just civil gov-ernment. If we find that men have violated the principles of our Constitution, their vio-lation cannot change nor alter the plain teachings of the supreme law of our Government. If Congress is prohibited from enact-ing a religious law, what authority shall presume to rise above our national Con-gress, and also exalt itself above our su-preme law, and enact laws contrary to our supreme law and expressly forbidden by it ? Is it not by the United States Constitution that every one of our laws is tp be tested ? Christ Jesus said to Pilate, " My king-dom is not of this world." He also said, " If any man hear my words, and be-lieve not, I judge him not : for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." If the Lord of glory did not come to judge the unbelievers, we ask, who but Antichrist claims the right to do what Christ himself would not do ? The people generally are not asking for stricter Sunday laws. In the States where no Sunday laws exist, there is as  much happiness and true religion as where the strictest old-time blue law is enforced. A radical, and it seems almost fanati-cal, minority continually clamors for reli-gious legislation ; while the great masses fervently thank God for the rights of conscience recognized by our forefathers when they established religious liberty in America. When a man does not interfere with the equal rights of others, he should be free to enjoy his convictions in carrying out his understanding of what is right. To God, and not to men, we owe our re-gard for religious institutions. If Sun-day is a holy day, a " Thus saith God " will accomplish far more in sustaining it than ten thousand human laws. Let church people learn the teachings of their Lord. By holy lives, and not by legislative acts, the cause of true religion will be advanced. To deprive any people of America of their constitutional rights is evil. When these rights are taken away by demands or consent of the church, she thereby confesses her loss of heavenly power and support. Fines and imprisonment were never provided by the holy Author of liberty to enforce and build up his king-dom among men. THE passion to rule over the consciences, souls, and bodies of other men does not eman-ate from the meek and lowly Nazarene, but springs from Lucifer, who said: "I will as-cend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: . . . I will be like the Most High." Tax state that grants equal privileges to all its citizens can have no favorites among any of the divergent religions. All citizens and all religions stand on an equality before the law, no matter how rich or how poor, how numerous or how few, how popular or how despised, any of them may be. All deserve equal protection, without favor or discrimination. This is the very essence of true democracy and the spirit of genuine Americanism. 