8 LIBERTY This course of repression, while it ter-rified some, nerved others to a spirit of resistance and heroic courage that has seldom been equaled in the history of persecutions. About 1555 Peter Titelman, we are PATRIOTS THE told in " Historians' History," Vol. XIII, page 393, " executed his infamous func-tions throughout Flanders, Douai, and Tournay, the most thriving and populous portions of the Netherlands, 'with a swiftness, precision, and even with a jocularity that 'hardly seemed human. He burned men for idle words or sus-pected thoughts ; he rarely waited, ac-cording to his frank confession, for deeds." The terrific tortures to which Protes-tants were subjected set up a reaction against the Catholic Church. which finally resulted in a fury of iconoclasm (literally destroying idols). Mobs en-tered about four hundred Catholic churches, and destroyed images, pictures, emblems connected with the worship, and even the buildings. Here again was a proceeding that no one but a partizan writer would defend as right. But the terrible and con-stant ordeal to which these peo-ple have been subjected until their very beings revolted, may serve as an excuse. The Prot-estant leaders were not insti-gators of these mob-risings, and deplored them. A remarkable fact is that the iconoclasts did not injure any of the Catholic worshipers, and did not attempt to carry away anything from the churches. Their object seemed to be accomplished when they had broken the images, which they thought desecrated the worship of God. Shortly after this, there was an agreement entered into that the Inquisition should be abol-ished, and Protestant churches began to be erected all over the country with marvelous rapidity. Men gave work and gave jewels gladly for the erection of places of worship, which had been so long denied them. But the work of the icono-clasts had caused a revulsion of feeling,Š a reaction on the part of many against the Protestants. Moreover, it was not long before Spain, in 1567, sent the Duke of Alva with seventeen thousand Spanish sol-diers to subdue the Reformation. For six years he ruled with an iron hand. He had headquarters at Brussels, in Belgium, and there employed the Porte de Hal as a bastile, or political prison, and hundreds of patriots were beheaded. He was determined at all hazards to crush out Protestantism and liberty. It is said that he and his bloody council had passed the death sentence upon every PUT TO DEATH IN BRUSSELS UNDER REGIME OF THE DUKE OF ALVA 