LIBERTY 7 Irish boys and girls come over here; and they do not know they have left holy Ireland; and they do not know they have come into a devilish country, a country that has no religion, a country that has no standard of morality. . . . Ireland is an island of saints. This is a country of devils. It is not the magazine LIBERTY that is making this declaration concerning the male portion of the product of parochial schools and the country in which they busy themselves. It is the editor of a Catholic weekly, himself a priest, who lays bare the situation. Having his in-formation at first hand, we can not call it in question; and we can not help won-dering how much of the blame for this condition rests upon those " best politi-cians " of whom he speaks. There is blame somewhere for the con-dition of which Editor Phelan speaks. Does it rest upon the " godless " public schools which those swift-straying young men do not attend? We hardly think so ; for the products of both systems can not be worst, and in any case we can not blame one system for the product of an-other. We will not place the blame ; but we will say this : that a system of edu-cation which makes no pretense of teach-ing religion but does educate eye, ear, hand, and brain to a high plane of use-fulness, leaving religion to those divinely commissioned to teach it, produces bet-ter results than the results laid bare in the above quotation. An Eminent Baptist Clergyman on Sunday Closing THE oft-repeated arguments of the champions of Sunday legislation that an open Sunday is more demoralizing than enforced idleness on that day, re-ceives a strong rebuke from an eminent Baptist clergyman, the late Dr. G. C. Lorimer. Dr. Lorimer, who was for several years pastor of the Fremont  Temple Baptist Church in Boston, and later pastor of John D. Rockefeller's church in New York City, once said : Š Many eminent churchmen have re-joiced during the past few years be-cause of the opening of the art museum and public libraries during a portion of Sunday, yet this boon was the result of years of agitation, and the men and women whose unrelenting demands se-cured the privilege were denounced as heretical persons who were planning the general wreck of Christianity. . . . When the Sunday evening concert was tolerated in Boston, the amusement places were crowded every Sunday by non-going church people, and the streets kept clear of that mob of aim-less persons who always throng the pub-lic streets during an idle day. Certain churchmen concluded that the Sunday concert was responsible for the small attendance at the evening church serv-ice, and acting upon this impression, they demanded the police to interfere. What was the immediate result? Every hotel and brothel in the city became crowded, and the churches did not gain a respectable increase. Under the Sun-day concert plan men were able to go to work on Monday morning, while under the present arrangement they are un-able to do so, owing to the debauch of the Sunday evening. If Sunday be made a day of gloom in this State, the inevitable penalty will be loss of commercial importance and the creation of a class of human beings who will be skilful in evading the penalty of law, while indulging in a state of law-lessness which will endanger Chris-tianity. Churchmen should learn that the more effective way to attract men and women to divine service is by the force of love and a Spirit-filled message, and not by closing up every other avenue so that there is no opportunity to ex-ercise the power of choice.. The Author of Christianity said : " No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him." K. C. R. 