LIBERTY 25 religious beliefs, and of retaliation upon those who have so long abused the rights of mankind. Many of the Protestants are fearful of the results of this appli-cation of the law, and it is meeting with considerable criticism abroad. It is a little early to say what the real application of the law will be. We are sure if Mr. Alfonso Costa could have his way, he would do justice to Protestants. The public authorities have been very  be brought before the house of deputies, or congress, where it may suffer some modifications. In these changes we can but see the fulfilment of prophecy. Other changes will also come about very rapidly. The experience of Portugal with that relig-ious power which has been dominant so long in her affairs should be a lesson to America, and warn her statesmen against the increasing influence of that same CITY A.N1) HARBOR OF LISBON, PORTt .\I, kind to us, in protecting us and in giving permission and information for organ-izing our work. This law will, of course,  spiritual power in American civil and re-ligious affairs. Lisbon, Portugal. Ł Liberty of Conscience in China J. N. ANDERSON ALL false religions are intolerant, and that very fact is in itself evidence that they are false. It is only truth that has no fear of fair play in the race for su-premacy. History witnesses to the fact that in every effort to hold their own or to displace a rival faith, false religions have resorted to physical force. This charge is abundantly proved in the case of China. Confucianism is the state religion of China, though in the strictest sense it is  rather a code of morals and ethics for both the state and the individual. A mis-sionary to China of long experience and close observation speaks of Confucian-ism as follows : " They [the Chinese] have the loftiest moral code which the human mind unaided by divine revelation has ever produced, and its crystalline pre-cepts have been the rich inheritance of every successive present from every suc-cessive past. The certainty that this is the best system of human thought as re- 