12 LIBERTY legal restrictions. The only basis upon which honest labor and lawful sports are prohibited on Sunday is the supposed re-ligious character of the day. But " the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest " being a religious question, is outside the sphere of legislative bodies, and should be left between man and his Maker. We are opposed to this bill because by its many exceptions it creates confusion and uncertainty, and establishes arbitrary distinctions between legal and illegal acts, and in the second section makes the stri-king of the clock a boundary line between legitimate business and crime. Such leg-islation tends to breed contempt for law and to turn honest citizens into criminals. All legislation requiring cessation of labor or amusements, or both, on Sunday is necessarily religious legislation. La-bor or amusements which are legitimate on other days are, from a civil stand-point, legitimate on Sunday. Whatever is immoral on Sunday is equally immoral on other days, and any restrictive legis-lation should apply on every day. Opposed to Constitution All such legislation is contrary both in spirit and in letter to the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States. All such legislation infringes upon the religious liberty of all classes of men, not only of those who observe another clay and those who observe no day whatever, but as well of those whose present religious sentiments lead them to the voluntary observance of the first day of the week as a day of rest and worship. All such legislation is outside the proper sphere of civil government, whose duty it is, not to favor any religion or any sect of any religion, but to protect all its citizens in the exercise of their religious belief (so long as in so doing they do not interfere with the equal rights of others), or in their refusal to exercise a religious belief. All such legislation constitutes a deci-sion of a religious controversy as to the proper day to be selected for rest and worship, which is at present a much mooted question. Such laws, if en-forced, lead to religious persecution, as has been clearly demonstrated in the re-cent history of various States in which more than one hundred citizens who oh- served another day than Sunday have been fined or imprisoned or sentenced to the chain-gang through the administra-tion of Sunday laws. Means Union of Church and State All such legislation is in effect a union of church and state, or a long step toward such union, and is therefore both un-American and un-Christian. All such legislation, although profess-edly in the interest of the laboring man, really enslaves all labor. The assumption of the right to forbid honest labor on one day, involves the right to forbid it on any or all days. All such legislation degrades the whole idea of Sabbath observance to a mere outward ceremony and secular affair, as is evidenced by the attempt of the advo-cates of this legislation to justify their demands by inventing the fiction of " a civil Sabbath." That the real purpose of this bill is to enforce at least an outward regard for Sunday as a religious institution is clearly shown by the exemption clause attached to the first section. " The proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest " is enforced upon all persons except those " who are members of a religious society who observe as a Sabbath any other day in the week than Sunday." in other words, all persons in the District of Columbia must religiously regard one clay in the week, preferably Sunday. But the religious ob-servance of another day will be accepted in lieu of the observance of Sunday. It is difficult to see how the religious character of this proposed legislation could be more clearly indicated than by this exemption clause. An Unsafe Basis for Religious Rights Furthermore, where perfect religious freedom exists, any restrictive legisla-tion of this kind, even with an exemption clause attached, is a step toward intoler-ance. It is the assumption of the right to control the religious conduct of men. And when this is conceded, the same power which grants the exemption may afterward withhold it. The only safe basis for religious freedom is found in the denial of the right of any lawmaking body to enforce even an outward regard for any religious institution. 