CHAMBERS-WYLIE MEMORIAL CHURCH, PHILADELPHIA, IN WHICH THE CONFERENCE WAS HELD LIBERTY 27 agency for teaching these principles to the world, and in doing this work she is rendering invaluable service to the na-tion. " 3. When these principles have been proclaimed among any people, and ac-cepted by any number of citizens, it becomes their duty to get together as citi-zens, and make these principles dominant in the life of their respective nations. " 4. T h e nation and the family of civ- ilized governments recognize in their laws the vital place which the nation has in the family. In order that these laws may serve the united group, t h e family, they ought to con-form to the moral laws of the Christian religion. " 5. Christian citi-zens in all countries ought to uphold the right of the state to educate its citizens, and to inculcate these principles of Chris-tian truth which re-late to national life, and which have marked the character and institutions of the nation. " 6. The claims of any citizen, or of any minority of citizens, to the right to lay a veto on the free ac-tion of the state in this matter ought to be earnestly resisted. " 7. The public school ought to be used as the most efficient instrument in the possession of the nation for the uplifting of the nation thfough the establishment of right moral character in all her cit-izens. " 8. The Observance of the Lord's Day.  Š Christian citizens in all countries are urged for the sake of the national wel-fare to show by their example their belief in the definite appointment of one day in seven as a day of rest and wor-ship, to uphold the laws which safeguard it, to conform their social usages, the usages of their governments, and the operation of all public utilities, to this beneficent arrangement of their Creator. " 9. Righteous Men for Civil Office.ŠWe ask Christians of all nations to con-sider whether any man who does not fear God and has no regard for his moral laws, can be safely elected to civil office. . . . Indifference to the moral character of those elected to civil office contra- 