LIBERTY 127 Notwithstanding the general prog-ress made within the last two centuries in favor of this branch of liberty, and the full establishment of it in some parts of our country, there remains in others a strong bias toward the old error that without some sort of alliance or coalition between government and religion, neither can be duly supported. Such, indeed, is the tendency to such a coalition, and such its corrupting influence on both the par-ties, that the danger can not be too care-fully guarded against. And in a govern-ment of opinions, like ours, the only ef-fectual guard must be found in the sound-ness and stability of the general opinion on the subject. Every new and success-ful example, therefore, of a perfect sepa-ration between ecclesiastical and civil matters, is of importance ; and I have no doubt that every new example will suc-ceed, as every past one has done, in showing that religion and government will both exist in greater purity the less they are mixed together. In a memorial and remonstrance pre- find this clear statement of an important principle : Š We maintain, therefore, that in mat-ters of religion, no man's right is abridged by the institution of civil society, and that religion is wholly exempt from its cog- nizance. . . Who does not see that the same au-thority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other religions, may establish, with the same ease, any par-ticular sect of Christians, in exclusion of all other sects? We believe that all men ought to be governed by the principles of Christian- ity, both in private and in public life, thus making Christianity a most power-ful influence in shaping the affairs of the nation ; but we are uncompromisingly op-posed to any union of religion and the government, or any governmental,  sup-port of religion. In maintaining this po-sition, we are acting in the interest of pared in 1785 by the same statesman, we pure religion and good government. tv A Dangerous Trend THERE is a dangerous trend in this country toward the adoption of views which, when applied in practical experi-ence, will, to a large degree, subvert the American principle of the separation of church and state. This trend is all the more dangerous because those who advo-cate these views do, at the very same time, make loud professions of adherence to the principles whose foundations they are undermining. A demand is now being voiced that the church shall devote itself more directly to the solution of civic problems, and shall ally itself more closely with the state in the interests of a better civiliza-tion. In a recently issued book, with the title " The Church and Society," by R. Fulton Cutting, president of the New York Association for the Improvement of the Condition of the Poor, this new interpretation of the duty of the church is  quite fully set forth. A review of this book appears in the New York Times of June 9, 1912, under the striking heading " Is a Union of Church and State Needed in America ? " In this article the teach-ing of the book is thus stated : Š Summed up in a sentence, Mr. Cut-ting finds that the social betterment of the race needs a stronger union of church and state than this country has had since it became a republic. Some of the striking sentences quoted from Mr. Cutting's book are these : Š The church is living too much for Christianity, and too little for civiliza-tion. The church must Christianize civili-zation practically, and the civil authori-ties of the democratic state are the tools she has herself so aptly fashioned. But access to the individual is, in a large measure, to be secured through so-ciety, and the church must employ its machinery to increase her value in it. 