-- Ł The Capitol at Washington W here, During the Sixty-sixth Congress, Will Be Fought Out the Sunday-Law Issue tF LIBERT Y The chief difference between this pro-posed law and the Sunday blue law of Puritan New England, is that this law does not compel one " to attend divine services on Sunday, which the Sunday law of the established church of Puritan-ism did require of all adults and all but young children. The Sunday bill of the Pastors' Fed-eration and the Lord's Day Alliance will permit one to sit in an easy-chair at home all day on Sunday. Let us thank them for this privilege at least. But one is compelled to remain idle all day. One can enjoy no recreation or any amuse- When we realize that the Pastors' Federation and the Lord's Day Alliance, according to their own statement, intend this ecclesiastical measure to become " a model Sunday law," not only for the people of the District of Columbia, but for the whole nation, it is at once a subject of vital national interest. If these ministers of the gospel are to pre-scribe our religion for us and compel us to conform to their notions under duress of civil law, it is high time that every American citizen raised his voice and pen in protest against these encroach-ments upon our inalienable rights of re- ment. One cannot be permitted to twid-dle his thumbs while he sits in his easy-chair, because everything that is un-necessary is prohibited. All places of amusement and recrea-tion are closed up tight all day Sunday by the provisions of this religious meas-ure, and the only places that are left open to the public are the churches. If one wishes to go anywhere, he may walk or ride to the church. Not by a fortui-tous but by a designed combination of circumstances, this Sunday bill is so framed that one is not compelled to go to church on Sunday, but it is the only place left open, so if one desires at all to go to any public function, he is com-pelled by force of circumstances to go to church as in the days when Puritanism held undisputed sway in New England.  ligious freedom as vouchsafed by the guaranties of the Federal Constitution. The First Amendment expressly states : " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." Sunday is a religious institution, and its observance as a day of rest is an ecclesiastical obligation, although not a divine requirement. God commanded the seventh day to be observed, and not the first day of the week. Sunday ob-servance is purely an ecclesiastical re-quirement which did not originate until more than three centuries after Christ. Since Saturday, or Sabbath, observance is a divine institution and Sunday ob-servance an ecclesiastical, creedal obli-gation in memory of the resurrection of Christ, and since religion and the church 