222 LIBERTY agers to repair to the church and com-mend their souls and the enterprise to God for the general welfare and safety of all. The individual who neglected to repair to the church was regarded not only as a graceless wretch, but as re-sponsible for every bad omen and mis-fortune which befell the voyagers on the journey, and was punished accord-ingly, on the ground that he had, through his neglect to conform to the will of the Almighty, endangered the " public wel-fare and safety " as well as his own. History informs us that this custom pre-vailed as late as a hundred years ago in almost all countries, and still prevails in  some Catholic nations. (See Cyclopedia of Biography, p. 371.) Fines and imprisonment for a failure to observe Sunday and conform to that rest which the inhabitants of the grave-yard have found, on the ground that the public welfare and safety of society de-mands it, is just as foreign and baseles, as was the position of the old-time sea voyagers who punished the man that, before starting on the voyage, would not go to church with them to hear the bishop say mass and pledge them his parting blessing for a safe and prosperous jour-ney, under the protection of a scapular furnished by the priest. C. S. L. Forced to Wear the Veil Under Conventual Bonds IN the olden days when religion and religious obligations were made compul-sory by civil statutes, women of rare beauty were frequently forced into the conventual life and bonds. A striking incident of this mode of procedure to enforce religious vows against the consent of the individual is recorded in English history, when Ma-tilda, who afterward became the wife of Henry I of England, was forced to take the veil at the instigation of church-men and of barons. She protested vig-orously, and flung the veil from her again and again, but was at last com-pelled to yield to her oppressors, and was forced into submission by actual blows and other acts of violence to her body. At last, Matilda made her escape, ap-peared before the court of Henry I, and told her sad story in words of passionate earnestness, pleading for her deliverance at the hands of the king. She told how her aunt cooperated with the churchmen to hold her in bondage, and frequently by blows forced her to obey. " As often as I stood in her presence," the girl pleaded, " I wore the veil, trembling, as I wore it, with indignation and grief. But as soon as I could get out of her sight, I used to snatch it from my head,  fling it on the ground, and trample it underfoot. That was the way, and none other, in which I was veiled." The court at once declared her free from conventual bonds. As Henry I married Matilda and set the crown on her brow, the joyful shout of the English multitude drowned the disputations and murmurs of the churchmen and barons. (See "History of the English People," par. 117.) We frown today upon the extreme lengths to which the churchmen went in enforcing religious obligations when they operated under a union of church and state in the early days. But does our modern civilization have much to boast above the ancient churchmen, when, un-der a separation of church and state, honest, upright citizens are compelled to observe Sunday, and are fined, impris-oned in dungeons, and incarcerated in jails, or worked in chain gangs with the worst of criminals, for no other crime than working six days during each week and resting the seventh day according to the fourth commandment of the deca-logue? When modern churchmen and civil magistrates violate in this manner the immunities and guaranties of civil and religious freedom vouchsafed to the individual under the federal Constitution. 