POPE LEO XIII General Articles Rome and the Constitution C. M. SNOW FIFTEEN years have made a marvelous change in the attitude of the Roman Cath- olic Church toward the Government of the United States of America. The change has amounted to a complete revolution. But there is a question of serious import to be solved in relation to this transformation of attitude. It is this : Is this change a change in the policy of the Roman Catholic Church, or is it a change in conditions and institutions a n d fundamental prin-ciples here which makes it possible for Rome to ap-prov e and com-mend now what fifteen years ago she viewed with disapproval a n d contempt? In the language of t he Declaration of Independ-ence we say, " Let facts be submitted to a candid world." In the Septem-ber issue of the Catholic World (1871), page 736, there appeared the following in refer-ence to the Consti-tution of the United States: Š "As it is inter-preted by the lib-eral and sectarian journals -that are doing their best to revolutionize it, and is beginning to be interpreted by no small portion of the American people, or is inter- preted by the Protestant principle, so widely diffused among us, . . . we do not accept it, or hold it to be any government at all, or as capable of performing any of the proper functions of government, and if it continues  to be interpreted by the revolutionary prin-ciples of Protestantism, it is sure to fail. . . . Hence it is we so often say that if the American Republic is to be sustained and preserved at all, it must be by the rejection of the principles of the Reformation, and the acceptance of the Catholic principle by the American people." That was published to the American peo-ple thirty-six years ago, and for twenty-one years it stood unchallenged as the authori-tative expression of the attitude of the Roman Church toward this government. In 1892, how-ever, we note a re-markable change. On July II of that year there was published in the New York Sun a letter from the Vatican outlining Pope Leo's plans respecting t h e United States, as follows : Š "What the church has done in the past for others, she will now do for the United States. . . . Like all intuitive souls, he hails in the United American States, and in their young and flourishing church, the source of new life for Europeans. He wants America to be powerful, in order that Europe may regain strength from borrowing a rejuvenated type. . . . If the United States succeed in solving the many problems that puzzle us, Europe will follow her example, and this outpouring of light will mark a date in the history not only of the United States, but of all humanity." In October of the same year, Archbishop 