X05 LIBERTY 23 The Absurd Side of Religious Coercion Paragraphs that Illustrate W. A. SPICER " BE of my opinion," said the Em-peror Justinian one day to Pope Agap-etus, " or I will banish you to the extremities of the empire." " Does your dog love you, little boy? " said a benevolent old gentleman to a lad who was leading a dog by a string. " You're right he does, mister," replied the boy, in the terse vernacular of the.  street; ". he knows I'd give him a good kicking if he did not." Frederick the Great loved to argue, and to win in the argument. One day a tutor in the service of the court came limping out of the royal apartments with a rueful countenance, saying: " It is ill arguing with a prince that has such a big army and such thick-soled boots." Lord Melbourne, of England, believed in religion as a department of state. Therefore when a clergyman preached a sermon pointedly rebuking the use of strong language, the statesman said: No one has a more sincere respect for the church than I have, but things have come to a pretty pass when religion is allowed to invade the sphere of private life." After the last auto da fe in Lisbon, at which a Jewess, eighteen years old, was burned for heresy, a Jew wrote to the Inquisitors : " If you have this truth, hide it not from us by the manner in which you propose it. The characteristic of truth is its triumph over hearts and minds, and not that impotency which you confess when you would force us to receive it by tortures. If you were wise, you would not put us to death for no other reason than because we are unwill-ing to deceive you. If your Christ is  the Son of God, we hope he will reward us for being so unwilling to profane his mysteries." Omar, the successor of Mohammed, was preaching near Jerusalem. An aged Christian offered a mild objection to the preacher's suggestion that God tempted men to sin. Omar paused in his illu-minating address just long enough to say to an attendant: " Watch that gray-haired unbeliever over yonder, and if he interrupts again, you are to cut his head off." How infinitely above the principles of religious coercion are the principles of Christ, enunciated in the words: " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, bath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." John i2: 47, 48. Abu Sofian, taken prisoner by Omar. had declared his inability to believe that Mohammed was the prophet of Allah. Out upon thee! " cried Omar, draw-ing his sword, " testify instantly to the truth, or thy head shall be severed from thy body." Convinced, Abu Sofian ac-knowledged the argument, illustrating, as Irving says, the Moslem maxim: " To convince unbelievers, there is no argument like the sword." Simon Aleyn, vicar of Bray, in Eng-land, became famous as an expert in changing his religion to hold his position. Four times, between 1540 and 1588, he turned from Catholic to Protestant or back again, as the religion of the gov-ernment changed. Taunted with being fickle in his religious principles, he re-plied : " Not so neither ; for if I changed my religion, I am sure I kept to my prin-ciple, which is to live and die the vicar of Bray." 