88 LIBER1 Y tasy began in the church of Christ, and paganized Christian ideas supplanted the truths of the Bible, the Jews fell into disfavor with the Christianized pagans. By degrees this feeling of hatred in-creased ; and as rapidly as truth was lost sight of, the sentiment of dislike toward the Jews increased. With the growth of papal influence and prestige, the Jews were regarded as vile and contemned, and unfit to live. During the Dark Ages thousands of Hebrew people were martyred because they refused to accept the Christian re-ligion; and for their love of liberty as they understood it, they were driven from pillar to post, were racked, tor-tured, imprisoned, and massacred. Nearly every nation in Europe made laws oppressing the Jews, and scarcely a country wanted them within its bor-ders, save as rulers could use them for their own mercenary ends. It should be remembered that for cen-turies the nations of history were under the domination of the Papacy, and every act of the state against the Jews was in harmony with the wishes and at the behest of ,the church. During the Mid-dle Ages, for instance, Spain made the following laws : " If heretics are unwilling to join the Cath-olic Church, Catholic girls must not be given to them in marriage; but neither to Jews nor to heretics should they be given, because there can be no association for the faithful with the unbeliever. If parents act contrary to this prohibition, they shall be cut off from commun-ion for five years."Š Old European Jewries. " If, then, any ecclesiastic or any of the faithful partakes of food with Jews, he shall be deprived of communion, so that this may be corrected."Š Id. This law was made in Poland in the thirteenth century, against the Jew: " Since the land of Poland is a new acquisi-tion in the body of Christianity, lest perchance the Christian people be, on this account, the more easily infected with the superstition and depraved morals of the Jews dwelling among them, . . . we command that the Jews dwelling in this province . . . shall not live among the Christians, but shall have their houses near or next to one another in some sequestered part of the town."Š Id, It may be said that these laws were made more than five hundred years ago, and should therefore not have any con-sideration at the present time. But what has Poland done to the Jews the past few years? Who does not remember the boycott that was inaugurated against them just a short time ago ? Look at the thousands, yes, hundreds of thou-sands, of poor Jews who have been driven from Poland and from other parts of Russia within a few months. The same persecuting spirit exists today among many peoples in European coun-tries, and it is sad that in this liberty-loving land anti-Semitic feeling rankles in many a bosom. We are sure that the Hebrew people love liberty and equity today. The gos-pel of Christianity is the good news of liberty. The Master himself so declared, The Bible thus teaches. Let us who be-lieve in the Master manifest by our con-duct toward the millions of Abraham's seed that true Christianity is not merely a profession. May they see that the followers of the Master never have per-secuted and never can persecute. There have been many bright thinkers from Judaism who have seen the beauty of the Saviour's life; Edersheim, Neander, Mendelssohn, Friedlander, and a large number of others might be mentioned. Let us deal with the Jew from the stand-point of love, liberty, and justice. Let him see that the Christian religion is active, as demonstrated by the Master. St tV IT is not the legitimate province of the legislature to determine what reli-gion is true, or what false. Our Gov-ernment is a civil and not a religious institution. Our Constitution recognizes in every person the right to choose his own religion, and to enjoy it freely, without molestation. Whatever may be the religious sentiments of citizens, and however variant, they are alike entitled to protection from the Government, so long as they do not invade the rights of others.Š Sunday Mail Report, adopted by the United States Senate in 1829, 