PORTE DE HAL This building, still standing in Brussels, was used by the Duke of Alva as his political prison. In this building thousands paid for their faith with their lives. See article on page 6. 10 LIBERTY with the Infinite. That tunefulness is not easy to accomplish by all who are tired and hungry. Why could not reciprocal arrangement be entered into between church authorities and public-amuse-ment caterers? In this connection I may state that all Sunday amusements, if any are permitted, should be either conducted by the municipality or carefully super-vised by it. Then suppose that no one could attend a Sunday - amus e-rn e n t place with-out a ticket stamped at t h e church or Sunday-school at the close of services, certi-f ying that the bearer had a t -tended divine serv-ice of some kind. All of this pre-sumes only whole-some Sunday amusements. " I have a real sympathy for those w h o, be-cause of the dri-ving necessities of life, come to look forward to Sun- day as a day of rest pleasure. They and should attend at least one church service of some kind. This might be one way to increase church attendance and ele-vate Sunday amusements." The Proposal Unconstitutional Commenting upon this proposed ar-rangement, which, no doubt, expresses the governor's sincere desire to make the lives of the working people more cheer-ful,, the editor of the Detroit Free Press (October 27) makes the following per-tinent remarks : Š " This is not an extract from a sermon of Cotton Mather, nor an edict of the Holy Inquisition. It purports to be the utterance of a governor of the State of Michigan in the second decade of the twentieth century. Of course, before the law could compel a citizen to attend `divine service' before exercising his right to go to a show, there might have to be a change or two in the State and federal constitutions, as both those obso-lete instruments have something to say against the requirement of religious tests. But that would present no difficulty to a man like our governor. He would amend them at once, or, if not, ignore them. What's the constitution among friends, or in the way of ' reform ' ? The ridiculous old chaps who made the constitutions didn't know every-thing. Besides they have been dead these many years. Why should we of this ad-vanced generation be bound by what they thought or wrote into the law? Aren't we competent to make constitutions our-selves, or get along without them ? " That the people have come to de-spise constitutions should be evident to all, if only from the fact that we no longer make governors in this State and in many others except of men who know nothing and care nothing about consti-tutions. There are some people so ri-diculous as to maintain that constitutions are deliberate agreements entered into between majorities and minorities, wherein the former agree, under no cir-cumstances, to do certain things to the latter. Otherwise the latter would not play at all at making governments with them. Minorities are so absurd as to raise the point of honor on such subjects. In our day, however, minorities have no rights, and whatever the majority wishes must be done, even though all the rules of the game be violated." 