1.1Ł1Ł10.11.0MNNOMMŁPINIIMIN  141111Ł04.11NVOIMI.1,1t1  LIBERTY! "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25: 10. Vol.. VIII THIRD QUARTER, 1913 No. 3 The Second World's Christian Citizenship Conference W. F. MARTIN THE National Reform Association, with headquarters at Pittsburgh, Pa., has long been struggling to secure a recogni-tion of the Christian religion through legislation by the national government. It is the avowed purpose of this organ-ization to " secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's allegiance to Je-sus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and to in-dicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." Ever since 1863 this association has been endeavoring to bring this about. Time and again its leaders have gone to the national Congress and presented their amendment to the Constitution, and have argued for its adoption. Mass-meetings have been called and eloquent appeals have been made for national religion. A strong effort has been made to unite all the great churches and have them turn their influence toward secur-ing religious legislation. A spirit of intolerance has been manifested toward those who opposed this religio-political scheme. Dr. David McAllister, at one  time head of the association, said : " Those who oppose this work now will discover when the religious amendment is made to the Constitution that if they do not see fit to fall in with the majority, they must abide the consequences or seek some more congenial clime." It is not difficult to see a spirit of intolerance in this utterance. It has the flavor of the early Puritan days of our government, when the Baptists and the Quakers were whipped and banished. In 1910 a world's conference was called to meet in Philadelphia. There was such an interest manifested at this meeting that it was decided to call an-other in 1913. This gathering is to be held in Portland, Oregon, June 29 to July 6. It is claimed by its promoters that this is to be the greatest gathering of Christian forces in history. From ten to twenty thousand delegates and visitors are expected. An endeavor is being made to secure at least one speaker from every country in the world. Men and women not only of national but of in-ternational reputation are to participate in the proceedings of the conference. It is not the purpose of this article to speak of the personnel of the conference, but of its purpose. A number of leading IOI 