40,4M11.114Ł11Ł141.=1.01M...ŁŁŁ41.1.MW041../Ł..11Ł0.4.0.M..0.4.1Ł1...W0.11=1.141=1Ł04111E.O.M.0.1Ł1Ł04=M4..M.041=1,0Ł..14MErlﬂ1ﬂ.f.  I 1 1 Erligiong Kihrrtg Aggociation 1 1 I DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES / i./ of 1. We believe in God, in the Bible as the word of God, and in the separation ! church and state as taught by Jesus Christ. I 2. We believe that the ten commandments are the law of God, and that they I comprehend man's whole duty to God and man. I I 3. We believe that the religion of Jesus Christ is founded in the law of love I of God, and needs no human power to support or enforce it. Love cannot be i ! i forced. I 4. We believe in civil government as divinely ordained to protect men in the j enjoyment of their natural rights and to rule in civil things, and that in this realm ! I it is entitled to the respectful obedience of all.  5. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to I worship or not to worship, according to the dictates of his own conscience, provided I that in the exercise of this right he respects the equal rights of others. 6. We believe that all religious legislation tends to unite church and state, is j subversive of human rights, persecuting in character, and opposed to the best inter- I ests of both church and state. I / 7. We believe, therefore, that it is not within the province of civil government I IiI to legislate on religious questions. / i8. We believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to pre- / vent religious legislation, and oppose all movements tending to unite church and i Istate, that all may enjoy the inestimable blessings of civil and religious liberty. g. We believe in the inalienable and constitutional right of free speech, free i press, peaceable assembly, and petition. / to. We also believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to ! isociety. I 1 For further information regarding the principles of this association, address the i Religious Liberty Association, Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. (secreta6r, C. S. i ! Longacre), or any of the affiliated organizations given below: Š i AFFILIATED ORGANIZATIONS i Atlantic Religious Liberty Association (affil- North Pacific Religious Liberty Association (af- iated  ia organizations in Maine, Vermont, Massachu- filiated organizations in Oregon, Washington, Ida- setts, New Hampshire, New York. Connecticut, ho, Montana, and Alaska): Office, College Place, and Rhode Island) : Office, South Lancaster, Mass.; Wash. ; secretary, H. W. Cottrell, 505 E. Everett 1 secretary, K. C. Russell. St., Portland, Oregon. S  Canadian Religious Liberty Association (affil- iated organizations in New Brunswick, Nova Sco-Pacific Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in California, Nevada, Utah, and 1 Itia, Quebec, Ontario, and Newfoundland) : Office, Arizona) : Secretary, W. F. Martin', Santa Ana, Port Hope, Ontario; secretary, M. N. Campbell. Cal. I Central States Religious Liberty Association (af- Southeastern Religious Liberty. Association (af- 1 filiated organizations in Florida. Georgia, North filiated organizations in Kansas, Nebraska, Mis- Carolina, and South Carolina) : Office, 169 Bryan 1 souri, Colorado, and Wyoming) : Office, College St., Atlanta, Ga.; secretary, Carlyle B. Haynes. I View, Nebr.; secretary, R. A. Underwood. Southern Religious Liberty Association (affil- 1 Columbia Religious Liberty Association (affil- fated organizations in Alabama, Kentucky, Ten- 1 iated organizations in Pennsylvania, Ohio, New nessee, Louisiana. and Mississippi) : Office, 2123 !Jersey, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware, and 24th Ave. N., Nashville, Tenn.; secretary, L. A. Maryland) : Office, Takoma Park, D. C.; secretary, Smith. 1 B. G. Wilkinson. / Southwestern Religious Liberty Association (af- 1 Lake Religious Liberty Association (affiliated filiated organizations in Arkansas, Oklahoma, i organizations in Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, and Texas, and New Mexico) : Office, Keene, Tex. ; Wisconsin) : Office, 3145 Lyndale St., Chicago, Ill.; secretary, J. W. Christian. secretary, L. H. Christian. FOREIGN OFFICES  INorthern Religious Liberty Association (affil- iated organizations in Minnesota, Iowa, North Australia: Office, Mizpah, Wahroonga, N. S. W., i j Dakota, and South Dakota) : Office, 2713 Third Australia; secretary, G. Teasdale. Ave. South, Minneapolis, Minn.; secretary, Chas. Great Britain: Office, Stanborough Park, Wat- I / Thompson. ford, Herts, England ; secretary, W. T. Bartlett. 1 