70  LIBERTY does not prohibit ordinary labor on Sun-day. " 2. Constitutional Law.Ñ Due proc-ess of law Ñ laws df unequal operation. A barber is deprived of property with-out due process of law by a statute mak-ing it unlawful for him to do business on Sunday, where it does not apply to any other class of business. " 3. Same.Ñ Police power does not justify class legislation. The police power does not justify a statute making it unlawful for barbers to do business on Sunday, without including any other class of business. Wilkin J. dissent-ing." " Writ of error to  t h e criminal court of Cook County ; the Hon. John Gibbons, judge, presiding." " This was a prosecution begun before a justice of the peace in the city of Chicago, under what is known as the Cody law,' which prohibits, under penalty, the keeping open of any barber shop on Sunday. " An appeal was taken from the judg-ment of the justice of the peace convict- ing and fining the defendant. In the criminal court of Cook County the case was on appeal, tried de novo before Hon. John Gibbons, without a jury. In de- ciding the case the trial judge, after dis-cussing extensively the statute and hold- ing  it to be unconstitutional, said : While I am irresistibly led to the con-clusion that the law in question is void, I am, notwithstanding, anxious that the question should be decided, and finally settled, by the supreme court ; and as the defendant may, and the State cannot, ap- peal, the judgment of the court is that William S. Eden be fined the sum of twenty-five dollars and costs, and that judgment be and the same is entered ac-cordingly.' From that judgment the present appeal is prosecuted."  " Writ of Error to the Supreme Court Burnham and Baldwin, for plaintiff in error, presented the following writ : Ñ" Neither the common law nor any general statute of the State of Illinois prohibits the pursuit of one's ordinary labor, business, or calling, in a quiet manner, on Sunday.' " The attorneys then cited six different cases where the supreme courts had so held in previous decisions on this point. and then continued as follows: Ñ " Any legislation which is not general in its scope, and which affects only one class or body of citizens, is in conflict with the spirit of this gov-ernment and with constitutions of the United States and of this State." T h e attorneys then cited twenty different cases where the supreme courts so ruled in previous decisions on this point of law, and then continued as follows : Ñ " Where the ostensible object of an enactment is to secure the public com-fort, welfare, or safety, it must appear to be adapted to that end. It cannot in-vade the rights of persons and property under the guise of a police regulation when it is not such in fact." The attorneys then cited seven cases where the supreme courts had so ruled previously on this point in law. The previous court decisions cited by the at-torneys of Illinois were taken from the concurrent decisions of the United States Supreme Court and other State supreme courts, besides Illinois. M. T. Moloney, attorney-general of the State of Illinois, and five other attorneys then cited opposite decisions, where courts had ruled in favor of Sunday legislation and legislation that was not general in character. The supreme court then summed tip Making it a misdemeanor to keep open and conduct a barber shop, or to work as a barber, on Sundays and other holidays, is an undue re-  ¥ straint of personal liberty, and is special legislation, based upon an arbitrary classification, and not a proper exercise of the police power, and is unconstitutional and void.ÑDecision of Supreme Court of Cali-fornia, April 17, 1896. 04004000004484000044000400044 