52 LIBERTY etc. According to the report of the Jamestown Daily Alert of January i6, Judge Robinson replied to the clergyman as follows : Š "Rev. William Gaines, Jamestown, N. Dak. " DEAR SIR: I have yours concerning the Sunday blue law, which I hold to be no law at all. It is clearly contrary to the Consti-tution and the first principles of natural right and justice. It is a remnant of religious or clerical bigotry and intolerance, for which the clergy and lawyers are in a way responsible. " According to the pretended law, it is a sin and a crime for a person on the first day of the week to buy or sell fruit, candy, cigars, newspapers, or magazines; or to go to inno-cent places of amusement. On one side of the meridian line the doing of a thing is a sin and a crime, and on the other side of the line it is neither sin nor crime. By our great-est jurists, such laws have been denounced, and yet held valid. . . . " I care little for my office, only so far as it puts me in a position to maintain the right and to denounce the wrong. I hope the people did not elect me, by a great majority, to come here and act the part of a coward or a dummy. And now, sir, let me ask you a few ques-tions: Š " Do you know that God made the heavens and the earth, and rested only when his work was done; and that the time for a man to rest is when he has done his work, or when he is tired? " Do you know there is a class of men who never earn their bread by the sweat of their brow ; who never do an honest day's work, and who live on the labor of others; and for that reason they grow narrow-minded and illiberal? " Do you know that under the constitution of the State every man has a right to live and prosper and to pursue and obtain safety and happiness? " Do you know that the Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath, and that it is lawful to do good, and to pull an ox or an ass out of a ditch, and to pass the contribution box, on the Sabbath day? " Do you know that the intolerance and standpattism of those who live on the labor of others has been the great curse of human-ity; that it has made countless thousands mourn; and that it is all contrary to the humane teachings of the One who is Lord even of the Sabbath day? " [ Signed] JAMEs E. ROBINSON, "Justice of Supreme Court." The North Dakota Enforcement League The North Dakota Enforcement League showed its hand when it learned  that this Sunday law crusade was bring-ing discredit upon the movement, and was developing an opposition movement which threatens to repeal all the Sunday laws of North Dakota during the present session of the legislature. This Enforce-ment League is composed of " one thou-sand ministers and churches," and it is-sued a statement or threat that if the Sunday laws were repealed " by the farmer legislators," it would " turn one thousand ministers and churches and the moral forces of the State against them." Religious Boycott The facts developed in this Sunday law crusade show clearly that the whole movement is a religious propaganda con-cerning a religious institution, which threatens not only the highest court of the State, but the highest lawmaking body with a political boycott, if its religious pet is eliminated from the statutes of the State. What more evidence is needed to prove that Sunday laws are religious legislation ? Lincoln said that you can fool some people all the time, and all the people some of the time, but you can-not fool all the people all of the time. 'Tis even so. c. s. L. 1 A Confession of Weakness MADAME DE STAEL was correct when she declared that the liberty of thought that characterizes the last days of an absolutism is evidence, not of tolerance, but of weakness. In nothing was this weakness more apparent than in the attempts made to limit the freedom of the press. Few works of any impor-tance failed to bring their authors into trouble. "An author or a bookseller was forced to be as careful as a kidnaper of coolies or the captain of a slaver would be in our own time. He had to steer clear of the court, of the parliament, of Jansen-ists, of Jesuits, of the mistresses of the king and the minister, of the friends of the mistresses, and above all, of that or-ganized hierarchy of ignorance and op- 