LIBERTY 31 There is living at the present time in a little town in Virginia, a man and his wife who were born in Russia, and were brought up members of the Greek Cath-olic Church. After they were married and one child had been born to them, they secured a copy of the Bible. As they read it and became acquainted with its teachings. they were convinced that  around as the finger, gave him one hun-dred strokes on the soles of his bare feet and the calves of his legs. Then seizing him by the beard, they jerked him upon his feet, and said, " Now will you re-cant? " The Lord gave him strength, and he answered, " No." They again threw him down and repeated the opera-tion. He still retained sufficient strength Cop,riGt dcrwood & Underwood, New Y ork PART OF THE CREW OF THE GERMAN CRU ISER a  EMDEN the church to which they belonged was not living in harmony with the precepts of the Scripture. They therefore with-drew from the Greek Catholic Church. The priest ordered them to appear be-fore him, and commanded them to re-cant, but he was unable to show them from the Scriptures the error of their way. They refused to be influenced by either his commands or his threats. Shortly after this, he sent five men to their home to persecute them until they should recant. The man was seized and thrown on the floor, and while three of the men sat upon him, the other two men, with strong sticks about as large  to assure them that he would not recant. They again threw him on the floor, and whipped him into insensibility. Not sat-isfied with that, they took his wife and gave her also two hundred strokes. The result of this punishment put them both in bed, she for two weeks, and he for six weeks, and the only one to wait upon them was their little child, then four years ol(1. A few months later the priest sent other men to persecute them, and told these men that if this man and woman would not recant, they should bring the husband and father to the cathedral. After they had taken him to the cathe- 