74 LIBERTY 'rections of the present rules, the basic principle is still violated. The wearing of the garb itself in the school does promote the cause of whatever church it repre-sents. This is the effect on the Indian. And to the casual visitor the school must appear as one conducted by a religious order; he would have no reason to think he was in an institution conducted by the United States. Since I am unable to see how this government can countenance such a use of its agencies, the order for-bidding the garb and insignia in the schools was to my mind a necessary sup-plement to ex- isting regula- tions. Such, too, is the position ta-ken by State legislation. I n New York the State superin-tendent of pub- lic instruction issued in 1903 a ruling in which he declared that the wearing of an unusual dress or garb, worn exclu-sively by mem-bers of a relig- IION. ious denomina- tion for the purpose of indicating membership in that denomination, by teachers in the public schools during school hours while teach-ing therein, constitutes a sectarian influ-ence and the teaching of a denomina-tional tenet or doctrine which ought not to be persisted in. The ruling required teachers to discontinue the wearing of such garb while on duty, and for failure to comply with this required their dis-missal. The validity of this ruling hav-ing been questioned by members of the Order of the Sisterhood of St. Joseph, it  was upheld by a unanimous judgment of the court of appeals. In the opinion, after citing the constitutional provision prohibiting denominational influence in the public schools, the court said : Š " Here we have the plainest possible declaration of the public policy of the State as opposed to the prevalence of sectarian influences in the public schools. The regulation established by the State superintendent of public instruction through the agency of his order . . . i s i n accord with the public policy thus evi-denced by the fundamen-tal law. There can be little doubt that the 'effect of the cos-tume worn by these Sisters of St. Joseph at all times in t h e presence of their pupils would be to in-spire respect if n o t sympathy for the religious denomination to which they so manifestly be-long. To this extent the influ-ence was secta-rian, even if it did not amount to the teaching of denominational doc-trine."Š O'Connor vs. Hendrick, 184 N. Y., 421, 428. And in Pennsylvania the act of June 27, 1895, declared : Š " That no teacher in any public school of this commonwealth shall wear in said school or whilst engaged in the perform- ance of his or her duty as such teacher any dress, mark, emblem, or insignia in- dicating the fact that such teacher is a member of or adherent of any religious order, sect, or denomination." ROBERT G. VALENTINE, COMMISSIONER OF INDIAN AFFAIRS 