LIBER7 39 religious convictions, and makes a law so narrow as to encourage shriveled-souled bigots in feeling themselves disturbed at the sight of a neighbor working in his field on any certain day of the week, it goes far beyond the remotest bounds of " police power," and flagrantly violates the consti-tutional guaranty of religious liberty. Any law that punishes a human being, who rests on any certain day of the week, because he does not rest on any certain other day, or which encourages a narrow-minded bigot in feeling himself disturbed by the sight of another following his usual vocation on any certain day of the week, is a religious law in every sense and pur-pose, and is clearly and unquestionably within the Constitutional inhibition; and, I believe, that no court, with this phase of the question presented, has ever upheld such a law. If health and the promotion of the public welfare, may be held to authorize interfer-ence with personal liberty, to the extent of requiring a citizen to rest one day in seven, at this point it must be met by the Con-stitutional guaranty of religious liberty which will prevent Congress from trampling upon conscience and religious convictions by fixing a certain day for that rest. If it is simply a question of the individ-ual's health, the Bible Sabbath, or " the venerable day of the sun " as adopted from paganism, or the Mohammedan day, or any other day that the individual chooses to adopt, will fully answer the requirement ; and, if it is a question of religion by force, the Constitution forbids it. A Sermon to Preachers More Gospel and Less Reform Needed, Says a Judge of Kansas City THE first opportunity that Judge John F. Philips has to tell the preachers they preach too much about politics, Sunday closing; and affairs that concern the civil administration of the State and nation, he is going to do it. Judge Philips is a Presbyterian, and so is Judge Wallace; but they do not hold the same ideas about Sunday closing. This thing of trying to force men to observe Sunday. instead of preaching to them the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ that will make them good. is radically wrong." Judge Philips said. " The complaint is that too few people attend church. No wonder ! People go to church to hear of the beauties of the relig-ion of the Lord Jesus Christ and to wor-ship God, not to hear the preachers talk about what they see in the papers, about the things that are at fault in the business world, about politics, and about various other things that a man struggles and wrestles with all during the week, and longs to get away from on Sunday. " The preacher is not expected to take up every reform issue that comes along in the administration of civil affairs. We have too many reformers these days any-way, who are struggling to advance them-selves rather than the interest of the peo-ple. We have too many people trying to make the success in the reform business that Joseph W. Folk and some others made. " The very minute preachers begin dab-bling in politics and the administration of civil affairs, and passing resolutions about things separate and distinct from the affairs of the church, they forsake their calling as preachers of the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ, and arouse prejudice and hatred in the hearts of men over questions which should be kept separate from the church." Š Kansas City Star. Ł Notes on the Decalogue TIlE fundamental idea of the decalogue is the decision in human history of the truth that God is the only deliverer of man. The decalogue is essentially Messianic. Its actual and only possible fulfilment is in Christ. . . . The decalogue was designed to be an independent and complete spiritual code, the basis of all the legislation of the new commonwealth. . . . Consider now that the first five com-.mandments express God's relations with man, emphasizing man's duties toward God. The first commandment declares the reality of God's being, .and man's obliga-tion to recognize him as the only true God. It is the divine protest against the very existence of all false gods. The second commandment relates to the worship of the true God by forbidding polytheism Š sensual worship of any kind. And the reason annexed sets forth the per-sonal nearness, the holiness and the love of God, in contrast between his just pun-ishment of sin and his mercy and love. 