THE REAL BLACK HAND. LIBERTY  43 So that, when the courts say that the saloon may be entirely prohibited, they thereby affirm that, by reason of its in- herent character, the saloon always and everywhere is dangerous and injurious to the public Ñ that, under all condi-tions, it is a public menace, a public wrong. . Then, the inquiring mind naturally is inclined to ask, can that which is univer-sally conceded to be. and generally judi-cially declared to be. a public wrong le-gally be a private right? Is such a thing lawful? If so, there is such a thing as a lawful public wrong and in-jury. Certainly such a conclusion is not a logical deduction. If it is not lawful, then the next question is. Can the legislature. by an enactment. make a public wrong a private right? Can a citizen lawfully establish a private trade in a public in-jury? Ñ Certainly not. Can a state legislature authorize the establishment of a trade in a public menace or danger? Ñ No, because to do so, would authorize an invasion of both the private and public rights of citizens. No court has ever, in so many words, said that this may be legally done; they have always asserted the contrary in di-rect statements; but, when they place an estimate upon the saloon that makes of it a public menace inherently, and then say that it is a lawful business, they, by in-direction, reverse the direct statement. Courts have upheld and sustained the validity of prohibitory, local option, and remonstrance statutes, and always on the ground that the saloon is inherently dan-gerous to public morals and public order,  and, in doing so, they affirm that they judicially know such to be the inherent character of the saloon; they do not re-quire the fact to be charged and proved. Dealing with the right to arbitrarily exclude a saloon from a township in In- diana, and affirming the right to so do upon the ground that the business is at- tended with danger to the community, the supreme court of Indiana, quoting from Sherlock vs. Stuart, 96 Mich. 193, and Crowley vs. Christenson, 137 U. S. 86, says: " No one possesses an in-alienable or consti-tutional right to keep a saloon for the sale of intoxicating liq-uor; to keep a sa-loon for the sale of intoxicating liquor is not a natural right to pursue an ordi-nary calling; there is no inherent right in a citizen to thus sell intoxicating liq-uor by retail; it is not a privilege of a citizen of the state or of the United States." This state-ment, analyzed and segregated, declares that to keep a sa- loon for the sale of intoxicating liquor is not : Ñ 1. A constitutional right. 2. An inalienable right. 3. An inherent right. 4. A natural right to pursue an ordi-nary calling. 5. A privilege of a citizen of the state. 6. A privilege of a citizen of the United States. If it be a right at all, it is certainly of some other kind, and springs from some other source. This proposition is surely axiomatic; it proves itself. When the courts deny to the saloon these rights, and affirm that it may be wholly prohib- 