26 LIBERTY wedlock is reestablished by the modern religious law. The state enacts the law because the church bids it do so. The state does the bidding of the church, and the church has begun to manipulate the state. In enacting such a law, the state as-sumes to settle a religious controversy. Particularly is this so with the Sunday law. Sunday is not the Sabbath, for the commandment of Ex. 20 : 8- I I says : The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." The seventh clay is Saturday. The Catholic Church has ex-alted Sunday observance from the days of Constantine's first Sunday law to the present. For centuries it has looked upon true Sabbath keeping with disfavor, stigmatizing Saturday observance as " Judaizing." From its catechisms it has expunged that portion of Jehovah's com-mandment requiring seventh-day observ-ance, and exhorts instead that its mem-bers keep Sunday holy. A nation-wide movement is now on foot to amend the United States Consti-tution so as to make Sunday laws pos-sible. The plan is to force upon the public, with the aid of policemen, sheriffs, prosecutors, and judges, the " moral laws of the Christian religion." In this Con-stitution, which has been a bulwark to American liberty, it is planned to " place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our government on an unde-niably legal basis." Let the demon-in-spired Massacre of St. Bartholomew tell us what this will mean. Religious trusts which are seeking the enactment of religious laws are a menace to the people of the United States, of all religious persuasions. It ought to be easy to see that if one religious law is right, all religious laws are right. If the state has the right to settle one reli-gious question, it has the same right to settle all religious questions. As soon as the floodgates of religious legislation are thrown open, the only remaining question is, " Whose religious dogmas shall be made law ? " Naturally, those of the church having the greatest voting  strength Š the greatest numbers, if you please. But no church member desires to sub-mit against his choice to the dogmas of another church. No Catholic wants to be compelled by law to be immersed. Nor should he be. No Protestant de-sires to be forced by the policeman to bow in adoration before the image of the Virgin. It is a religious act, a matter of the conscience, a question between the individual and his God. In such matters. which do not tend to injure other individ-uals, the state has no right to interfere, for it exists to protect society, not to oppress it. When the government makes laws concerning worship, it assumes the place of God to its subjects. Let the awful tortures of the Dark Ages testify to the evil of such a course. Let the horrors of the Spanish Inquisition protest in thun-der tones against church-dominated statecraft. Let Russia's history of in-tolerance arouse us with its trumpetings to resist any encroachment upon our lib-erties. Our forefathers spilled their blood for them. They are as precious as life. Let us not yield to the siren voice which would deprive us of them. Let us have no Sunday laws, no state-governed religion, and no church-gov-erned state. Glendale, Cal. LIBERTY 1S one of the choicest gifts that Heaven bestowed upon man, and ex-ceeds in value all the treasures which the earth contains within its bosom, or the sea covers. Liberty, as well as honor, man ought to preserve at the hazard of his life ; for without it life is insupport-able.Š Cervantes. ROBESPIERRE defined liberty thus : " Liberty is the power which of right belongs to every man to use all his facul-ties as he may choose. Its rule is justice ; its limits are the rights of others; its principles are drawn from nature itself ; its protector is the law." 