14 LIBERTY Spires, in 1529, the united voice of reform declared against the intrusion of the civil power in religious affairs. So long as the reformers stood by this principle, there was the power of true reformation in their work. When they compromised,Š for they were like men emerging from a darkened cham-ber,Š they lost their power, and the cause of reform and of liberty suffered. As D'Aubigne says:Š "The gospel of the reformers had noth-ing to do with the world and with politics. When John Knox and his fellow Calvin-istic reformers of Scotland argued that it was lawful to punish dissenters even to the death, an old Baptist writer answered their arguments and threats in these telling words : Š " Afore they came to authority, they were of another judgment, and did both say and write that no man ought to be per-secuted for his conscience' sake; but now they are not only become persecutors, but also they have given, as far as lieth in COUNCIL HALL AT WORMS WHERE LUTHER ANSWERED FOR HIS FAITH . . . If the Reformation, having attained a certain point, became untrue to its nature, began to parley and temporize with the world, and ceased thus to follow up the spiritual principle that it had so loudly pro-claimed, it was faithless to God and to itself." The reformers of Germany and Switzer-land, of England and Scotland, did not lead the way straight on to freedom of con-science. The moment they sought help from civil legislation to advance their cause, they repeated the very mistakes of their Catholic persecutors. Baptists met the brunt of the persecution by professed Prot-estants in Germany and Switzerland. Henceforward they became the foremost apostles of the principles of religious lib-erty which had been the strength of the Reformation.  them, the sword into the hand of bloody tyrants. Be these, I pray you, the sheep whom Christ sent forth in the midst of wolves? Can the sheep persecute the wolf? Doth Abel kill Cain ? Shortly, doth he which is born of the Spirit kill him which is born after the flesh ? " It mattered not whether it was Catholic or Protestant, priest or presbyter, every resort to civil legislation to secure the ob-servance of any religious institution meant cruel persecution. Clearest-eyed of all among rulers in those times was William of Orange, governor of the Netherlands. As a Catholic he had refused to help the Inquisition, and now as a convert to the reformed faith he re-fused to allow intolerant reformers to per-secute their fellows. " Liberty of nation and conscience " was his watchword. 