LIBERTY 173 sister States, has extended to all alike the liberty of conscience and religious practise that should be inalienable. But Arizona, now, just recently admitted to the honor of Statehood, has taken a firm stand beside the Golden State, for the preservation of human rights ; and in these two States, Jew and Gentile, Catholic and Protestant, Christian and heathen, black and white, stand in the same relation to the state. Nor is it in-tended now that the liberties of the peo-ple shall be bartered away to those who are aflame with the idea of forcing the  acceptance of their religious dogmas by the aid of the civil power. And in this determined stand for the upholding of civil and religious liberty, these stalwart champions are true to the principles of our national government, as expressed long ago, and to that commandment of divine origin, as well, inscribed on the old Liberty Bell, which heralded the birth of this republic at Philadelphia, July 4, 1776: "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto allŁthe inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25 : 10. Los Angeles, Cal. tv of of Rome and the Prohibition Party Platform A Shameful Surrender of American Protestant Principles A. J. SAXBY BOURDEAU THE National Prohibition Convention was held at Atlantic City, N. J., July 10-12, 1912. Two features of this con-vention are of special interest to lovers of religious liberty : (1) The rejection by the platform committee and the conven-tion of a plank advocating the perpetual separation of church and state, and (2) the elimination of a plank advocating Sabbath legislation. The last-named plank as finally adopted reads as fol-lows : " 15. The protection of one day in seven as a day of rest." Dr. Swallow's Rejected Plank In harmony with the traditions and previous platforms of the party, the ven-erable Dr. Silas C. Swallow, of Penn-sylvania, the Prohibition nominee for president in 1904, endeavored to have incorporated into the party platform a plank described thus in his letter to the writer, dated Aug. 17, 1912:Š "Mr. A. J. S. Bourdeau, "Washington, D. C. " MY DEAR SIR : In answer to your inquiry will say that after the adoption of the platform of the Prohibition party at Atlantic City, on the eleventh of July, I presented an additional plank favoring the exclusion of sectarian garb.  worn by teachers of our public schools, also stat- ing that ' we are opposed to the appro-priation of public moneys to, sectarian churches and schools,' and, further, that ' we demand that the separation of church and state be perpetual.' " As far back as 1869 the National Pro-hibition party incorporated in the very first plank of its platform a declaration on religious liberty fully as strong as the one introduced at Atlantic City by Dr. Swallow. It read as follows : Š " 1. That while we acknowledge the true patriotism and profound statesman-ship of those patriots who laid the foun-dations of this government, securing at once the rights of the States severally, and their inseparable union by the fed-eral Constitution, we would not merely garnish the sepulchers of our republican fathers, but we do hereby renew our solemn pledges of fealty to the imperish-able principles of civil and religious lib-erty embodied in the Declaration of American Independence and our federal Constitution." In the Prohibition platform of 1876 appeared still stronger statements di-rected against the union of church and state. The very first words of the re-port of the platform committee read thus : Š 