42 LIBERTY Glares the church to be but " a product of human nature," " founded in human needs," shaping for itself its forms of expression, and adopting its own " rules of action." That would eliminate God from the whole institution, and make religion noth-ing more than a philosophy. The human system yearns for something, and the human brain devises something to fill the want. Just so the evolutionist teaches that the monkey needed a tail to swing by, and a tail grew, or that the bird's long-cherished desire to launch itself into the air resulted in the growth of wings to do it with. The one eliminates the Creator and the creative idea from all we see about us, and the other eliminates God and revelation from religion. The one is as true as the other Š and as false. The church is not a human invention. Said our Lord : " Upon this rock I will build my church ; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." The church is of divine origin, the body of which Jesus Christ is the head. The church is the instrumentality through which Christ the Lord operates in proclaiming to the world that gospel which is designed to reconcile men to God. It is of the essence of evolution and the Higher Criticism to deny any fall of man, and therefore any need of a work of redemption. The logical result of that denial is to discount and discard the Book of God, which is filled with the as-sertion of both those facts. When the Book of God goes out of the cosmogony of the Higher Critic, the God of the Book goes with it, and chaos reigns. What they who have gone through that expe-rience call religion is of course of human origin. It is not the religion of the Bible, of heaven, of God. It is all there is left when the Bible, heaven, and God are cast out of religion. What it is, in reality, has never yet been named. It has nothing in it that can save men from sin Š it does not profess to have. It knows nothing of salvation, and only guesses at what the future holds for man. As for its having any message from God for any age, it is not even sure that there is any God. This is what the evolutionist and the  Higher Critic and many a high-salaried preacher are offering the world to-day in the place of the verities of God's Holy Word. We are not ready to make the exchange. The old Book stands. Its messages thrill the soul now with a divine uplift as they did in the day of Paul and Peter and Isaiah and Elijah and Moses. In the words of Daniel we read the his-tory of the world written centuries be-fore the actors came upon the stage; and in the words of Joel and Amos and John the Revelator we read prophetic history fulfilled, fulfilling, and soon to be ful-filled. In the words of Jesus, spoken as " never man spake," humanity is drawn out of itself, lifted into the very light of God, and set upon a higher and better way, whose goal is heaven. No, indeed! the church is not the prod-uct of human nature ; the rules set for the church's guidance are not shaped by hu-man desires and purposes. The church does depend upon the character of its members and its ministers, and it does this as no other institution on earth needs to do. One of the last and most solemn assurances of the Book of God upon this point is this : Š " He that is unrighteous, let him do unrighteousness still: and he that is filthy, let him be made filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him do righteousness still: and he that is holy, let him be made holy still. Behold, I come quickly ; and my reward is with me, to render to each man according as his work is." Rev. 22: II, 12. When the time comes for that decree to go forth, it will be found that char-acter counts both in the ministry and in the laity. They who have it will look up and say: " Lo, this is our God; we have waited for him, and he will save us." Isa. 25: 9. Those who have it not will hide " themselves in the caves and in the rocks of the mountains," and will " say to the mountains and to the rocks, Fall on us, and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb: for the great day of their wrath is come ; and who is able to stand?" Rev. 6 : 16, 17. The divine 