132 LIBERTY More than that, the force which uses the boycott in that manner is a world com-bination of religious forces, and there is no expressed limitation of its activities. We read concerning it:Š " And he [" another beast," verse i I] had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed." Rev. 13: 15. It exercises its power upon " as many as would not worship," and there is no indication that its activities are restricted to any nation or locality. That power compels men to worship, and no power but a religious one would compel wor-ship. This power compels it with the boycott and under threat of death. This power is not a national power, but an international one; for we read in the twelfth verse of the same chapter: Š " He exerciseth all the power of the lirst beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed." The expression " the earth and them which dwell therein " shows plainly that this power is an international power. But it will be noted that this power " ex-erciseth all the power of the first beast." How extensive was the power of that " first beast "? The Word of God an-swers :Š " It was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them: and power was given him over all kin-dreds, and tongues, and nations. And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world." Rev. 13: 7, 8. That power of which the prophet speaks was a universal power, claiming and seeking to exercise dominion over all the world in the realm of religion. It made war upon the saints and destroyed them. In destroying the " saints " of  God, it was lighting against God while still professing to he doing and enforcing the will of God. The terror which. its power and its cruelties would inspire would cause all that dwell upon the earth," save those whose names are in-scribed in the Lamb's book of life, to worship it. But that power, the Word of God calls " the beast." That other " beast," of which the same chapter treats, and which is a combina-tion of religious forces, whose object also is compulsion in religion, "exerciseth [verse 12] all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them that dwell therein to worship the first beast." History repeats itself, and God's Word foretells the repetition. Another power is to arise in the world that will claim jurisdiction over men in religious things. It will be oppressive ; it will compel the performance of religious acts under threat of penalty, as (lid that other universal religious power. And, furthermore, it has already come into ex-istence, and is even now shaping its forces into a mighty army. This other power, whose object is the enforcement of religious practites upon the people, and which goes as far as the other power did to compel men to wor-ship in harmony with its dictates, is to use the method of the boycott to carry out its purposes. " That no man might buy or sell," reads the inspired proph-ecy; and that same inspired prophecy links the boycott with the wicked and tyrannical purpose of an intolerant reli-gious confederation, which is to do its work in the last days of this world's history. That confederacy is now forming, and from the eastern to the western shores of this country we now hear the de-mands of religious leaders for the use of the boycott to enforce their desires. It began over the closing of the Chicago exposition on Sunday, when religious 