Supreme Court of Tennessee Reverses Decision of Court of Appeals, Thus Legalizing Sunday Baseball IN the case of " The State of Tennessee vs. Nashville Baseball Association " the su-preme court, on April 12, legalized Sun-day baseball playing, reversing the decision of the court of civil appeals. The case was in-stituted to enjoin the defendant, Nashville Base-ball Association, from playing baseball on Sun-day, and to have its charter forfeited because of its previous unlawful acts. The circuit judge dismissed the petition, the court of civil appeals sustained the petition, and rendered an injunc-tion against the defendant, prohibiting Sunday games. The supreme court sustained the cir-cuit court and dismissed the ease. Justice Collin P. McKinney, of the supreme court, read the opinion which is in part as fol-lows: " The case is before us by petition for writ of certiorari. The court of civil appeals held that it was unlawful to play baseball in Ten-nessee on Sunday, and based its holding on Chapter 47, Section 1, of the Acts of 1803, Sec-tion 3029 of Shannon's Code, which is as fol-lows: " ' If any merchant, artificer, tradesman, farmer, or other person shall be guilty of doing or exercising any of the common avocations of life, or of causing or permitting the same to be done by his children or servants, acts of real necessity or charity excepted, on Sunday, he shall, on due conviction thereof before any jus-tice of the peace of the county, forfeit three dollars, one half to the person who will sue for the same, the other half for the use of the county.' " It, therefore, becomes necessary for us to construe this statute with a view of determining whether the same applies to playing baseball. " In 7 Corpus Juris, page 932, note 52 (a), the origin of baseball is thus stated: " ' In a prosecution for playing baseball on Sunday, brought under a statute providing that persons convicted of horse racing, cock-fighting, or playing cards or any game of any kind on Sunday should be guilty of a misde-meanor, one of the reasons suggested for hold-ing that the statute was not to include baseball was that when the statute was adopted the game was unknown. In referring to this suggestion the court said: "Until very recently there has been more or less controversy as to the early history and origin of baseball, some contending that it is only a modified form of the English game of rounders. In order to settle the dis-pute a special baseball commission was ap-pointed, consisting of a number of eminent men. Their report was published in 1907, and the commission, after full investigation, unani-mously decided that baseball is distinctly an 70  American game; that it originated in Coopers-town, New York, in 1839, and that the first scheme for playing it was the invention of General Abner Doubleday, who afterward grad-uated from West Point and achieved honorable distinction in the Civil War. The rules of the game as first published by the Knickerbocker Club of New York in 1845 differ only in a few minor details from those of the modern game. Baseball was first played by regular clubs in 1845, and while it had begun to attract atten-tion in the fifties it did not become a common form of sport or exercise and was not generally played until 1865. The first professional club was organized for playing it in 1868." ' State vs. Prather, 79 Kan., 513, 131 Am. St. Rep., 339. " So that, it appears that at the time of the passage of the act in question, the game of baseball had not been invented and was un-known, and hence the legislature could not possibly have had such a game in mind at the time it passed said act. "'Intention is the cardinal rule in the con-struction of statutes.'Š Encyclopedic Digest, Vol. XI, 529, where many cases are cited. " It is a settled rule that penal statutes are to be construed strictly, and are not to be ex-tended beyond the plain letter of the law.' Š McCreary vs. First National Bank, 109 Tenn., 128. "Now, what was the legislative intent in the passage of this statutes The statute says, ' If any merchant, artificer, tradesman, farmer, or other person shall be guilty of doing or exer-cising any of the common avocations of life.' . . . If you undertake to extend the statute to the many avocations that have since come into vogue, and which the legislature could not have had in mind, you are confronted with very se-rious problems, the result being that a very large number of our industrial and pleasurable operators are persistent violators of the statute. The thousands of men engaged in operating our railroads, traction companies, taxicabs, publishers of Sunday newspapers, the boys who vend these papers, bootblacks, musicians, whose avocations as members of a band, play in our city parks on Sunday afternoon for the enter-tainment of the large number of people who frequent such places for fresh air and sunshine, and even the professional musician, who sings as an avocation, and who hires himself to one of our church choirs and sings in church Sun-day after Sunday, all of these are violators of the statute, and many other examples could be cited. " So that, when you undertake to give this statute a broader meaning than was intended by its framers and than a strict construction entitles it to, you are making law violators out of many of our citizens, and they are innocent 