LIBERTY 27 First. The Constitution of the United States declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of re-ligion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." That Sunday legislation is for bidden under this act is shown by the rec-ords of Congress from 1808 to 1830. The question came to the front under an act of April 3o, 181o, establishing the Postal Department and requiring the opening of post-offices and the transmission of mail on every day in the week. Remonstrances and petitions followed the enactment of this law. Postmaster-General Gideon Granger, Jan. 30; 1811, reported that he had sent the following instructions to post- masters: Š " At post-offices where the mail arrives on Sunday, the office is to be kept open for the delivery of letters, etc., for one hour after arrival and sorting of the mail; Łbut in case that would interfere with the hours of public worship, then the office is to be kept open for one hour after the usual time of dissolving the meetings, for that pur-pose." He also reported that an officer had been prosecuted in Pennsylvania for refusing to deliver a letter on Sunday not called for within the time prescribed, and said he doubted whether mail could be legally re-fused to any citizen at any reasonable hour on any day of the week. (" American State papers," Vol. XV, page 45.) Reports, discussions, and petitions con-cerning Sunday mails crowd the annals of Congress from 1811 to 1830. Mr. Rhea, chairman of the committee on post-offices, reported adversely concerning efforts to secure a change in the law requiring Sun-day opening on Jan. 3, 1812; June 15, 1812, and Jan. 20, 1815. Postmaster-General Granger made adverse report Jan. 16, 1815, saying:Š " The usage of transporting the mails on the Sabbath is coeval with the Constitu-tion of the United States." Jan. 27, 1815, Mr. Daggett made an ad-verse report, that was considered by the House in committee of the whole Feb. 1o, 1815, and after various efforts at amend-ment was passed, as follows: Š "Resolved, That at this time it is inex-pedient to' interfere and pass any laws on the subject-matter of the several petitions praying the prohibition of the transporta- tion and opening of the mail on the Sabbath." March 3, 1825, an act was passed " To reduce into one the several acts establish-ing the Post-office Department," Section xi of which reads as follows:  Š " And be it further enacted, That every postmaster shall keep an office in which one or more persons shall attend on every day in which a mail shall arrive, by land or water, as well as on other days, at such hours as the Postmaster-General shall di-rect, for the purpose of performing the STEPHEN BABCOCK, PLAINFIELD, N. J. The president of the American Sabbath Tract Society, who signs this memorial against Sun-day legislation. duties thereof; and it shall be the duty of the postmaster, at all reasonable hours, on every day of the week, to deliver, on demand, any letter, paper, or packet, to the person entitled to, or authorized to re-ceive, the same." This renewed the discussion throughout the country, and Congress was flooded with petitions and counter petitions, which were referred to the committee on post-offices and post-roads, of which Richard M. John-son was chairman. He made an elaborate report to the Senate, Jan. 19, 1829, and to the House, March 4 and 5, 183o. These reports were exhaustive and able docu-ments. They centered around the ques-tion of congressional legislation on relig-ious subjects, all phases of which were considered with marked ability and candor. 