Ł Ł 40 LIBERTY as they require a religious observance of the day, are unconstitutional, and can not be enforced. If these laws can be sustained at all, they must be supported by some other unobjectionable reasons. But there have been decisions in favor of the compulsory observance of Sunday as a religious insti-tution. There are hundreds of laws on the statute-books that can not be enforced; there are very many that were never in-tended to be enforced. They are sops thrown by the politicians to some local class, or individual influential Cerberus. The prosecution of noiseless occupations, and the indulgence in quiet, orderly amuse-ments, since they involve no violation of private right, can not be prohibited by law without infringing upon the religious lib-erty of those who are thus prevented, and such regulations would therefore be uncon-stitutional. You can not compel a man to rest unless he wishes to. You can not make man virtuous or pious by concurrent reso-lutions. The Sermon on the Mount "BLESSED are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven; blessed the meek, for they will in-herit the earth ; blessed they that mourn, for they will be comforted; blessed they that hun-ger and thirst after righteousness, for they will be satisfied; blessed the merciful, for they will find mercy ; blessed the peacema-kers, for they will be called the sons of God; blessed they that have been persecuted for righteousness' sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye, when they shall reproach and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for My sake. Rejoice and exult, for your reward is great in heaven; for so did they persecute the prophets that were be-fore you." The mission of Christ was said by him-self, in a quotation from Isaiah, to he to preach to the poor, and hence it is with no surprise that we find St. Luke substi-tuting simply " the poor " for the " poor in spirit: " for both are right. The first  disciples were won almost exclusively from among the lowly. " The contented poor," Jesus would here say, " who bear their burden meekly, since it comes from God, those, that is, who are ' poor in spirit,' have in their very meekness, the sign and proof that, though poor in outward things, they are rich in higher; for they will, so much the more surely, be, hereafter, the opposite of what they are here. They are the poor who have nothing and yet have all. They have nothing of this world's possessions, and have not yet received the blessing in the world to come. But the very longing for the future, and hope of it, are virtu- ally a present possession. Their devout poverty is their wealth; for it se- cures treasures hereafter. The ' kingdom of heaven' is theirs already." This principle runs through all the be-atitudes. As Christ's disciples, the future will be the contrast to the present: riches for poverty; joy for mourning; plenty for hunger; a heavenly crown for earthly suf-fering for the Master's sake. The con-trast of sin and pardon; the lowly sense of needed salvation, which already has in it-self the assurance that salvation is granted, are implied in all the states of heart re-counted. Through all, there runs the deep-est sense of the sinfulness and troubles of the present, and springing from this, the loftiest religious aspirations, rising far above the earth, to eternal realities. They thus disclose the inmost and central prin-ciple of the new kingdom: the willing and even joyful surrender of the present, in lowly hope of the future Š and that from no lower motive than loving obedience and fidelity to Christ. Immediate self-interest is to be disregarded, for the infinitely higher prospects of the future world. The one passion of the heart is to be for greater righteousness,Š that is, for an ever more complete self-surrender to the will of God, and active fulfilment of its demands. For himself Jesus claims the most loyal devo-tion, even to the endurance of " all manner of evil " for his sake. To seek happiness is to fail to obtain it, but self-surrender to God, and faith in Christ as the Messiah, in themselves bring it, when disinterested and sincere. . . . 