LIBERTY Pear/aim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof. Lev. 25 :10. Vol, V THIRD QUARTER, 1910 No. 3 Editorial THIS is the century of constitutional government, of the people's rule. IN this issue we are giving a few more cuts of the rulers of this world, in order that those who desire to make a collec-tion of these crowned heads can have their list more complete than it was left by our last issue. The reproduction of the legislative halls of the nations of this world, we trust, will be of interest to our subscribers. It has been impossible to obtain as complete a set of these illus-trations as we would like to give. A " SABBATH " enforced by human law is only a holiday ; but when offered to God as a religious institution, it is a mockery. And we have no more reason for supposing that it will be acceptable to Jehovah than had Nadab and Abihu, when they offered strange fire in the sanctuary of old. If it be true that relig-ion is from God, then must religious in-stitutions also be from him, if they are to be of any value. When a religious in-stitution is enforced by human law, man is always put in the place of God, and  there is bound to be trouble for every human being who would yield allegiance only to the true God. THE Johnston Sunday bill still sleeps in the committee. Amen ! May it never be aroused from its slumbers.! Things that are intrinsically evil can do no harm so long as they sleep. So let this bill sleep, and may it be that sleep from which there is no waking. The Vatican Incident OUR frontispiece stands for a striking controversy. He who assumes to be the king of all kings, the prince of all princes, the overlord of all presidents; he who as-sumes the right to absolve the people of any realm from allegiance to any ruler who is not submissive and subservient to him; he who assumes the authority and power to open and close both heaven and hell Š refused to speak face to face with two representatives of a great na-tion, unless they would bind themselves beforehand to obey his behests. They were men, and stood upon their rights as men; and now the frown of the Vat- 