LIBERTY 5 OUR esteemed contemporary, the Chris-tian Statesman, has heard a rumor that the superintendent of public instruction in the State of Illinois has decided to oust the Bible from all the public school libra-ries of the State; and this, coming on top of the decision of the Supreme Court of that State to the effect that the reading of the Bible in the public schools is ille-gal, has aroused the Statesman to make a strong appeal to the instincts of patriot-ism and religion in the hearts of the peo-ple that " the religious forces of the State " may be led to an easy victory in vindication of the rights of the Bible. Personally we see no valid reason why the Bible should be excluded from the libraries of the public school. The su-perintendent of public instruction has, in this, evidently gone farther than even the Supreme Court anticipated. But this is not what should cause the greatest con-cern to the true Christian. What would it matter that the Bible should be ex-cluded from these public institutions if it could be shown that its vital principles were deeply graven upon the hearts of the people? That is what Christians should strive to see accomplished, rather than to rally human forces for the pur-pose of forcing the book into places where it is not wanted. To us a much more serious matter is the disparaging of the Bible by influential educators and by preachers of the Higher Critic type. To counteract the work of these detract-ors of the Holy Book is a work worthy of the best talent and the best metal the world affords ; and the result of such a campaign will be much more satisfying and more enduring than the result of the effort to force the Bible into this, that, or the other place. If the people have the Bible in their hearts, they will be no more affected by such decisions than was the precession of the equinoxes by the procession of the Eucharist. ANOTHER instance of a state pander-ing to the religious prejudices of church-members was witnessed in Switzerland on September 18. There was an aviation meet at the town of Brigue, the aviators intending to fly over the Alps to Milan. The aviators were waiting for auspicious weather, and Sunday, the eighteenth, seemed to present ideal conditions for the flight. The aviators were warned by the authorities that they must not start before noon, as there was a religious pro-cession in the forenoon. The idea in this was, of course, the same as that which actuated the church in the early years of her apostasy to ask for a Sunday law, that is, " because the people congregate more to the theater than to the church." The procession was likely to be deserted by many of its participants, who were more interested in the flying-machines than in the church procession. The au-thorities finally went the whole distance, and threatened to disqualify any aviator who started at any time on Sunday. The report states that " the contestants were keenly disappointed, as the weather was favorable for flying, but Sunday rest was not broken." It is one of the para-doxes of human nature that men can not see, what is written over every page of the church's history, that every such un-warranted interference with the liberties of the people, every such demonstration of intolerant dictation by the church, creates bitterness and animosity in the breasts of the people, which, accumula- ting with the'years, breaks out at last in open revolt. This the Catholic Church is feeling now in France, Italy, Spain, and Portugal. Protestant denominations that are seeking to control the temporal affairs of men ought to learn a lesson in this matter from the present experiences of the Church of Rome in countries that long bowed at her beck and trembled at her word. 