28 LIBERTY Christ." How easy, then, to confederate, and withal how fatal to the spiritual con-dition of the church militant. It was the church power in the early cen-turies that brought influence to bear upon emperors and other rulers, until they were compelled to yield to the unrighteous de-mands of the religious element of the times, which resulted in all the horrors that were caused by the persecutions during the Dark Ages. The same cause that produced the Inquisition and the persecution in other days, will, if logically carried out, produce the same results in these times. The antichristian character of this move-ment will be clearly seen by contrasting it with Christ's attitude on the question of the proper relation between the church and the state. One of the most remarkable and forcible illustrations emphasizing his position on this question was upon the occasion when the Pharisees and Herodians sought to en-tangle him in his talk concerning the ques-tion regarding the relation of the church to the state. It should be remembered that these two classes held views that were in opposition to each other. The Pharisees believed that they should wholly ignore the demands of civil government, and the Herodians believed that they should render everything through Cxsar, or the state. In reply to their question Christ said, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Cxsar's; and unto God the things that are God's." In these weighty words the great Author of liberty enunciated principles which, if they had been followed, would have been a safeguard against every unholy alliance that has existed between the church and the state, and the awful history of religious intolerance and persecution that has blighted the world during the past two thousand years would never have been written. Again, in addressing Pilate, he said, " My kingdom is not of this world," thus indicating that his kingdom is quite dis-tinct from the kingdoms of this world, and is one in which violence, strife, and intol-erance do not exist. When a church seeks for the power of human government to promote her cause she tacitly admits that her kingdom is of this world, and is. therefore. unchristian:  and yet church federation movements are devoting their time, talent, and energies seeking the power of earthly kingdoms, in-stead of looking to him who is King of kings, to whom all power in heaven and earth has been committed. The early disciples did not seek power from the state to do their work, but tarried in an upper room at Jerusalem until they were endowed with power from on high. When they were all " with one accord in one place," it was then that the Holy Spirit was poured out upon them, and three thou-sand souls were converted in one day. There is a union for which all should seek, and that is the one outlined in the remarkable prayer of our Saviour. He prayed that his disciples might be one, that the world might know that the Father had sent him. The purpose of the unity for which Christ prayed was not to obtain the influ-ence of any earthly power by which " law-breakers and lawmakers " would be com-pelled to yield, but one that attracts by the power of love which is shed abroad in the heart by the Holy Ghost. While there is nothing arbitrary nor compulsory in this union, it nevertheless possesses a force that is mightier than the combined powers of evil, and which will ultimately triumph over them. The only remedy for this almost univer-sal thirst for human power is by the way of the cross, the freedom from sin, and the enthronement of Christ within. Then, and only then, can God entrust men with the gift of the Holy Ghost, which is the true source of the Christian's power. Christ's Kingdom Not of This World THE following from chapter forty-five of the work, " Desire of Ages," is a good refu-tation of national_ reformism: Š " Some of the Pharisees had come to Jesus demanding ' when the kingdom of God should come.' More than three years had passed since John the Baptist gave the message that like a trumpet call had sounded through the land, The kingdom of heaven is at hand,' and as yet the Phar-isees saw no indication of the establish-ment of the kingdom. Many of those who rejected John, and at every step had op- 