170 LIBERTY of the promiscuous sale of poisons and of dangerous weapons is not an invasion of the natural rights of the individual, but is organized society's most effective method of protecting individuals in their right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The prohibition of the liquor traffic rests upon identically the same basis. Every man must recognize the great universal law of humanity that every man's personal right ends where another's personal injury begins. This is the great law that must control all human conduct and freedom of action. A Revenue Consumer Instead of Producer The liquor traffic claims to be a great national tax raiser and revenue producer, whereas it is only a tax collector and rev-enue consumer: The man who hands the money over the bar is the revenue producer, and the man behind the bar is only a revenue collector. It takes five times more revenue to take care of the criminals, paupers, insane, and orphans for which the saloon is responsible, than the amount of revenue paid to the gov-ernment by the saloon, breweries, and distilleries. The Black Flag or the Star-Spangled Banner Š Which? The black flag of the legalized saloon, which stands for poverty, misery, and crime, for destruction, death, and dam- nation, must give place to the Stars and Stripes, which can brook no rival. The red, white, and blue, which stands for protection, peace, and prosperity, for honor, justice, and loyalty, must wave triumphantly over every American home, and be true to the colors and principles it represents. When Freedom from her mountain height Unfurled her standard to the air, She tore the azure robe of night And set the stars of glory there. She mingled with its gorgeous dyes The milky baldric of the skies, And striped its pure celestial white With streakings of the morning light. Then from her mansion near the sun She called her eagle bearer down, And gave into his mighty hand The symbol of her chosen land." If we cannot win, let us remember that God can. Though the grand consumma-tion of his plan may tarry, he will ulti-mately triumph over every foe. The poet caught the true idea when he wrote : Š " Careless seems the great Avenger; History's pages but record One death grapple in the darkness 'Twixt old systems and the Word. Truth forever on the scaffold, \Vrong forever on the throne, Yet that scaffold sways the future; And behind the dim unknown Standeth God within the shadow, Keeping watch above his own." Judge Cooley on Religious Liberty G. B. THOMPSON JUDGE THOMAS M. COOLEY in his " Constitutional Limitations," fifth edi-tion, 1883, in a chapter on religious lib-erty, says: Š " There is not complete religious lib-erty where any one sect is favored by the state and given an advantage by law over other sects. Whatever establishes a distinction against one class or sect, is, to the extent to which the distinction operates unfavorably, .a persecution; and if based on religious grounds, a religious  persecution. The extent of the discrim-ination is not material to the principle. It is enough that it creates an inequality of right or privilege." The foregoing statement by this emi-nent jurist is correct. Whenever, there-fore, there is any union of the church with the state, some sect or religion is favored and given an advantage over some other sect or religion. For this reason we are unalterably opposed to all meddling by the civil power with reli- 