International Prohibition as a War Measure By the LIQUOR is not only a national evil in times of war, but when many nations are joined in a common cause it becomes an international evil. An international evil can be cured only by an international remedy. The Allied governments need grain, coal, ice, sugar, transportation facilities, money, health, and efficient man power, but they do not need liquor. Liquor is one of the non-essentials. A war prohibition measure is absolutely necessary, therefore, in order to .conserve a large percentage of the grains, hundreds of thousands of tons of coal, large quantities of the sugar, the much-needed ice in the heat of the sum-mer, which are consumed and wasted in the manufacture of liquor and beer. It is only by the strictest economy and conservation of these essential commodi-ties that a nation can survive during a prolonged period of war. War-time pro-hibition is the only step a nation can take to save itself from famine and plague and ultimate ruin. The nation which keeps itself the most sober and sound will win in the end. This fact was ac-knowledged by the rulers on both sides of the great conflict at the beginning of the war. Four years of this titanic struggle between the various nations, have fully demonstrated the truthfulness of this opinion. The people who are bearing the priva-tions and responsibilities of the war are making a universal demand upon the lawmakers that " liquor domination must cease." The plebiscites in England, Scot-land. and Wales, in every district where a poll was taken, have voted with over-whelming majorities in favor of war-time prohibition. This shows that the working classes and the common people are not opposed to prohibition. as is often claimed by the wet forces. us  Editor In these times of stress and sacrifice, the booze business is fast losing its friends. When the poor and the rich are suffering for the want of a good loaf of bread, it does not take long for the public mind to decide that a few brewers who consume the equivalent of 5,000,000 good loaves of bread daily, must go out of this wasteful business. " The cessation of brewing," says Hoover, " would effect a saving in grain of approximately 3,150,-000 bushels a month from a nutritive point of view." This amount would sup-ply the energy requirements for a year of 1,880,000 men,Š almost enough to supply the needs of our present army both at home and abroad. One American brewery alone wasted 50,000 carloads of grain last year. Think of it ! The liquor business last year used over 100,000 freight cars to haul $2,500,-000,000 worth of booze throughout the land. If these cars could have been uti-lized to haul coal, many people might have been saved from freezing to death, and the two and one-half billions of dol-lars would have financed the war for one third of the year. Carefully compiled statistics show that from 15 to 20 per cent of the coal short-age in some of the Pennsylvania coal dis-tricts the past year was due to the men who failed to report for duty after pay day on account of drunkenness. It is estimated that the coke production in the Connellsville district alone is reduced 250,000 tons a month on account of drunkenness among the miners. Is it any wonder that the officials of the United States Fuel Administration and the lead-ing coal and coke operators in the Con-nellsville region seek the elimination of intoxicating liquors from this territory for the duration of the war? The Con-nellsville operaters also claim that the 