LIBERTY 173 It is not the province of the state to define which is the true religion, or to settle the controversy regarding which is the -proper day to be observed as the Sabbath. If in attempting to settle the question, the state should decide upon the true Sabbath, the principle would be as truly violated as though it decided upon the wrong day, for the reason that the state is dealing with a question entirely out-side of its realm, and " whatever estab-lishes a distinction against one class or !if sect, is, to the extent to which the, dis-tinction operates unfavorably, ,a perse-cution." And " the extent of the dis-crimination is not material to the prin-ciple." We believe, with Schaff, that " secular power has proved a satanic gift to the church, and ecclesiastical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of the state," and for this reason we are opposed to all interference by the state in religious matters. Washington, D. C. Why Sunday Laws Are Wrong ARTHUR G. DANIELLS SUNDAY legislation is wrong. It can work only injustice to the citizens of the state. It is therefore to be condemned. And all organizations and movements seeking such legislation are to be con-demned likewise. The following are some of the evils of Sunday legisla-tion: Š I. It is religious legislation. 2. It favors a class of citizens in mat-ters of religion. 3. It invades the sacred precincts of the conscience. 4. It deprives men of their individual rights. 5. It leads to religious persecution. This, we know, is a severe indictment against Sunday legislation, but we be-lieve that each count can be sustained by plain, undeniable facts. 1. Sunday legislation is religious leg-islation. This is true from the fact that the Sunday institution is a religious institution. And it is on this ground that Sunday laws are made and enforced on the citizens of the state. Said Joseph Cook, in one of his Boston Monday lec-tures in 1887 :Š The experience of centuries shows that you will in vain endeavor to preserve Sunday as a day of rest, unless you preserve it as a day of worship. Dr. Everts says of Sunday : Š This day is set apart for divine worship  and preparation for another life. It is the test of all religion. Of the basis on which Sunday legis-lation rests, the American Sabbath Un ion says : Š A weekly day of rest has never been per-manently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligations. Take the r:-ligion out, and you take the rest out. Section t of the present Sunday law of England and the colonies,Š That all and every person and persons whatsoever shall, on every Lord's Day, apply themselves thereon in the duties of piety and true religion, publicly and privately. From these quotations it is plain that Sunday is a religious institution, that Sunday laws are religious laws, and that Sunday legislation is an attempt to enforce religion by the power of civil government. 2. Sunday legislation favors a class of citizens in matters of religion. All re-ligious legislation discriminates in favor of a class. In no state are the citizens all agreed in matters of religion. Some are religious, and some are not relig-ious. And those who are religious do not by any means all hold the same views of religion. With reference to a day of rest there are at least three classes : Sabbatarians, Sunday observers, and those who do not believe in nor observe any day as sacred. 