LIBERTY 19 to operate upon the political institutions of the country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequences." " Our Constitution recognizes no other power than that of persuasion for enforcing religious observ-ance." This report was concurred in by the United States Senate, and the Sunday bill was dismissed. To favor the passage of Sunday laws, or laws providing for the teaching of the Christian religion in the public schools, is to turn squarely against the teaching of the Declaration of Inde-pendence, the Constitution of the United States, the great Protestant Reformation, and the gospel of Jesus Christ. It is time AN EXAMPLE FOR CHRISTIANS Jesus Christ, the author of liberty, said : If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not." that the protest of the princes at the Diet of Spires should be revived. " In matters of conscience," they declared, " the ma-jority have no power." Where is the spirit of Protestantism to-day that believed in God, spurned tradition, stood upon the plat-form of God's Word, renounced all relig-ious legislation, and suffered martyrdom rather than support despotism? The United States Congress in the days of our fathers recognized Sunday laws to be religious laws, as did both the church and the state in the fourth century. Under the influence of church petitions and church lobbyists, Sunday laws are now passed as " civil enactments." This " civil " dodge is  all sheer hypocrisy. We have laws pro-tecting religious assemblies from disturb-ance upon any day of the week already. No doubt many, like Paul, verily think they do God service in supporting religious leg-islation. Let us pray that such may meet the Man of Calvary, as did Paul upon the Damascus road, and preach Christ, and renounce religious tyranny forever. It is not difficult to follow the trail of this church federation movement to its logical terminal. The forecast of a relig-ious despotism that will form an image to the papacy, and persecute those who keep the commandments of God and have the faith of Jesus, as predicted in Revelation, chapters 13 and 14, is as certain as that night follows day. " Careless seems the great Avenger ; his-tory's pages but record One death-grapple in the darkness 'twixt old systems and the Word; Truth forever on the scaffold, wrong for-ever on the throne,Š Yet that scaffold sways the future, and, behind the dim unknown, Standeth God within the shadow, keeping watch above his own." Š Lowell. The cry of peace and safety that accom-panies this movement is another evidence that sudden destruction is soon to overtake those who are deceived by it, " and they shall not escape." f Thess. 5:  3. It is time to raise the cry given in Isaiah 8:' " Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A Con-federacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid. Sanctify the Lord of hosts him-self ; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread." It is time to go out quickly, and bear aloft to " every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people," " the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus," while proclaiming the warning against the worship of the " beast " and his " image," and the reception of his " mark," as given in Revelation 13 and 14. It is time that all true watchmen give the trumpet a certain sound. No individual is answerable to civil gov-ernment here in that for which civil gov-ernment can not answer for him in the hereafter. 