LIBERTY to which day of the week is the Sabbath, not at all ; but I read you that to show that this defendant has some ground for what he believes. Now, gentlemen, there has been a challenge, and the law books so tell us that there is no warrant in the New Testament for keeping Sunday for the Sabbath. Therefore this defendant has some reason for his belief. Now the question is, Suppose that he is right, and that the fourth commandment is still a binding obligation, then what position do you sit in, gentlemen? It is to sit in judgment on the law of God. It is put-ting the law of God against the law of man. That is the position you occupy. What instruction have we when such a proposition comes before the rulers and juries of the land? There was a time, gentlemen, when the law of God was at stake; the law of God was in opposition to the law of the land. There was a time when a great king, Nebuchadnezzar, the `king of Babylon, made up his mind that he was going to defy the law of God. He was the king, and he considered that he had the right to pass a law that the golden image that he ordered to be set up in Babylon should be worshiped at the sounding of the musical instruments. The law of the land said that every man that did not bow down and worship the image should be cast into the furnace. What did the law of God say? The law of God says, " Thou shalt have no other gods before me. Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image. . . . Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them." There were three Hebrew captives brought over from Jerusalem to Babylon. They had learned the law of God. They had learned what God said in the ten commandments ; and when this edict came forth, they had to decide be- tween their God and the king ; and what did they say? They said, We shall have to obey God; and so the three Hebrew captives were reported to the king, and the king ordered them at once to be thrown into the fiery furnace which had been heated seven times hotter than it was wont to be heated. What did God do? He vindicated the course of those three captives, and _delivered them. There was another time, when Daniel was in the kingdom of the Medes and Persians; the Medes and Persians passed a law that for a certain period nobody 31 should offer prayer to anybody but the king, and you remember Daniel was a praying man. He prayed three times every day, and notwithstanding that law be said his prayers ; and the king ordered him thrown into a den of lions ; but God worked a miracle that he should be de-livered. How about the religion of Christ to-day? Suppose the apostles and fathers of our religion had listened to the law of Rome, would you have learned about the religion of Jesus today? It was a vio-lation of the law to teach any new relig-ion, and so the apostles were thrown into prison and whipped, and Paul had his head cut off, and Peter was crucified with his head downward. It was that kind of faith in God that has brought the Chris-tian religion to you and to me today. Liberty of conscience is the bulwark upon which our State rests ; and whenever there is a union of church and state in the administration of any law, it then is when a man's rights are invaded. I tell you, gentlemen, Sunday, the weekly rest day, Sabbath, the weekly rest day, are. primarily church property. You cannot any more divorce religion from Sunday or from the seventh-day Sabbath than you can divorce a wife and yet maintain the marriage relation. That is absolutely the foundation of the whole thing. Whenever any law so regulates a day that it does violence to a man's conscience, then it is between that man and his God as to what he shall do. Gentlemen, the history of the Dark Ages tells us how the law of God and the law of the land were in opposition. The bloody history of the Dark Ages tells us the results of the union of church and state. The Spanish Inquisition,Ñthis was its history; and it tells us the result of the union of church and state. Gentlemen, it is for you to decide this case. It is for you to say, gentlemen, whether or not this man has violated this law in the spirit of the law. It is for you to say whether or not that law has been broken in spirit. Does he come here be-fore you as a man defying the law of the land? Does he keep one day of the week? Ñ He does. He keeps one day of the week, and then works on Sun-day, the first day of the week. Do you think that law was purposely violated ? It was the purpose of the legislators that 