LIBERTY monstrate what divinity intended to teach to sinful men concerning the relation be-tween man's kingdoms and God's king-dom. Prof. John A. Kern, of Vander-bilt University, in " The Idea of the Church," page 124, succinctly explains an incident in Christ's life in which the Saviour distinctly shows the demarca-tion between the two powers : Š " The King of men, standing, accused and derided, before the Roman court, which represented the judiciary of the civilized world, averred: ' My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight.. ' Thou couldest have no power against me, except it were given thee from above.' John 18 : 36; 19 : II. Here, then, we may catch a glimpse of two great truths, as truth is in Jesus: first, Christ's kingdom is not to be es-tablished by force; second, the secular government is a divine ordinance. " Accordingly in the New Testament the church is seen, in the person of its Founder and its inspired teachers, using as its one weapon the word of truth, and at the same time honoring the state as an institution of God, counseling obe-dience to its laws, save where conscience toward God may forbid, claiming its pro-tection, praying for-  its rulers." If men to-day would follow the principles of primitive Christianity as revealed in the lives of Christ and his apostles, we would be spared the sad spectacle of men pray-ing to God to save them from the bloody hand of a professed Christian brother. This is true in some countries at the present time. But there are those in this country who are advocating the adoption of principles which, when put into practise, will bring persecution to honest men and women who do not agree with them in things religious. What a travesty on justice and true Christianity will it be if it becomes necessary to rewrite the record of cruelty as given by Paul in Heb. I I : 36: Š " And others had trial of cruel mock-ings and scourgings, yea, moreover of bonds and imprisonment : they were stoned, they were sawn asunder, were  tempted, were slain with the sword : they wandered about in sheepskins and goat-skins; being destitute, afflicted, tor-mented (of whom the world was not worthy) : they wandered in deserts, and in mountains, and in dens and caves of the earth." What men suffered then, for their faith, men will bear to-day, if necessary. After John Locke, one of England's sons and philosophers, had been driven from his home by an intolerant, established re-ligion, he wrote from Holland the fol-lowing, born of sad experience : Š " For no man can, if he would, con-form his faith to the dictates of another. All the life and power of true religion consists in the outward and full persua-sion of the mind; and faith is not faith without believing. . . . " That any man should think fit to cause another man, whose salvation he heartily desires, to expire in torments, and that even in an unconverted estate, would, I confess, seem very strange to me, and, I think, to any other also." " Confiscation of estate, imprisonment, torments, nothing of that nature, can have any such efficacy as to make men change the inward judgment that they have framed of things." " If any one have ever so true a claim to all these things [antiquity and ortho-doxy], yet if he be destitute of charity, meekness, and good-will in general to-ward all mankind, even to those that are not Christians, he is certainly yet short of being a true Christian himself."Š" Letters on Toleration," pages 2-6. While men who labor for the union of the sacred and secular may disclaim any desire to force the consciences of any, it remains a fact that once religion is made a matter of civil legislation, a machine has been set in operation which their kindness can not, or at least does not, control ; and the religion that is sup-posed to represent the very love of God, becomes a tyrant, bitter, cruel, merciless. What proved the ruin of the church in the days of Constantine will not prove its salvation in the days in which we live. Takoma Park, D. C. 