30 LIBERTY promote religious interests, or to suppress what they consider to be irreligion, are in direct and defiant opposition to the prin-ciples of Christ, who declared, " My kingdom is not of this world." Again and again parties that have gloried in using civil power for religious ends fa-voring their own supposed interests, have cried out when the same methods were used against them. " Put up again thy sword into his place," said Jesus to one of his disciples; " for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." That has been a hard lesson for men to learn. In a volume published over a hundred years ago, John McGowan, a dissenting preacher of London, described in terse old English some of the shifting scenes in modern church history. In answer to the question, " Has any sect besides the papists been found to persecute those who differed from them? " he said : Š " Yes, every sect who has, at any time, been happy enough to grasp the reins of government for the time being. The worthy papists bore the bell of orthodoxy for the space of twelve hundred and sixty years, during which time much blood was shed by open massacres, secret assassina-tions, pretended judiciaries, acts of bloody faith ; and at last to finish the bloody reign of Antichrist, England, France, and the Netherlands, and the valleys of Pied-mont swam with the gore of such who would believe the Bible sooner than the voice of the priests. Queen Mary's reign furnished the orthodox in her day with a fine opportunity of discovering their zeal for the church, by murdering those who believed and obeyed the Bible ; but her reign being short, and Elizabeth as-cending the thront upon her demise, the other scale rose uppermost, and the Prot-estants, in their turn, became orthodox, i. e., got the government into their hands. " 0, the violence of reputed ortho-doxy ! Those same gentlemen were no sooner emerged from prison than they also let the world know that they were not to be differed from with impunity; that the formula of their faith and wor- ship must be regarded with as implicit obedience as that in the former reign imposed by the papists. Now the Pres-byterians, Independents, and other Con-gregationalists felt the weight of their rage, or, if you please, zeal for ortho-doxy and the good of the church. Now the prison keepers and their friend, Mas-ter Ketch, had pretty near as good a run of trade as in the reign of Mary. And now the wilds of America began to be well peopled with English Protestants who oppressed dissenters; and the good Episcopalians at home kept the fleece to themselves, and had all the good of the church before them. " But those said Presbyterians and In-dependents had no sooner crossed the ocean for conscience' sake, and found themselves secure from Episcopalian rage, than they themselves commenced orthodox, and set up their own formula as the standard of religion, to which they required as implicit submission from others as the good bishops of England had ere while done for themselves ; and now the poor antipedo-Baptists and Quakers were taught that a mittimus is a mittimus whether it is signed by a Papist, an Episcopalian, or a Pres-byterian, and that sentence of death is to be dreaded as much from the mouth of the latter as of the former. Those same dissenters who had so lately found Old England too hot for themselves, by the glowings of priestly zeal for ortho-doxy, soon made New England too hot for the poor Quakers and antipedo-Baptists ; who, to escape the rage for presbytery, fled, the one to Pennsylvania and the other to Rhode Island, that they might not be compelled to worship God according to other people's consciences and contrary to .their own." And the lesson has not yet been learned. In fact, every year sees an in-creasing revival in religious circles in favor of the very principles that have worked such ruin in the past. That is why every lover of the religion of Jesus Christ, pure and undefiled, and every friend of religious liberty, should join in 