BOARD OF TRADE BUILDING, COLUMBUS, OHIO, WHERE WE'RE HELD MEETINGS OF PROTEST AGAINST RELIGIOUS AMEND-MENTS TO THE OHIO CONSTITUTION 132 LIBERTY public schools, by those who desire to do so, shall not hereafter be prohibited by law." " Proposal No. 121. Resolved, by the Constitutional Convention of the State of Ohio, That a proposal to amend the con-stitution shall be submitted to the elect-ors, to read as follows: Š " We, the people of the State of Ohio, grateful to Almighty God for liberty, ac-knowledge him to be our supreme ruler, and his laws to be fundamental, and declaring this to be a Christian State, in order to establish justice, a n d secure the blessings of liberty for the whole peo-ple, do establish this constitution." " Proposal No. 204. Resolved, by the Constitutional Convention of the State of Ohio. That a proposal to amend the consti-tution shall be sub-mitted to the elect-ors, to read as follows : Š " T h e general assembly of the St ate of Ohio shall never recog-nize by law the moral, religious, or divine character of the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, for spiritual uplift or worship ; but the general assembly shall always be actuated and guided in all its legislative work concerning the first day of the week by the idea and principle that the same is a mere civic, municipal, and police regu-lation and institution." " Proposal No. 65. Resolved, by the Constitutional Convention of the State of Ohio, That a proposal to amend the con-stitution shall be submitted to the elect-ors, to read as follows : Š " The general assembly shall at all  times protect the moral and religious and spiritual nature and Christian character of the divine institution of the Sabbath (commonly called Sunday), as the day of rest, worship, and spiritual uplift. The only exception of labor on the Sabbath should be that of urgent necessity." " Proposal No. 321. Resolved, by the Constitutional Convention of the State of Ohio, That a proposal to amend the con-stitution shall be submitted to the electors, to read as follows : Š " T h e general assembly shall at all times protect the moral, relig-ious, and spiritual nature and Chris-tian character of the divine institu-tion of the Sab-bath, as a day of rest, worship, and spiritual uplift." Strenuous e f -forts were made for the passage of these measures. Doubtless any one of them would have passed had it not been for the efforts of the Ohio Religious Liberty Association in op-position to such legislation. When any one of these proposals was to come up for consideration, well-worded re-monstrances came in from all parts of the State. Through the vigilance and faithful efforts of the Ohio religious lib-erty secretary, whose efforts were sec-onded by other workers, every measure was met at the proper moment by me-morials and remonstrances, which were recognized and respected, and proved effective. Proposal No. 321 was introduced late, after it was supposed that efforts in that line had come to an end. The advocates of the measure seemed to hope to pass 