170 LIBERTY Ł ing: What a spectacle we Christians are to the non-Christian world, whom we in our self-glory call heathen! . . . One has a right to expect that, after nineteen hundred years of civilization calling itself Christian, the church and her ministers should have influence enough, powerŠdownright moral and spiritual powerŠenough to prevent the savage, the brute instincts of mankind dominating not only kings and other rulers, but the whole body of people composing the nations of Europe." In connection with the thought quoted, it will be of interest to the reader to note that Pope Pius X on his sick bed, and just before his death, said: " In ancient times the Pope by a word might have stayed the slaughter, but now he is im-potent." The truth of this statement was well illustrated in the urgent request made by the Pope upon Emperor Fran-cis Joseph of Austria, not to stain his life with blood ; but the " Christian na-tion " of Austria took the step against Servia which was the immediate cause of the great war. Germany and Russia have ordered their citizens to repair to the churches and pray God to give them success. Much could be said to indicate that these nations have a union of church and state and profess to be Christian nations. As a matter of law, they are technically Christian nations. Our object in referring to the situa-tion in Europe is to bring to the atten- tion of the National Reform Association the fact that the union of church and state in Europe has not benefited the Europeans, at least to the extent of pre-venting war, and to ask the association to defer indefinitely its effort to make " the United States a Christian nation " by law. It must be admitted that this country has achieved wonderful success as a nation, and is apparently in good condition to keep out of war itself and to help the warring nations, despite the fact that the Constitution does not de-clare what the National Reformers in-sist it ought to declare ; namely, " that this is a Christian nation." It will not do for the association to say that it does not desire a union of church and state in this country; for if words have any meaning, its platform and its declarations show that the out-come of its purpose will be just such a union. We quote from the National Reformers' standard platform one of their aims : " To secure such an amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's alle-giance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian re-ligion, and to indicate that this is a Chris-tian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our gov-ernment on an undeniably legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." We sincerely believe that the National Reform Association and other organiza- tions engaged in the movement to make the United States a Christian nation, legally, should look upon the European situation as a warning and a protest, and should forbear to make further efforts in the direction outlined by their plat-forms. Washington, D. C. 111 " Rulers Not a Terror to Good Works, but to the Evil " K. C. RUSSELL THE character of a ruler toward his subjects is clearly indicated in the words of the Bible which appear as the title of this article, " Rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil." The principle voiced in these words is just as true today as when spoken by the inspired apostle nearly two thousand years ago. The apostle knew something of the terror of Nero, the ruler; for Paul suffered imprisonment at his wicked hands. Time would fail in citing the numerous instances where this principle has been flagrantly disregarded by rulers. It will suffice in this article to mention a few of the most remarkable: Pharaoh's oppression of ancient Israel, Nebuchad-nezzar's decree which resulted in casting the Hebrew men into the fiery furnace, 