Religion and Science C Creation in Science GEORGE MC CREADY PRICE THE most obvious, the most patent ex-planation of the sea-shells on the moun-tain tops, and the forests buried a mile or so down in the ground,Ñ conditions that prevail almost everywhere on earth, Ñis the Biblical explanation that they were buried by the waters of the great deluge. This explanation was virtually the only one generally received until about a hundred years ago, when another theory was invented, of quiet, gradual change prolonged over millions and mil-lions of ages, which perhaps filled a " long-felt want " on the part of unbe-lievers. At all events, it soon became very fashionable, and is to-day generally accepted in modern, scientific circles. It is true that the world of the seven-teenth and eighteenth centuries did not have any very profound knowledge of the rocks or the fossils. But they had gained only a very limited knowledge of the plants and animals still living in our modern world. It may surprise most of my readers to learn that up to the begin-ning of the nineteenth century geology and paleontology were much further ad-vanced than botany and zoology. That is, in most of the important groups of plants and animals, the detailed knowl-edge of the fossil forms preceded by many years the knowledge of the cor-responding living forms. In the same way the theories about the igneous origin of granite were invented before men knew the chemical make-up of these rocks or their microscopic construction. Hence I say that a knowledge of the rocks and the fossil forms had progressed more rapidly than most of the correlated sciences up to the opening of what we may term modern times, or the beginning of the nineteenth century. But the most striking fact about the history of modern science is that, while the other branches of nature study have  made marvelous progress in theoretical as well as practical ways, geology all this time has been absolutely at a standstill. I do not mean that no great discoveries have been made in the field of geology in the meantime. Many and wonderful discoveries have indeed been made, per-haps more so than in any other branch of science except electricity and micro-scopic biology. But the difference is that, unlike the case of the other sciences, this progress in discovery has not been met with a corresponding advance and im-provement in geological theory to keep the science up to date and consistent with the new facts. In every other branch of science men have felt compelled to continually revise their old theories whenever these have become outgrown, or whenever it is seen that these theories will no longer explain the newly discov-ered facts. This is true progress. But not thus with the antiquated science of geology. In this science the theories of a hundred years ago are still implicitly believed and followed, in spite of an ac-cumulated mass of facts that ought to have put them into limbo scores of years ago. An all-embracing theory of the order in which the fossils would always be found to occur, was in-vented a hundred years ago in a little corner of western Europe to explain some local phenomena, and it was as-sumed on this narrow data that over all the rest of the world the fossils must always occur in the exact order there observed. And this theory has domi-nated the whole science since with such arbitrary power that modern explorers among the rocks in Asia, in Africa, and in America, are constantly called upon to deny the positive evidence of their senses whenever they find the strata occurring in the reverse of this accepted order. All kinds of imaginary folds or twists or slidings in mountain masses or even whole countries, involving thousands of square miles of territory, or perhaps the 