DR. SUN YAT-SEN, PROVISIONAL PRESIDENT OF THE YOUNGEST REPUBLIC IN THE WORLD 72 LIBERTY where must a more scrupulous regard be observed to maintain complete sepa-ration, than in the realm of the common school. Any conflict over this principle I assume to be now closed. The moral of it has been embodied in substantially every State constitution. The spirit of all State constitutions and the explicit expression of most of them is that schools supported wholly or in part by the public funds shall be free from sec-tarian control or influence. The com-mon school is to be neutral ground. Not only is this matter of law ; it has the approval of modern educationists. The educationists but give a more closely reasoned expression of the policy under-lying the law. One of the leading au- thorities, Prof. Paul H. Hanus, of Harvard University, says : Š " But if it were not impossible, for reasons already set forth, to give ex-plicit and formal instructions in religion in the public schools, it ought not to be given for another reason. As has been already pointed out, there are few divi- sive influences in hu- man society that cut deeper and entail greater rancor than dif-ferences in religious be-lief. The public school is, and should be, our greatest unifying influ-ence. It is the function and it is the glory of our public school that it is the most successful in-strument yet devised for preparing people o f every sect and of no sect, people of every grade, and people of the most diverse nationali-ties, for progressive cit-izenship in our Ameri- can democracy."Š Be- ginnings of Industrial Education, page 145. Religious Garb and Insignia in the Schools in Conflict With the Essential Principle The crux of the mat-ter, then, lies in this : That to countenance the practises here in ques-tion would be inconsist-ent with the duty that an executive officer must, from what has been said, regard as his,Š the duty to maintain the com-plete separation of church and state,Šthe duty, to be more specific, of preserv-ing the public schools free from sectarian influence. The issuance of Circular No. 6o1 seemed to me therefore imperative. That the introduction of these eccle-siastical robes and insignia into the school must exert a sectarian influence is a mat- 