Beers and Light Wines as "Temperance" Drinks By THE MANAGING EDITOR THE liquor business dies hard. As long as there is a ghost of a chance for the legal sale of dis-tilled liquors, whole-salers, retailers, and consumers of such liquors defend them right lustily. But when defeat of the stronger intoxicants looms big on the horizon, their whilom friends and defenders forsake them and begin to laud " light wines and beers." How " light " some of these drinks are appears from an editorial admission made in the New York American of July 10, 1917, in these words: " To make temperance sure, THE POR-TION OF ALCOHOL PERMITTED TO BE MANUFACTURED, SOLD, OR CON-SUMED OUGHT TO BE LIMITED TO SOME DEFINITE DEGREE. The percent-age of alcohol in beverages should be limited to ten, or twelve, or fourteen per cent. This newspaper's judgment is that the conserva-tive sentiment of the entire country would prefer ten per cent." " Conservative " means " adhering to existing institutions." Of course the dealers and the drinkers who want to keep right on selling and drinking would be satisfied with " light " wines and beers containing " ten, or twelve, or fourteen per cent " of alcohol. That is very much more than most of the so-called light drinks contain now. Amer-ican beers run from about four to something over six per cent. The per cent of alcohol in nat-urally fermented wines varies from seven to sixteen per cent, the lower percentage 104 being in the clarets and the higher in the heavier wines. But it is worse than folly to plead for even the milder wines and beers as tem-perance drinks. Alcohol is one of the poisons that even in its most innocent forms and in small quantities creates a demand for more. It is a habit-form-ing drug, and a wine- or beer-drinking people are a besotted people. Ills is true where the beers contain only four per cent of alcohol and the wines only seven per cent. How much more true would it be if these liquors contained ten to fourteen per cent of alcohol. In such a case the man or other person who took a schooner of ten-per-cent beer or a gob-let of fourteen-per-cent wine would have almost the equivalent of an ordinary glass of whisky. In data recently prepared by the Scien-tific Temperance Federation, and printed in the Congressional Record of June 27, it is shown that the drunkenness of an-cient history was caused by wine, beer, and cider. " There is nothing in the history of the na-tions that gives us any reason to suppose that this [the use of beers and wines] will be any-thing but a detriment to the efficiency of the nation at a time when every particle of en-ergy is required. " As long as human deeds have been re-corded, whether in song and story or on stones, papyrus, or printed page, the record has contained accounts of man's drunkenness. Edicts and ex-hortations against it are found in the most ancient writings of China, India, and Darius HI, Conquered by Alexander Alexander the Great, Conquered by Alcohol 