Religious Liberty in the Dutch Republic C. Al. SNOW WE can not speak of religious liberty in the Dutch republic without mention-ing Spain ; and we can not speak of Spain in this connection without men-tioning the Inquisition; for back of all that the Dutch republic suffered at the hands of Spain lay that cruel institution known as the Holy Office, but which was, without doubt, the most unholy and unfeeling institution that has ever af-flicted the human race. The Inquisition in Spain as a living reality was created by Tomas de Torque-mada in August, 1483. It had been au-thorized by Pope Gregory IX in 1235 ; but up to 1480 no court of the Inquisi-tion had been established there. Tomas le Torquemada was the spiritual adviser of Isabella of Castile for ten years be-fore her marriage to Ferdinand of Ara-gon; and after their marriage, this In-quisitor-General became the confessor, or spiritual adviser, of both the king and the queen. Out of that triple alliance, dominated by the cruel hand and the rapacious instincts of Torquemada grew the unutterable miseries of two nations, Spain and the Dutch republic, and of innocent and peaceful peoples in lands beyond the sea. That institution, which one writer declares " poisoned the whole social life of Spain," so that while it made men orthodox in outward appear-ance, it " tended also to make them false, and suspicious, and cruel," was the direct offspring of the Papacy, the foster-child of the Spanish government, and the vig-orous and zealous desolator of every land afflicted by Spanish control while the in-stitution was in actual operation. But the result of its creation did not cease with the expiration of its official license. The destruction of thousands of the best and brightest and most prosperous cit-izens took out of Spain the very salt of her preservation. The records indicate that over ten thousand persons were burned alive in Spain during the eighteen years of Tor-quemada's supremacy alone, while scores of thousands were punished in other ways, and their property acquired by the Holy Office and the government. That institution is the very kernel of that busi-ness spoken of and condemned in the book of Revelation Š making merchan-dise of the " souls of men." Rev. 18 : 9-14. There were two thousand accusa-tions to each single acquittal ; and each conviction was followed by the confisca-tion of all the property of the accused. Of the amount thus confiscated the Holy Office took one third and the government two thirds. The Holy Office, through this means, literally rolled in wealth, and it thought to make sure of its own con-tinuance by allowing the larger portion of the plunder gained by this inhuman robbery to go to the government. Of that institution Burke says : Š " The hidden enemy, the secret denun-ciation, the sudden arrest, the unknown dungeon, the prolonged interrogatory, the hideous torture, the pitiless judge, the certain sentence, the cruel execution, the public display of sacerdotal venge-ance, the plunder of the survivors, in-nocent even of ecclesiastical offense,Šall these things are known to every reader of every history. All other con-siderations apart, it is an abuse of lan-guage to speak of the proceedings before the Inquisition as a trial, but the tribunal was nothing but a board of conviction." Š Quoted in " History of Spain," by Archibald Wilberforce, page 96. The Holy Office laid its hand upon the dead as well as upon the living. Graves were opened that their occupants might be adjudged guilty and burned, and the property they had left to their heirs be taken from them to swell the coffers of the Holy Office and the government. Queen Isabella, in seeking to clear her-self from odium, said : Š " I have caused great calamities, I 35 