LIBERTY 195 " Several acts of the Virginia Assembly, of 1659, 1662, and 1693, had made it penal in parents to refuse to have their children baptized."Š Thomas Jefferson, in " Notes on Virginia" (1788), p. 167. But why should not the state compel all people to observe the Lord's baptism if it is proper legislation to compel all to observe the Lord's day? Both are religious and not civil institutions. out their generations, for a perpetual covenant. It is a sign between me and the children of Israel forever: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested, and was refreshed." The true God is the Creator ; in fact, this is the one thing above all others that distinguishes him from all false gods. According to the prophet Jeremiah, " the Lord is the true God, he is the living God. . . . The gods that have not made the heavens and the earth, even they shall perish. . . . He hath established the world by his wisdom, and hath stretched out the heavens by his discretion." Jer. I0 : 10-12. Nowhere in the Bible is there any di-vine command for the sacred observance of Sunday, the first day of the week. Any law regulating the observance of Sunday, therefore, must be of purely hu-man origin. Not only this, but in effect it changes the divine law, which, as be-fore stated, commands the observance of the seventh day. The fourth command-ment permits labor on the other six days. Six days of labor are to precede the sev-enth day of rest. Human laws com-pelling the observance of a day other than the one enjoined in the commandment. make this impossible. The ordinary workingman needs six days in which to labor for the support of his family. A man-made Sunday law prohibits this, and so tempts him to break the fourth com-mandment. Then again, a man-made law is neces-sarily of a lower standard than God's law, and therefore displaces the com- mandment of divine origin and puts one of earthly origin in its stead. Where no civil law exists, those who feel that they ought to observe Sunday in obedience to the fourth commandment, keep that day as they suppose the corn- mandment requires ; but when there is a State law or a city ordinance upon the subject, very many are fully satisfied when they have complied with the man-made law, and give little or no thought to the divine law of rest. Thus not only is the first day substituted for the seventh, but a much lower standard of Sabbath keeping is substituted for the divine standard. Substitutes for a divine institution are always dangerous. They lower man's ideas. This may not appear on the sur-face, but it is true nevertheless. Nadab and Abihu could see no difference be-tween strange and sacred fire, and this failure on their part cost them their lives. Viewed from a physical standpoint, man is free to obey or disobey the law of God, but not from a moral standpoint, and of course, he must meet the consequences of disobedience if he chooses that way. A law compelling people to observe even the true Sabbath would be wrong. God has not commissioned man to compel his fellow men to obey even a divine precept. Forced obedience to God's law will not change hearts, and therefore from a re-ligious standpoint will not avail, nor stand the test of the judgment. " We shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ." " Let every man be fully per-suaded in his own mind." 01 IV THE Jew [and the same is true of all Sabbatarians] who is forced to re-spect the first day of the week, when his conscience requires of him the observ-ance of the seventh also, may plausibly urge that the law discriminates against his religion, and by forcing him to keep a second sabbath in each week, unjustly, though by indirection, punishes him for his belief. Š Cooley's " Constitutional Limitations," p. 476. 