LIBERTY 167 ceremony must be immersion, what will the Methodists say ? The erroneous idea of church and state unity leads not to a millennium of un-alloyed happiness, but to a veritable laby-rinth of dark hypocrisy, religious ani-mosity, and persecution. In permitting re-ligious zealots, by the entering wedge of the Sunday law, to reestablish that fear-ful system, America is following in the steps of Rome. Constantine, a nominal convert to Christianity, head of both ec-clesiastical and civil powers, bound upon the people of his time the first Sunday law. Closer union between the two pow-ers came with the lapse of time, with the ecclesiastical always supreme, until we find all the decrees of the church en-forced by the sword, the stake, the rack, and the gibbet. Witness the Massacre of St. Barthol-omew, in which. thousands of French Huguenots, the flower of the nation, were murdered in cold blood because they dis-sented from the established church. Call to mind the crusade against the Albigen-ses, and the slaughter of Beziers, when not less than fifteen thousand men, women, and children were cruelly butchered by the fanatical mob at the in-stigation of the reigning hierarchy for no greater crime than that they dared to think for themselves in religious matters. Do not forget the cruel burning of Huss because he clung to the Bible rather than the decrees of church councils. Think of the banishment of Roger Williams to the pitiless wilderness in the dead of winter by the Puritans of early New England. Turn, if you will, the pages of his- tory in all ages, and you will find that a union of religion and the state brings only persecution, and that, too, to the best people in the commonwealth. In France it led eventually to the Revolu- tion, and the invention of the guillotine as a means of more speedy butchery. In America it will turn backward the progress of civilization, and bring again the horrors of the Inquisition ; for al-though the twentieth century is an age of invention and enlightenment, underlying  principles are the same in all ages. Reli-gious zealots cannot direct the arm of the police power in our day without inflicting savage persecution upon the good and just, any more than they could in the days of the French Revolution, or in the time of the Puritans. Sunday laws are unchristian, un-American, un-just, and vicious. They are but the en-tering wedge to medieval oppression. Oakland, Cal. stf The Practical Working of State Religion A. G. DANIELLS FOR centuries the natural rights of man were not recognized, but finally the time came when the rights of conscience were respected, and the church secured the inestimable boon of religious liberty. This victory gained by the church, pro-claimed the greatness of its power; and when this power was fully recognized, unprincipled men courted the favor of the church to further their selfish schemes. Among the suitors were the emperors of Rome. When they found that the state could not control the church, they proposed that the church as-sist them to control the state. For this they made large bids. They became " Christians," made the church costly presents, gave bishops state honors, legis-lated to please the church, and gave official positions to none but professed Christians. Religion became popular, churches multiplied, bishops grew dizzy and grasped the reins of civil gov-ernment. Constantine and the bishops joined hands in the management of spirit-ual and political affairs. Thus a union was formed between church and state; but this union was on a different basis from that of the union of the Roman Empire and the Roman religion. In the former union, the state was the head; the state con-trolled religion, and used it as a servant for political ends. In the latter union, the church was the head; the church ruled 