LIBERTY 21 gathered. The professed church of Christ to-day, having lost the power of the Holy Spirit, is seeking the crutch of the civil power, and cite as a precedent for her mis-chievous work, the good old colonial days, when Bapists were whipped, and the tongues of the Quakers were " burned through with a red-hot iron." Shorn of the liberty which is born of the Holy Spirit, and having become entangled in the bond-age of worldliness, Protestantism, like the Pilgrim fathers, is seeking to bind on others the fetters of slavery. Professed Christianity never stood in more imminent danger than to-day. Macaulay truly said that " the whole history of Christianity shows that she is in far greater danger of being corrupted by the alliance of power, tnan of being crushed by its opposition. Those who thrust temporal sovereignty upon her, treat her as their prototype treated her Author. They bow the knee, spit upon her ; they cry ' Hail ! ' and smite her on the cheek ; they put a scepter in her hand, but it is a 'fragile reed; they crown her, but it is with thorns ; they cover with purple the wounds which their own hands have inflicted upon her; and inscribe magnificent titles over the cross on which they have fixed her to perish in ignominy and pain." How true are the words of this eminent historian ! Will the professed church of Christ go blindly on. regardless of the les-sons of the past, and will she corrupt her-self by wordly alliances, weaken and die when seemingly in the plentitude of her power? Will the principles upon which Protestantism is founded be repudiated in this time of light; and liberty, which is dearer to man than life, expire in a con-vulsion ? Much as we wish it otherwise, we fear that the ominous storm-cloud of religious intolerance forming above the horizon, will not recede. Now, as never before, the vir-gin daughter of Zion should awake from her slumber, and in the power of the Spirit of God. "proclaim liberty to the captives." THE strongest argument used in the Bible is the argument of self-sacrifice. When we take to ourselves the argument of com-pulsion, we strip ourselves of the armor of God, and rob ourselves of the power to convince. convict, and convert souls.  Reaping the Fruit of Her Own Sowing C. M. SNOW THE present condition of the Catholic Church in France has brought great sor-row to the officials of the hierarchy. The pope has protested against the course of the government, and denounced the new laws in no moderate language. The bish-ops have seconded the denunciation and lauded the encyclical; and have even held over the heads of the lawmakers the ter-rible threat of an unrestrained uprising of the people. The world ha's looked on in wonderment While the " pampered child of the papacy " has relentlessly goaded the mother church in spite of her protests. And yet, had Rome listened to the logic of church-and-state union, she might have expected this. Had she taught France the true relation of the church and state, she would have escaped it. With each respect-ing the rights of the other and keeping out of the affairs of the other, the present un-pleasantness could not have occurred. Rome is now complaining of persecution at the hands of the. French Government, and is advising her adherents to resist the law's enforcement in all ways not forbidden by the state. It does seem that the gov-ernment has stepped out of her place, in one regard at least, and interfered unnec-essarily with the rights of religious bodies when she makes it illegal for congrega-tions to hold services except as corporate bodies. The nation in which the true prin-ciple of religious liberty obtain will not thus interfere with the exercise of religious rights. As men have a right to be relig-ious, or not religious, they have a right to meet, or not to meet, for religious purposes, without dictation or interference on the part of the government Š so long as their meetings are of an orderly nature. If a man wishes to throw his house open to a religious meeting, that is a matter with which government can not justly interfere. Now arises the question: 'Where did France learn her lessons in the matter of religious liberty ? Š From the very church with whose religious liberty she is now in-terfering. All through the past Rome has taught France the supremacy of the church, and has made everything in France subservient thereto. Now when France essays to cut loose and separate church and state. she goes to the other extreme. and 