LIBERTY 11 with their demands? They excite the flame which they seek to extinguish; and it soon becomes necessary to punish the obstinacy, as well as the crime, of the offender. The fine which he is unable or unwilling to pay, exposes his person to the severities of the law; and his contempt of lighter penalties suggests the use of severer ones, and, finally, of capital punishment." It is this very kind of legislation Š Sun-day legislation Š which plunged Europe into the Dark Ages and the Inquisition. And this is where it will lead the world  systematically carried on in bringing influ-ence and pressure to bear upon statesmen with the hope of securing a national Sun-day law that will give effect to the State laws. It is easy to see, when these religio-political reformers succeed in securing that for which they are earnestly seeking, that we shall have then erected in this country Š" the land of the free and the home of the brave "Š a veritable image to papal Rome with her union of church and state. Those who so nobly stood for freedom This map represents in white those States and the one Territory which have no Sun-day law ; in shading those which have mild Sunday laws ; and in black those which have more stringent Sunday laws. again to-day if it starts once more on this " backward " road. Already forty-three of the forty-six States in the Union have Sunday laws, and are, therefore, according to Mr. Crafts' logic, " backward States." The one great object of the Bureau of which Mr. Crafts is chairman, is to secure religious legislation, not only in the States, but in the national government as well. It will thus be seen that the work of this Bureau does not stop with an attempt to swing all the States " backward," but that this so-called " Reform Bureau " is also seeking to swing this nation " backward " by bringing about a union of church and state in this country. This work at our nation's capital is being  in the early days of this country, saw that this would be the result if such principles were carried to their logical outcome. This is shown by the memorial of the Presbytery of Hanover, in 1776, addressed to the gen-eral assembly of Virginia. It states that a civil magistrate can not attempt to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith with-out erecting a " chair of infallibility," which, it says, " would lead us back to the Church of Rome." Again we see that the ultimate end of the movement represented by the International Reform Bureau is to turn this nation " backward." While we agree with Mr. Crafts' state-ment that the States which persecute their citizens who may not practise the religion 