PERSECUTION FOR CONSCIENCE' SAKE Daniel praying in the lions' den. 46 LIBERTY proposition of 168,211. With such a recent and sweeping decision on that side of the ques-tion, to enact now a Sunday law in the name of the ' people of the State of California,' would be to fly in the very face of the voters who rolled up so great a majority against it only two years ago. " The people voted wisely on that initiative call; for there can be nothing uncivil in the act of plowing, or sowing grain, or gathering and caring for fruit, or even in the sale of goods over a counter. People in all walks of life, and of every religious creed, engage in such callings. Being accounted perfectly civil on the so-called working days, the question arises as to what can possibly make these acts uncivil when done on Sunday. Painly enough it is not the act performed which constitutes it a misdemeanor, but the day on which the act is done. Then on what ground has the state a right to determine the measure of a civil delinquency by the day on which it oc-curred? Š On no other basis than that a cer-tain sanctity is attached to the day called Sun-day. Such enactments, then, fall into the line of religious legislation, which was the bane of earlier centuries. " The initiative was invoked also in the  Oregon elections of 1916, to decide whether the people of that State desired a Sunday law to remain on their statute books. The act had been thoroughly tested for some years, and also had the backing of the church constit-uency, but the election returns of November 7 revealed a majority of 32,163 against the con-tinuance of that statute. Thus the citizens of that fair State were left free to choose, each for himself, whether he would wear the badge of religion or not, as conscience might direct. " The Question of Constitutionality " Article 1, Section 21, of the constitution of California, provides that 'no special privi-leges or immunities shall ever be granted which may not be altered, revoked, or repealed by the legislature, nor shall any citizen, or class of citizens, be granted privileges or immuni-ties, which upon the same terms shall not be granted to all citizens.' " An examination of the bill under consider-ation reveals its intention to grant privileges and immunities to some citizens and classes of citizens which are denied to others. For example, it provides that mills, factories, bake-houses, barber shops, and all workshops which operate for profit, shall close business on Sun-day. Yet certain businesses which do operate for profit, but are called daily necessities, are exempted from the penalty provided in the bill. Among these are theaters and saloons. With no attempt to pass judgment on the morality of these callings, one may candidly ask as to what proportion of the citizens of California have these become ' daily necessi-ties.' " Ice-cream parlors may be kept open, and freely dispense their dainties for cash, but should a grocery open to sell a loaf of bread to a hungry man, which is really a daily ne-cessity, according to the proposed law, some one must pay a fine of at least ten dollars, or be imprisoned in the county jail for thirty days or less. This cannot possibly be made to appear as equitable legislation. It is grant-ing to some citizens privileges and immunities not granted to others on the same terms, and thus the bill is made irreconcilable with the constitution, which every legislator is sworn to uphold in his legislative duties. " A Religious Discrimination " Upon examination of the religious exemp-tion, there appears a very strange proviso. The penalty provided in the bill makes it in-cumbent on the persons exempted therefrom for religious reasons to be members of a re-ligious society which observes some other day than Sunday as its day of worship. It is not enough that one religiously observes some other day than Sunday, but he must be a mem-ber of some religious society which observes the same day. 