4 (r.54) LIBERTY from the Roman Catholic Church, and it proposes to fight that church and all Protestant churches to the death. How Christianity Was Established in Russia The Russian church began its career under force, and it has continued to exercise force in matters of religion from that time to this,Š one thousand years. When the ruler of Russia embraced Christianity, at Kief, about one thousand years ago, the people were driven in throngs to the river Dnieper to be bap-tized. It was not a matter of individual volition, or of choice, or belief, or of conscience. The emperor simply ac-cepted the Greek religion, and told all his subjects to accept it also. Whatever force was needed, from the army or from the civil power, was used, and the peo-ple " were made Christians "Š by com-pulsion. That is the way they started, and thus they continue to this day. The Russian people know nothing about a religion of choice, of conviction, of con-science. The czar of Russia is the nominal head of the church, which numbers about 9o,000,000 adherents. In him the two powers, the church and the state, meet ; and twice every day, in every church in Russia, the officiating priest offers a certain prescribed prayer for Czar Nicholai. The czar directs the affairs of the church through the Holy Synod. In reality he knows very little about the affairs of the church ; but the power which the czar represents stands behind the minister of the interior, who looks after all the civil arrangements of the church. The minister of the interior is the man who uses the sword of the state to advance the interests of the church. The Holy Synod is the governing power in Russia. It is an absolute des-potism, controlling everything of a relig-ious character. The czar, through the minister of the interior, sees that all the decrees of the Holy Synod are put into execution. In every province there is  a bishop, appointed by the Holy Synod ; and this bishop, with his " consistory," which is also appointed by the Holy Synod, has charge of everything educa-tional or religious in that province. They have also the authority of censorship. That consistory has power to permit or to prohibit the circulation of literature, and to say who shall preach and who shall not. To carry on missionary op-erations of any kind, without the per-mission of this committee, is equivalent to inviting a prison sentence, and the operation of these laws has caused the imprisonment of many God-fearing evan-gelicals. Russia is a country of cathedrals and shrines. We are told that there are 35o cathedrals in Moscow alone, and shrines are everywhere. When a Russian ap-proaches one of these shrines, he makes the sign of the cross, with two fingers and the thumb. Thousands have been exterminated because they advocated us-ing two fingers without the thumb. In Moscow I saw a painting represent-ing a countess starting on her journey into exile. She was tied on a sled with ropes, and the horse was drawing her away. She was pale and emaciated from imprisonment; but as she went, she was holding up two fingers, as her last word of counsel to her followers to die for that way of making the sign of the cross. The real religion of the Greek church is form and ceremony. The Russian knows nothing about heart religion, noth-ing of a personal Saviour. He never has what is known as a " religious experi-ence." The idea of the religion of Jesus Christ in his heart, making of him a new man, taking away his old nature, and giving him victory over sin, does not enter into the conception of a member of the Russian church. I have seen Russians walking along the street, using profane language. When they ap-proached a shrine, they would pull off their caps, make the sign of the cross, and the next moment be in a wine shop ; 