Religious Liberty in Mexico G. W. CAVINESS WHEN the Spaniards landed in that part of the New World which now con-stitutes the country of Mexico, they found a state of civilization much in ad-vance of that of the Indian tribes far-ther north. The settled nations of Mexico had attained to a highly organized gov-ernment. There was a system of courts  were given to religious matters, and the sacrificial stone of the tcocalli, or temple, of Mexico, is still to be seen in the mu-seum of Mexico City. The calendar of religious festivals has been preserved, and indicates that every month of twenty days there were one or more celebrations, or religious feasts. In these festivals CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL, MEXICO CITY, BUILT ON THE RUINS OF AN AZTEC TEMPLE of law that administered justice, and lands were set apart for the maintenance of the judges. Pyramids rivaling those of Egypt, and cities so long buried that the houses and palaces appeared like great mounds of earth, bore witness to the fact that an-other earlier race had preceded those found by the Spanish conquerors. Of these ancient races there remains no his-tory except what can be gathered by a study of the vast ruins found in various parts of the country. The religion of the Mexicans whom Cortes found was pagan sun-worship. Vast temples, or pyramids, still bear wit-ness to the fact that much time and labor  there were processions, prayers, music, and dancing, culminating with human sacrifices. The victim was taken to the top of the temple, or pyramid, seized by the priests, and his heart cut out and offered to the god, his flesh serving for a cannibal feast. The Spanish conquerors changed this somewhat, but their methods were those by which the Catholic Church has often made her converts. When Cortes had overpowered the Mexicans, he ordered his soldiers to enter the temples and throw out their images and put in those of the church. Mass was said, and the people, with scarcely any instruction, were sprinkled and made Catholics. It 63 