''111111 i 11111 111)il 1,) '.11\1 1 ill ,i'Ł 1110,111I I0111  iilili iii Y iui SO HAS THE PROFITEER upon the poor and helpless of his own communion, and order them to vacate be-cause he can get his price. The petty grocer, milkman, and restaurant-keeper have no shame when they increase their profits from 200 to 300 per cent on certain necessary commodities. The re-straints and barriers of a high morality and a clean public con-science have been broken down, and lust is given full sway. All this is a sad commentary, and has a tendency to sap the general morale of the nation. When a desperate war threatens the very exist-ence of the nation, and the young men of promise and hope are drafted into the service to lay down their lives in defense of their country, it ill becomes those who remain at home to en- gage in oonscienceless profiteer-ing; especially is this true when it must be at the expense of those who are bearing the heaviest re-sponsibilities and making the greatest sacrifices. These money sharks are really swallowing up their own kin and making war on their own home folks. The individual who is guilty of profiteering at such a time would betray his country if he were given his price. He is un-true to his God and his country. He belongs to the same class as did Judas, who sold his Master and all his hopes for the future, for thirty pieces of silver. Some men denounce Judas for selling and betraying his Master for such a paltry sum of money, but many today who make just as loud a profession of religion, are selling out a good deal cheaper than did Judas. Whether, how-ever, we sell out for much or little, makes no difference in final results. The Government is trying to purge the petty as well as the big profi-teers out of the nation, but the American asks: " What are the churches for the well-to-do doing in the work of cleansing the temple of the Shylocks that have risen in swarms in these times? They should, they must, co-operate with the President of the United States, with the nation itself, and with the demands of the times for a democratization of the population in the essential facts of honesty and co-opera-tion. Yet at the very moment young men by the million are going to the front, and the people as a whole are giving, some of them their all, for the cause of making the world fit to live in, this tribe of money-worshiping Ishmael-ites are holding official posts in the church, and are posing as the supports of virtue while wear-ing the livery of heaven to serve Satan in. The condition, which is not general, but always diffi-cult, is now alarming. Hence the cry of St. James is the cry of today to the churches to purge themselves of the leaven of unbelief that is represented by the individuals whose one aim is to widen their phylacteries that they may be seen of men, while they devour widows' houses." " Let the watchmen on the walls of 