34 LIBERTY government and exempt from its cogni-zance. A connection between the two is injurious to both." The only basis upon which the civil officers and church offi-cers can get along without being a men-ace to each other, and can fulfil their respective offices in state and church, justly, peaceably, and without partiality, is the only safe and wise platform, de- dared by the great Galilean Prophet, the greatest Teacher among men, when he uttered those immortal words : " Render therefore unto Cxsar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Here is separation for us; and what God has put asunder, let not man join together. South Lancaster, Mass. tv tv The Statue of Liberty, the Gift of France to America A. J. SAXBY BOURDEAU THE subject of the cover design for this number of LIBERTY is well known to every American. Bartholdi's famous Statue of Liberty, or Liberty Enlighten-ing the World, on Bedloes Island, in New York harbor, was presented by France to the American government in commem-oration of the centenary of its independ-ence. It was dedicated Oct. 28, 1886, and stands to-day as a great token of the devotion of the French nation to the American principles of civil and religious liberty. Some time ago, when visiting this monument, the writer copied the following inscription, not frequently quoted nowadays, found upon the in-side wall at the foot of the statue : Š The New Colossus " Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame, With conquering limbs astride from land to land, Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name Mother of exiles. From her beacon hand Glows world-wide welcome ; her mild eyes command The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame. " Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp ! ' cries she With silent lips. Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me. I lift my lamp beside the door.' " We are told that thousands of immi-grants from other lands Š the oppressed classes Š anxiously watch for a first glimpse of this emblem of freedom, tears staining the faces of many as they first view its form through the gloom of the early morning. May the pledge of lib-erty made by this Statue of Liberty to the oppressed of all nations never be broken by the American nation. If America's liberties are ever destroyed, it will be by those forces that stand for a union of religion and the state. 