LIBERTY 9 body is rested and refreshed, and the soul likewise. The Sab-bath communion of the soul with God is the surest and strongest guaranty against that tendency of the natural heart away from God and into idol-atry, doubt, and spiritual death. But when the day is used for work, and a large portion of the night is used either for work or for pleasure, and the hours of the Sabbath are used to make up the rest of which the system has been robbed during the previous six days, the Sabbath loses its significance, the soul loses the spiritual refreshment which is its due, and the purpose of the Creator in giving the Sabbath is frustrated. The Sabbath is Jehovah's me-morial of creation. He who keeps it in harmony with the purpose of the Almighty in giv-ing it, can never forget him. All nature then proclaims him. He who is the author of the Sabbath is the author of creation also, and gave us the Sabbath that in keeping it we might remember him. To reduce it to a mere resting period is to rob it of its signifi-cance and us of our greatest shield against apostasy, idolatry, and soul ruin. C. M. S. Ł .111. Ł How Sunday Laws Have Treated Christian Men MANY fail to see how Sunday laws can bring about a union of church and state, or result in persecution. Those who think that they will, have been told by members of Congress that they are " unnecessarily alarmed," and " fright-ened at shadows." This doubtless reflects the views of many, both in and out of Congress. WILLIAM III, EMPEROR OF GERMANY Many years ago we predicted and pub-lished to the world that the movement in this country to unite church and state and enforce Sunday observance by law would, if successful, result in persecution and oppression to conscientious observers of the seventh day. The National Re- formers, who were behind this move-ment, saw no danger in it, and assured us that no harm could come from Sunday laws and their enforcement. They said : Š From the beginning of the National Reform movement, they [ Seventh-day Adventists] have regarded it as the first step toward the persecution which they, as observers of the seventh day, will en-dure when our sabbath laws are revived and enforced. One can but smile at their apprehension of the success of a move-ment which would not harm a hair of their heads; but their fears were sincere 