Street Scene near Warwick Castle, Early in the Seventeenth Century Puritanical Tendencies of Local Authorities, Lay and Ecclesiastical, in the Later Tudor and Early Stuart Period MR. A. H. A. HAMILTON, in his Quar-ter Sessiond from Queen Elizabeth to Queen Anne (London, 1878) cites (pp. 28, 29) from the Devon records an inter-esting early instance of Puritanism on the part of the local authorities, acting, it would appear, at the instigation of the church. It is an order made July, 1595, at a session held in the chap-ter house of Exeter,Ñ" the bishop apparently being in the chair,"Ñ declaring: " Church of parish ales, revels, May games, plays, and such other unlawful assemblies of the people of sundry parishes unto one parish on the Sabbath day and other times, is a special cause that many disorders, contempts of law, and other enormities, are there perpetrated and committed, to the great profanation of the Lord's Saboth,' the dishonour of Almighty God, increase of bastardy and of dissolute life, and of very many other mischiefs and inconven-iences, to the great hurt of the commonwealth. [It was] therefore ordered that these assem-blies shall be abolished on the Sabbath, that  there shall be no drink used, kept, or uttered' upon the Sabbath at any time of the day, nor upon any holiday or festival in the time of di-vine service or the preaching of the Word, aor at any time in the night season; nor yet that there shall be any Mynstralsy of any sort, Dauncyng, or suche wanton Dallyanees, used at the said May games.' " In January, 1599, the justices went so far as to order " that parish ales, church ales and revels should be utterly suppressed," and a market which had been held on the " Saboth " at East Budleigh was also abolished. The query naturally arises, How widespread was this attitude this enforcement of a strict observance of the Sabbath, and this at-tempt, on the part of the magistrates and the Church of England clergy, before the Puritan regime had really become dominant, to put down certain pot-valiant and ludibrious cus-toms which had flourished in Merrie England time out of mind? An examination of such ex-tracts from local records and from private 14 