LIBERTY 11 It would have been well for the Fed-eration of Labor, before taking that vote, to ask, " Which is the more serious prop-osition, the destruction of these indus-tries, or the destruction of an army of human beings as the result of the product of these industries?" To illustrate the absurdity of the fed-eration argument, suppose that Greater New York should be threatened by some terrible epidemic, which the citizens were employing vigorous measures to prevent ; and suppose a federation of managers of hospitals, physicians, and nurses of the city should vote against this movement for the suppression of the epidemic be-cause they feared that many of their profession would be thrown out of em-ployment by which they earned their livelihood. All can see that such a proposition, when applied to any other profession or industry than that of the liquor traffic, would be too ridiculous to consider for a moment. We believe that where the need ex-isted, the State of Missouri would be abundantly able to come to the rescue of those who might be thrown out of em-ployment by the success of the prohibi-tion movement, until they were able to find employment in more reputable and profitable industries. K. C. R. Ł ŁŁ11111Ł-Ł National Reformers Outlaw Conscience To the writer the most striking feature of the recent National Reform Conven-tion at Winona Lake, Ind., was the bold proposition of the president of the asso-ciation to outlaw individual conscience in this land of boasted religious freedom, and the able seconding of his program by all the speakers, save two. Rev. F. F. De Long, whose chief work is exposing the pretensions of Romanism and warning against her work, seemed to take firm ground against compulsion in religion ; and Dr. J. K. McClurkin, in  his address on " John Knox and His Banner," made a good argument for the freedom of the individual in the matter of conscience. The bold and consistent stand of John Knox for liberty of belief and the right to teach the gospel unhin-dered by a religion-and-state government, was ably set forth by this speaker. His example was held up as worthy of the imitation of every Christian; but this ad-dress seemed strikingly out of place in an institute of this character, whose pur-pose is the very same as that of the in-tolerant queen Š uniformity in religion. In spite of the edicts of that queen, John Knox preached the gospel in Scotland ; and in spite of the intolerant program of the National Reform Association, and the Federal Council of Churches, which has adopted its principles, the closing gospel message of the Christian dispensation will be given to the world. It will mean oppression and persecution, even as it did in the days of John Knox, and the Na-tional Reform Association and its allies will occupy the place and assume the role of Scotland's intolerant and execrated queen. What that ruler demanded was uniformity in religion. She considered her religion good enough for her realm. Uniformity of belief on the part of her subjects was a matter of greater moment to her than individual liberty in matters of faith and conscience; so she overrode the consciences of Knox and his follow-ers, proscribed him and his religion, and made them outcasts from the realm. The reader will note, in the polished phrases of the president of the National Reform Association which follow, the same set purpose as that of Scotland's queen: Š Uniformity is essential both to peace and progress. The opinion of the ma-jority must be decisive. Even in the matter of men's consciences, a degree of uniformity is necessary. We would al-low the greatest amount of individual 