128  LIBERTY GOVERNOR Cox is reported to have said in one of his speeches that " morals can-not easily be produced by statute." This is true, but the governor might have gone still farther without fear of successful contradiction ; he might have left out the " easily." OUR cover design is a faithful repre-sentation, in two colors, of the " May-flower," a little vessel of only one hun-dred eighty tons, which carried the Pil-grims in safety from Plymouth, England, to the site of a new town of the same name which they were destined to found. The company sailing on the " May-flower " numbered one hundred souls, men, women, and children. The original design of the leaders of this company was to find a home on the banks of the Hudson RiVer, but Providence decreed otherwise, and Dec. 21, 1620, they landed upon the shores of Cape Cod, where they founded the first New England colony. SOME people would have us believe that Sunday laws are not religious. But no Sunday law can be enacted or drafted which is not religious. The very fact that such a law forbids acts upon the first day of the week which are not wrong in themselves, but are merely con-sidered wrong because done on Sunday, shows that the law is intended to pro-tect the day, not to prohibit a wrong act. The purpose of civil law is to restrain the vicious and punish the guilty. A thing that is. wrong from a civil view-point on one day is wrong on all days. The man who attempts to coerce one of his fellow men into honoring a day be-cause of its supposed sanctity, is endeav-oring to control the actions of others in their relation to their God. Whenever men have set themselves as God's aveng-ers, they have always brought persecu-tion to bear upon those who did not agree with them. Honest work under any circumstances, is not opposed to the best principles of  civil government. But popular custom, tradition; the decrees of church councils and of civil magistrates, have made Sun-day a religious day, and any law for its protection is a religious law. W. F. M. tV tV it1 THE principle of religious liberty is so opposed to the kingdom of darkness that, as long as that kingdom exists, warfare must continue between them. Therefore, in view of the fact that nearly all the in-dividual States of this nation are at the present time committed to the opposite principle through their own constitutions or legislative enactments, it should not surprise us if history should repeat it-self in this country, and religious oppres-sion be witnessed here again. tV tV fig Sentenced to State Prison IT will be recalled by LIBERTY readers that shortly after the shooting on Tangier Island, Va., featured in our issue for the third quarter of 1920, we expressed the opinion that Virginia law as defined by the higher courts of that State would not uphold the Tangier Sun-day ordinance or its enforcement at the point of a revolver. The following dis-patch, which appeared in the Washington Herald at the conclusion of the trial in the circuit court sitting in Accomac County, fully justifies that opinion : Carl Connorton, Tangier Island deputy sheriff, yesterday convicted of unlawfully shooting Ro-land Parks because he failed to go to church, was today denied a new trial by Judge James H. Fletcher, and sentenced to one year in the penitentiary." It would be impossible to get along without peace officers, and they are to be honored and sustained in the dis-charge of their duties; but unfortunately it is too often the case that unsafe men are found in such positions, men who seem to regard themselves as superior to the laws they are commissioned to en- force.  B. W !V 01 REPENTANCE is always an individual act. 