co LIBERTY 41 Civil Citizenship and Christian Citizenship CITIZENSHIP is "the state of being vested with the rights and privileges of a citizen."ŠWEBSTER. CHARLES E. STURDEVANT Differs From Civil Citizenship CIVIL CITIZENSHIP is the state of being vested with the rights and privileges of an inhabitant of a town, city, or place, in this world. The law of civil citizenship is the law of the municipality or state. This law is human, and therefore fallible. The law of civil citizenship is the civil law of humanity. This law is the law of force. Transgression of the law of civil cit-izenship is called crime. The law of civil citizenship being hu-man, fallible, may be erring ; and there-fore one might be a criminal in the eyes of the law, and not be a sinner. A loyal civil citizen is called a patriot, or one who loves an earthly country, and zealously supports and defends it, and is willing to lay down his life for it. The weapons of a loyal, patriotic civil citizen are carnal, and mighty according to the strength of the government of which he is a citizen, to the overturning of the purposes of men. The sword of the civil citizen is a sword of polished steel. Civil citizens are separate from other nations in this world. The civil citizen of Rome is not of America, even as Rome is not of America. Civil citizenship is not in heaven, but on earth. The civil citizen can not enforce the law of love, which is the only law of Christian citizenship. For the civil citizen not to enforce the civil law would be to defeat civil govern-ment. Christian Citizenship CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP iS the state of being vested with the rights and privi-leges of an inhabitant of the New Jeru-salem, in the world to come. The law of Christian citizenship is the law of the kingdom of Christ. This law is divine, and therefore infallible. The law of Christian citizenship is the moral law of Jehovah, whose law is the law of love. Transgression of the law of Christian citizenship is called sin. The law of Christian citizenship is divine, infallible, unerring; and therefore one might be a sinner Š a violator of God's law Š and not be a criminal Š a violator of human law. A loyal Christian citizen may be called a patriot, or one who loves the heavenly country, and zealously adheres to and advocates its cause, and loves not his life even unto death. The weapons of a loyal Christian cit-izen are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of the strong-holds of Satan. The sword of the Christian citizen is the Sword of the Spirit Š the Word of God. Christian citizens are separate from all nations in this world ; 'for, as Christ said. " My kingdom is not of this world." The Christian citizen of Christ's king-dom is not of this world, even as Christ is not of this world. Christian citizenship is not on earth. but in heaven. The Christian citizen will not enforce the law of love, but will practise it him-self, and advocate it to others. For the Christian citizen to enforce the moral law would be to defeat Chris-tian government. 