"4 LIBERTY session of Congress, six religious bills have been introduced, and four measures which seek to take away the freedom of the press. Four of these six religious bills aim to compel all the citizens of the District of Columbia to observe Sunday as a holy day. Two of these measures aim to establish the Christian religion, with all its laws and usages, as a part of the fundamental law of the land. Several hundred thousand protests have been sent to Congress against all these objectionable bills, and thus far Congress has refused to yield to the de-mands for Sunday laws and the restric-tion of the freedom of the press, although more than one hundred and fifty such bills have been introduced in Congress during the last thirty years. We are glad that we have had some part in preventing this kind of legislation. " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty " and our magazine will continue, as in the past, fearlessly to champion this cause. The recently issued LIBERTY Extra, which contains petitions against the above - mentioned objectionable bills, ought to be freely circulated until the fourth of March, 1917. C. S. L. w 4.1:4 General Sunday Law Crusade in Operation FROM more than a score of States we have received newspaper reports during the past month of Sunday law crusades which were instigated by religious or-ganizations and the liquor interests. The motive back of the movement of the re-ligious organizations is to enforce their peculiar religious views upon all others, and the object of the liquor interests is to discredit the prohibition movement and make it odious. It is reported that the liquor interests of Pontiac, Ill., recently had a dealer in groceries arrested in that city for selling a loaf of bread on Sunday. The defend-ant appeared for himself before the court without an attorney. The prosecuting  attorney cited a similar case which had been decided by the Illinois Supreme Court, condemning the selling of bread on Sunday. With this instruction the jury took the bread case, and in a few minutes returned a verdict of guilty of a misdemeanor, and the defendant was fined. Now that we may not lose the moral of this incident : That same supreme court has ruled that candy and tobacco stores and soda fountains are a necessity on Sunday, while the selling of a loaf of bread to the hungry is a crime. " 0 Con-sistency! thou art a jewel." In many other places the ministerial associations and the Lord's Day Alliance are carrying on veritable crusades after the rigid Puritanical type. These self-styled modern " reformers " seem to be afflicted by periodical attacks of super-righteous spasms whenever they can con-trol a municipal council or a city mayor. It is the same old story, that whenever the church leaders enter into politics, the)' become intoxicated with power, and start persecution of their fellow men who hap-pen to differ from their religious notions.  Recently upright citizens have been at-rested and fined in different parts of the State of Pennsylvania for selling bread to the hungry, milk for the thirsty infant. ice to cool the fevered brow; for gather-ing produce out of the garden for a Sunday repast; for selling gasoline to stranded automobilists ; and for indulging in innocent recreation. We are glad to note that not all the clergy in the State of Pennsylvania are in sympathy with the Sunday law crusade as it is being conducted by the Lord's Day Alliance. At least one daring clergyman in Phil-adelphia who was threatened with arrest by the Lord's Day Alliance for indulging in a little recreation with the boys of his parish on Sunday afternoons, has challenged his fellow clergymen to do their worst with the antiquated blue law of 1794. The interesting report of this ministerial controversy appears elsewhere in this magazine. C. S. L. 