LIBERTY 31 NOTE AND COMMENT THE clergy of San Bernardino, Cali-fornia, petitioned the city council to en-act a Sunday-closing law, but the coun-cil refused. Itt 111 EX-PRESIDENT TAFT, though in favor of the League of Nations, sees certain limitations in it. He says : " It will not accomplish the millennium. It will not abolish war. The machinery of it will not work without considerable creaking. It will doubtless fail in some cases where its framers hoped it might be very ef-fective." tV THE report of the Senate committee on the steel strike states the new economic policy of the paramountcy of the public interest with admirable clearness in these words : " There is no place in this coun-try for industrial despotism or labor despotism. No one should be permitted to unjustly cause the great body of the public to suffer." stE A SUNDAY law case is pending before the court in Georgia. An old man past seventy years of age, a Seventh-day Ad-ventist, who has not been able to work more than two days a week on the aver-age, on account of his health, was ar-rested at the instigation of a jealous re-ligionist for doing a little work about his premises on Sunday. ME OE Of " WE find ourselves preparing for the next war when the ink is hardly dry on the still unratified Treaty of Peace," says the Kobe (Japan) Chronicle, and further remarks that " at present Japan is defi-nitely preparing for war with either Britain or America, and America or Britain are preparing for war with Japan. It is true, none of these nations want war, but they want to be able to dictate to one another in certain disputes which may arise." THE people of Calipatria, a town in the Imperial Valley, California, voted upon the question of a compulsory Sun-day rest, and defeated the proposed or-dinance. Editorial Brevities THE golden rule was never more needed and never more violated than at the present day. tŁV CHRIST established his church to save sinners by the preaching of the gospel, and not to persecute them by the power of civil statutes. fŁV HUMAN nature is human nature the world over. Time and place may polish it, but can never change it. An acorn will never produce an apple tree. ONE thing is certain, Whoever is wrong, the persecutor can never be right. Compulsion and torment are the basic principles of the religion of the syna-gogue of Satan. ot A PURE church that dabbles in politics, cannot escape corruption any more than a woman immaculately clothed can pre-serve the whiteness of her dress while dragging it through a muddy street. IV OE IV ONE reason why the church and the state ought never to unite is because the church is ordained to love and save the sinner, while the state is established to be a terror to the evil-doer and to pun-ish him. Of tt( THE church that enters politics and seeks dominance in temporal matters, is likely to share the fate of the lamb that enters the lion's den. The Greek Church of Russia and the Roman Cath-olic Church of Mexico present striking object lessons of such experiments. 