10 LIBERTY sonality by the offices of religion, and thus we have a new and imperative ground for the existence of a state religion. This is certainly good National Reform doctrine. We doubt if any of the present-day advocates of the moral accountability of the nation could make a better argument in favor of such teaching. But let us read Macaulay's reply. He said: Š A new ground, certainly, but whether very imperative may be doubted. Is it not perfectly clear that this argument applies with just as much force to every combina-tion of human beings for a common pur-pose, as to governments ? Is there any such combination in the world, whether technic-ally a corporation or not, which has not this collective personality from which Mr. Gladstone deduces such extraordinary con-sequences? Look at banks, insurance offices, dock companies, canal companies, gas companies, hospitals, dispensaries, as-sociations for the relief of the poor, asso-ciations for apprehending malefactors, as-sociations of medical pupils for procuring subjects, associations of country gentlemen for keeping foxhounds, books societies, ben-efit societies, clubs of all ranks, from those which have lined Pall-Mall and St. James's Street with their palaces, down to the " Free-and-Easy " which meets in the shabby parlor of a village inn. Is there a single one of these combinations to which Mr. Gladstone's argument will not apply as well as to the state? In all these combina-. tions Š in the Bank of England, for ex-ample, or in the Atheneum Club Š the will and agency of the society are one, and bind the dissentient minority. The Bank and the Atheneum have a good faith and a justice different from the good faith and justice of the individual members. The Bank is a person to those who deposit bul-lion with it. The Atheneum is a person to the butcher and the wine-merchant. If the Atheneum keeps money at the Bank, the two societies are as much persons to each other as England and France. Either society may increase in prosperity; either may fall into difficulties. If, then, they have this unity of will; if they are capable of doing and suffering good and evil, can we, to use Mr. Gladstone's words, " deny their responsibility, or their need of a relig-ion to meet that responsibility ? " Joint-stock banks, therefore, and clubs, having a personality, lie under the necessity of sanctifying that personality by the offices of religion ; " and thus we have " a new and imperative ground " for requiring all the directors and clerks of joint-stock  banks, and all the officers of clubs, to qual-ify by taking the sacrament. The truth is that Mr. Gladstone has fallen into an error very common among men of less talents than his own. It is not unusual for a person who is eager to prove a particular proposition, to assume a major [premise] of huge extent, which includes that particular proposition, without ever reflecting that it includes a great deal more.  The fatal facility with which Mr. Glad-stone multiplies expressions stately and so-norous, but of indeterminate meaning, emi-nently qualifies him to practise this sleight on himself and on his readers. He lays down broad and general doctrines about power, when the only power of which he is thinking is the power of governments,Šabout conjoint action, when the only con-joint action of which he is thinking is the conjoint action of citizens in a state. He first resolves on his conclusion. He then makes a major [premise] of most compre-hensive dimensions; and, having satisfied himself that it contains his conclusion, never troubles himself about what else it may contain. And as soon as we examine it, we find that it contains an infinite num-ber of conclusions, every one of which is a monstrous absurdity.. . . Of course Mr. Gladstone has a perfect right to argue any abstract question, pro-vided that he will constantly bear in mind that it is only an abstract question that he is arguing. Whether a perfect govern-ment would or would not be a good ma-chinery for the propagation of religious truth is certainly a harmless, and may, for aught we know, be an edifying subject of inquiry. But it is very important that we should remember that there is not, and never has been, and such government in the world. There is no harm at all in inquiring what course a stone thrown into the air would take, if the law of gravitation did not operate. But the consequences would be unpleasant, if the inquirer, as soon as he had finished his calculation. were to begin to throw stones about in all directions without considering that his con-clusion rests on a false hypothesis; and that his projectiles, instead of flying away through infinite space, will speedily return in parabolas, and break.  the windows and heads of his neighbors. Conclusion It is said ,that Lord Macaulay's argu- ments were so convincing that Mr. Glad- stone revised his whole view of state per- sonality and moral accountability, and never wrote in defense of an established 