42 LIBERTY Sunday laws are enacted to protect a " day." 12. Every lover of genuine Christian-ity will oppose any effort to enforce a religious observance. The Christian re-ligion is a religion of love and not of force. 13. The Constitution prohibits Con-gress from making any religious law. Sunday laws are religious, and therefore unconstitutional. 14. Congress decided rightly respect-ing Sunday legislation eighty years ago, when, in its famous " Sunday Mail Re-ports," it said : Š " If the principle is once established that religion, or religious Ł observances, shall be interwoven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it to its ultimatum. We shall, if consistent, provide for the erection of edifices for worship of the Creator, and for the support of Chris-tian ministers, if we believe such meas-ures will promote the interests of Christianity." " Our Constitution recognizes no other power than that of persuasion, for enforcing religious observances." " If Congress shall, by the authority of law, sanction the measure recom-mended, it would constitute a legislative decision of a religious controversy, in which even Christians themselves are at issue." " The Constitution regards the con-science of the Jew as sacred as that of the Christian, and gives no more author-ity to adopt a measure affecting the con-science of a solitary individual than that of a whole community." Conclusion No greater wrong can man do to man than to trample upon the rights of con-science. No greater calamity can come to church or state than the evils result-ing from a union of the two. So long as a church remains pure, it does not seek the power of the state for the furtherance of its ends. With the Word of God in its hand, it appeals only to the hearts and consciences of men. So long as it holds only to Bible truth, it asks  for no laws enforcing its faith and prac-tise. But when it departs from the faith, then it asks that the strong arm of the civil power shall come to its aid, and dissenters are made to feel the hand of oppression. This is what is wrapped up in this Sunday-law movement. This is what we shall see in this land if this move-ment succeeds. In the interests of peace, prosperity, pure religion, and good government, therefore, we appeal to every lover of liberty to oppose this movement. Are Sunday Laws Police Regulations? G. B. THOMPSON What an Earlier Congress Thought of It WHEN the Johnston Sunday bill was being considered in the United States Senate previous to its passage, it was denominated a " proper police regula-tion," and therefore pronounced a proper subject for Congressional legis-lation. Various amendments were of-fered which tended somewhat to ob-scure its religious character. It is a source of sincere regret that the statesmen of the present time do not have that clear perception in this mat-ter which characterized the statesmen in the earlier and formative period of the government. When in 1829 the Senate rendered an adverse report on the bill asking that the carrying of the mail on Sunday be prohibited, they did not call it a " police regulation," but gave as the reason why Congress could not rightfully pass the measure, that it involved the " decision of a religious controversy." They saw in it a union of church and state. They said : Š " Should Congress in legislative ca-pacity adopt the sentiment [stop the transportation of mail on Sunday], it would establish the principle that the legislature is a proper tribunal to de-termine what are the laws of God. " Š Senate Report, 1829. 