.411=11,14¥¥¥041.1M¥004=1.1-MMI.41,101M0.11M.-0.Ó11.M¥04MWIMME.0411¥WINN=000.="1-MED.11¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥M.0.111110.1.1¥110.0.¥¥¥¥ LIBERTY:   1.11M0-11-rthe  1¥111¥.1 " Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Ltv. 25: 10. VoL. VIII  FOURTH QUARTER, 1913  No. 4 Christian Citizenship L. A. SMITH THE church has undertaken to save the world today by means of " Christian citizenship." By this expression is meant the application of Christian rules ¥ of conduct by Christians to political af-fairs. The great trouble with the world to-day, say the advocates of Christian citi-zenship, is that Christians do not apply their Christianity in public affairs. They do not at the polls, in the legislature, and in public office, put their religion into practise. They allow the government to be run very largely by bad men upon bad principles, when it might be run by good men upon Christian principles. In Christian countries good men, we are told, are really in the majority, and could control the affairs of government if they only would. We are told that if Christians everywhere would only wake up and take an active interest in politics, they could vote bad men out of office and good men in, who would make and en-force righteous laws, and the evils that afflict society would soon be remedied. It is the mission of the church to save the world, and by " Christian citizen-ship " this salvation is to be effected. The cities are to be reformed, all pub-lic offices are to be filled by Christians, Christian laws are to be enacted and en-forced, and the wholesale regeneration of  human society is to be brought about. They will admit that the old-time method of individual regeneration by means of a change of heart, is good to a degree, but altogether too slow for the present age, when the great need is to secure Christian government and estab-lish Christian states. ¥ The chief trouble with this program is that it is contrary to Scripture and to the mind of God. Jesus Christ never commissioned his church to save the world by means of " Christian citizenship." The great gos-pel commission says nothing about re-forming governments and saving king-doms, but only about preaching the gos-pel of salvation by faith. The Bible says nothing about salvation by the ballot, but it does say much about salvation by the cross of Christ. The Bible nowhere says that the saints are to outvote the sinners and thus effect the world's salvation, but it does say that true Christians are the salt of the earth. If there had been found ten righteous men in Sodom, God would not have des-troyed the city. It is not necessary that the salt should even approximate in quan-tity the bulk of the substance which it preserves. But it is necessary that the salt should not lose its preserving quality. If the 