LIBERTY 33 hibiting the free exercise thereof." But he chose the longer, and more involved, course; and from that day to this, National Reformers have not failed to make the most of his words, dubbing the expression, " This is a Christian nation," a " decision," and exploiting it in every way possible, to the detriment of that perfect freedom of religious faith and profession guar-anteed by our National Constitution to every person within the territory of the United States, so far at least as Congressional action is concerned. This evil work of National Reform has been carried on for more than half a century, and the end is not yet; for it must be admitted that the movement is gaining ground, largely, it is true, through the carelessness and over-confidence of the great mass of the people, but gaining nevertheless. It is time that Ameri-cans should realize more fully than many of the present generation seem to do, that " eter-nal vigilance is the price of liberty." National " Reform " means and can mean nothing less than the establishment of Chris-tianity as the legal religion of the United States; and that means in turn that our courts shall decide all manner of religious questions, and that according to the National Reform interpretation of the Sacred Scriptures. The whole program is evil and only evil continually. The Causes of Bolshevism and the Remedy (Continued from page 88) The spirit of democracy in a democracy must enter into the military management of our Government as well as into the legislative, ju-dicial, and executive branches. The democratic principle must be substituted in place of the autocratic. Rank and position in a military democracy must not destroy the principle of essential justice and the civil right of equality of the citizen before the law. Likewise, the American capitalist must heed the voice of conscience, and not .oppress the laborer who makei possible the amassing of his fortune. Unless tyranny and injustice are eliminated from our dealings with our fellow men in our military, financial, and social rela-tions, we can expect no other fruitage in America than the rapid spread of the baneful doctrines of radical Socialism of the Bolshevist type. We must not bring our splendid form of government into ill repute by mismanagement and misapplication of its democratic principles. Let liberty, justice, and equality of right con- trol every function of the state in times of war as well as in times of peace, and we shall have found an effective remedy for the dreaded dis-eases Š racial Socialism and Bolshevism Š in  short of all " isms " of all sorts that strike down the rights of the individual in the sup-posed interests of society or of the nation. While Bolshevism attempts to correct one form of national injustice, it swings the pen-dulum o sovereignty to the other extreme, which is more destructive of the principles of essential justice than the system it endeavors to overthrow. No form of government can long endure that attempts to lift itself up by pulling down the pillars of the temple of jus-tice. Let us correct the abuses in the best form of government, that a worse form may not be thrust upon us. True Liberty Well Defined MERE is Ł and can be no conflict between legitimate civil government and legitimate civil liberty. This is not to say, however, that any man has an absolute right to do as he pleases, with-out reference to the equal rights of others. The game in the forests, the fish in the streams, the grass in the parks, etc., are com-mon property, and the rights of the individual are not invaded when he is forbidden to kill the game out of season, to catch the fish in a wasteful manner, or to walk upon the grass in the park. In all these things he is simply required to have proper regard for the equal rights of his fellows. We might go much farther than this, and say that coal and mineral deposits, water power, public water supplies, public utilities, etc., be-long, not to private individuals, nor yet to corporations, but to the whole people, and that they ought to be administered for the benefit of the people. Call this Socialism if you will. There are some good things in Socialism. There is, how-ever, Socialism and Socialism. The Socialism that seeks to make every man merely a cog in a great wheel, that would substitute communi-ties for families and hand out education, reli-gion, and about everything else ready-made, would be the worst kind of despotism. True liberty demands that the individual be left as free as possible, his liberty of thought, expres-sion, and action being limited only by the equal rights of his fellow man.Š Washington Post, May 10, 1918. DISTINCTIONS and special privileges based on birth and blood are the corner-stones of autoc-racy, but they have no place in the laws of a democracy which derives its " just powers from the consent of the governed." A true democ-racy liberates the hands from the chains and the soul from the fetters which have been put upon them for conscience' sake. 