NNMOM100.11.1m.amt.AWIteŁIrMIIIIIMOMM*IMO4MOINIbt/Mii Congress and Sunday Legislation .11.14111Ł104111Ł01111P414=0.M.11100ŁMMINII.IN=P-04111/4M00.11MIMINIIMŁ041=10011Ł40Ł04111M.041MOMMOIIONIall0041Mol. WILL the Sixty-fourth Congress be true to American principles of govern-ment, and refuse, as its predecessors have done, to enact questionable Sunday legis-lation ? or will it violate the wise prece-dents of the past, and enter upon the dangerous and forbidden path of religious and ecclesiastical controversy? Already one Sunday bill has been in-troduced in both House and Senate, and it is known that another, more general in its scope and more drastic in its pro-visions, has been prepared, and is to be introduced shortly. The bill referred to as already before Congress reads as follows : Š Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Relpresentatives of the United States of Amer-ica in Congress assembled, That from and after the passage of this Act it shall be unlawful for any person to open or allow to be opened or carry on business in any barber shop or place where the business of shaving, hair cutting, shampooing, or the like shall be conducted on Sunday in the District of Columbia; and any person or persons who shall violate the pro-visions of this Act upon conviction shall pay a fine of not exceeding $20, or in default thereof be imprisoned not exceeding sixty days, and for a second offense shall be imprisoned not exceeding sixty days. It may be thought by some that such measures have small chance of favorable consideration at a time when so many matters of surpassing moment are de-manding attention, but this is a mistake. It is at exactly such a time as this, when the attention of the leading members of Congress is so fully engrossed with larger matters, that objectionable legislation, relative to minor subjects, is most likely to be enacted. It is always by insidious steps, stealthy and silent approaches, that liberty is be- trayed, overborne, and destroyed in any nation. Only in ever ceaseless watchful-ness is there safety. The maxim, " Eter-nal vigilance is the price of liberty," is simply the sum of the lessons of human history. Our Government Not Religious in Character Our forefathers were jealous for their liberties, and they were especially so of the possible acts of the national legisla- ture, hence the First Amendment to the Constitution :Š Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances. That the words which we have ital-icized mean more than that there shall be no legally established church, is evi-dent not only from the language em-ployed,Š" Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion," etc.,Š but from the understanding of the men who were active in public life when the Constitution was adopted, and who were therefore in a position to know first-hand the intent of its framers. The treaty with Tripoli, communicated, to the Senate May 26, 1797, set forth among other things that " the government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian What the Amendment Forbids Mr. Madison, " the father of the Con-stitution," in his celebrated " Memorial I For verification of treaty and for facts concern-ing it, see " American State Papers," Class I, For-eign Relations, Vol. II, p. 18; " United States Stat-utes at Large," Vol. VIII, Foreign Treaties, p. 154. Making it a misdemeanor to keep open and conduct a barber shop or to work as a barber on Sundays and other holidays is an undue restraint of personal liberty, and is special legislation, based upon an arbitrary classification, and not a proper exercise of the police power, and is unconstitutional and void.Š Decision of Supreme Court of California, April 17, 1896. 57 