60  LIBERTY piivate man was held to be subject to the state, and bound to conform to the state religion and religious practice, the same as in more external affairs. The change of view that now obtains in civilized nations is purely and alto-gether the result of Christianity. The first one to declare the rights of the in-dividual was the great Head of the church, who said, " And if any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." The same can as truthfully be said of the first statement of the true re-lation that should exist between the church and the state. " Render there-fore unto Caesar the things which are Cxsar's; and unto God the things that are God's." A failure to recognize this  proper relation, instead of being Chris-tian, is heathen. Then again, the facts as stated above disprove the claims of infidelity to any priority in the advocacy of the rights of man. It is sad to have to acknowledge that the professed church of Christ has often forgotten this teaching of the Mas-ter, but no one while walking in the foot-steps of Christ has ever lifted the hand of persecution. On the contrary, the very fact of persecution is of itself an evidence of a failure to grasp the truth of Christianity. Persecution is the work-ing out of the principles of infidelity and heathenism, even though it be carried on in the name of religion. College Place, Wash. tv A Judicial Review of Sunday Legislation by the Supreme Court of North Carolina THE EDITOR MANY are not informed as to the past history and the origin of Sunday legislation. They do not know that Sun-day as a religious institution was trans-ferred from pagan Rome to papal Rome nearly four centuries after Christ, and that the early Christians observed the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, or Lord's Day, instead of the first day of the week. The supreme court of the State of North Carolina, in reversing the decisions of the lower courts to the effect that " a contract made on the Lord's Day was invalid, in that Chris-tianity is a part of the law of the land, and hence independent of any statute," reviewed the history of Sunday legisla-tion before delivering an opposite opinion of the court. In these days when Sabbatarians are fined, imprisoned, sentenced to chain gangs, and attempts made to force them to work on the Sabbath and rest on Sun-day, as has been done repeatedly in some States, and all on the basis " that Chris-tianity is a part of the law of the land," and that " the holy Christian sabbath [Sunday] must he uniformly ohcerved by the whole community at the same time," it is refreshing to have State su-preme courts overrule such drastic and -intolerant measures, and vindicate the guaranties of human rights and liberties set forth in the federal Constitution, which are so ruthlessly set aside by some State legislatures and lower courts. We set forth here the arguments and opinion of the presiding judge of the supreme court of North Carolina, in the case above mentioned. It is most inter-esting, inasmuch as it contains a judicial review of Sunday legislation. It is as follows: Ñ " Sunday legislation is more than fif-teen centuries old, and this historic ar-gument ' is of value in construing the existing law. All Sunday legislation is the product of pagan Rome ; the Saxon laws were the product of Middle-Age legislation of ' the Holy Roman Empire.' The English laws are the expansion of the Saxon, and the American are the transcript of the English. " The first Sunday law, the edict of the emperor Constantine, was the prod-TIrt of that paean conception. developed 