92 Ł LIBERTY Twentieth century civilization has merely added to their importance. When " all Christian laws, institutions, and usages " are placed on an " unde-niably legal basis " in America, we shall see persecution as terrible as that of pre-Re formation days. Baptism, commun-ion, the mass, confession, penance, wor-ship of the Virgin Mary; the observance of Easter, Good Friday, Christmas, and other feast days of obligation; feet wash-ing, public confession to Christ, and many other duties, fall within the term " Christian laws, institutions, and us-ages." All these are observed by no one church. The moment the state attempts to define which shall be observed, it es-tablishes religion by law, and with the most powerful church element dominant, must go on and on in an evil course, com-pelling all smaller sects to sub- VOTES FAVORING SUN DAY REST BILL 2 90 674 d  tian citizens, whose only offense was Sun-day labor. Some of these persons have been worked in chain gangs with com-mon criminals, some have languished in filthy, sickening jails, and some have died Ł \ CALI FORNIA STATE az) \/OT E5 GP  \\'\51  REST D SUNDAY 'O- 45Z890. PEOPLE AGAINST SUNDAY LEGISLATION mit to their dictates or leave the country. That advocates of religious laws are not satisfied with measures compelling rest upon one day in seven, but intend to designate Sunday specifically as that one day, is shown by the fact that California has had a one-day-rest-in-seven law for twenty-one years. Yet Sunday law ad-vocates worked untiringly for the en-actment of a measure designating the first day, this being defeated by a large majority at the election on November 3, 1914. California has had Sunday laws, but having found them to result in religious persecution, repealed them. It may be argued that other States have them. But they are giving the rein to religious bigotry, and have already resulted in the persecution of many well-behaved Chris- of sickness contracted in these cells. Sunday laws cause needless expense to the state, class hatred, religious strife, unjust discrimination, and are a step to-ward the horrors of the Spanish Inqui-sition and the Dark Ages. Glendale, Cal. Mr. Gallivan's Bill Would Bar the " Congressional Record " From the Mails CLAUDE E. HOLMES ELSEWHERE in this magazine will be found a copy of a bill (H. R. 20780) introduced in the House of Representa-tives by Mr. James A. Gallivan of Mas-sachusetts. One provision of his meas- 