40.mwo.311.ŁW MEMI.O.MOMNOM.O.M1,041a.0.11....411.4.1434MMIPOiNNONFOEMNNIOANNIM.041Ł11.114ŁŁŁ04M.O.M.0.11.1.01Ł1Ł,$ﬂ....t  Shall Congress Enact Religious Laws? Ii BY THE EDITOR THUS far Congress has refused to en-act compulsory religious laws. There is not a single Sunday law of that char-acter upon the federal statute books to-day. More than one hundred and forty Sunday bills have been introduced into Congress during the last thirty-five years, but Congress has persistently refused to enact into law these compulsory Sunday-observance bills on the ground that they are religious and sectarian in character. The Sunday issue is a debatable question among religious sects, and Congress has consistently refused to assume the atti-tude of settling a religious controversy by civil enactment of a compulsory na-ture. Notwithstanding this persistent refusal on the part of Congress to enact Sunday laws for the territory over which the na-tional government has jurisdiction, re-ligious organizations have not failed for a number of years to get some member to introduce one or more drastic Sunday bills into each Congress. Four com-pulsory Sunday measures have been in-troduced during the present session, two in the Senate, and two in the House. Three of these bills were introduced ostensibly for labor organizations, but really instigated and sustained by church organizations. The last one introduced in the Senate is, with a few modifications, the long-looked-for church measure promised by its promoters some months ago. These bills are known as S. 645, S. 5677, H. R. 652, and H. R. The latest Sunday bill was withheld  until April 20, when Senator Jones of Washington State, introduced bill S. 5677, the text of which is as follows : Š " A BILL "For the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest in the District of Columbia. "Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of Amer-ica in Congress assembled, That from and after the passage of this Act it shall be un-lawful in the District of Columbia for any person to labor or to employ any person to labor or to pursue any trade or worldly busi-ness on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, except in works of necessity or charity, and except also newspaper publishers and their employees, and except also public-service corporations and their employees in the necessary supplying of service to the people of the District, and also except those persons who are accustomed to observe regularly some other day of the week on which they refrain from doing what is herein prohibited on Sun-day. In works of necessity or charity is in-cluded whatever is needed for the good order and health of the community. It shall be un-lawful for any person, partnership, firm, cor-poration, or municipality, or any of their agents, directors, or officers, to require or per-mit any employees to work on the said day, excepting in household service, unless within the next succeeding Fix days during a period of twenty-four consecutive hours he or it shall neither require nor permit such employee to work in his or its employ. " Any person who shall violate the provisions of this Act shall on conviction thereof be punished by a fine of not less than $io nor more than $50 for the first offense, and for each subsequent offense by a fine of not less than $25 nor more than $soo, and by im-prisonment in the jail of the District of Co-lumbia for a period of not less than one month nor more than three months, in the discretion of the court. " SECTION 2. That all prosecutions for vio-lations of this Act shall be in the police court of the District of Columbia and in the name of the District of Columbia." When Christianity asks the aid of government beyond mere impartial protection, it disowns itself. Its essential interests lie beyond the reach and range of human gov-ernments. United with government, religion never rises above the merest superstition; united with religion, government never rises above the merest despotism; and all his-tory shows us that the more widely and completely they are separated, the better it is for both.Š Judge Welch of the supreme court of the State of Ohio (23 Ohio Reports, Granger, pp. 249, 250). 120 