LIBERTY  7 Lessons for SucceedingGenerations These lessons were left on record for the benefit of succeeding generations. They ap-ply with equal force at the present time. Irresponsible power has not been committed to those who occupy positions of authority in the government. The sphere of their authority has been clearly defined by the very Ruler who ordained civil gov-ernment. In temporal affairs they are su-preme, subject always to those principles of right and justice which the God of heaven has established. With spiritual affairs they have nothing whatsoever to do, except that as rulers it is their duty to protect liberty of conscience, acid as men, they are under obligation to lead the Christian life the same as are other men. As servants of God they will discharge their official duties by making or administering, in the fear of God, just laws within the legitimate sphere of civil authority, in matters which lie be-tween man and man, and not by attempting to interfere in matters of faith and worship, which lie wholly between man and his God. And for the right discharge of these duties every servant of the people is primarily re-sponsible to Him¥ whose throne is in heaven, and whose kingdom ruleth over all. The downfall of those kingdoms whose rulers have failed to recognize their respon-sibility to the King of heaven, is the voice of ,history to this generation, emphasizing the message of the prophet Daniel to the king of Babylon: " The Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever He will." Fortunate will it be for the "minister of God " who heeds this lesson of the ages.  w. w. P. WHERE legal enactment begins, moral suasion ends. You may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line authorizing the sanctification of Sun-day.Ñ Cardinal Gibbons. THE current notion that Christ and His apostles authoritatively substituted the first day of the week for the seventh is absolutely without any authority in the New Testa-ment.Ñ Dr. Lyman Abbott. Limits of Civil Authority THERE are limits to the authority of the civil power, and these limits should be clearly understood by the people. A re-publican form of government, as contrasted with an absolute monarchy, implies a limita-tion to the powers of the government be-yond which it can not rightfully go. Civil ¥government is not the custodian of the souls of the people. Upon all the pages of human history the truth is written plainly that there are two spheres of life within which man moves, with one of which Ñthe higher sphere of conscience and of his relation to GodÑthe civil power can right-fully have nothing to do. Again and again the Almighty has vindicated the course of those who, in order to be true to Him, have refused obedience to unjust mandates from the civil authority. The darkest pages of history are those recording the results of the invasion by the civil power of the realm of conscience. The early history of most of the leading religious denominations of this day was marked by their resistance to the dictates of the civil power outside the sphere of its legitimate authority. The true sphere of civil government was well defined by the men who founded the American republic. The Declaration of Independence, justifying the separation from Great Britain which led to the found-ing of this nation, says: " We hold these truths to be self-evident, fhat all men are created equal; and that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." This is the principle of government upon which this nation is established. Governments are instituted among men to preserve the natural, unalienable rights which men have 'by creation; that is, as individuals; and not to curtail these rights, or to take them away. When civil govern-ment invades these rights, it does exactly the opposite of that which it is instituted to do. This is a perverted and illegitimate use of its power. Legislatures can not create natural 