LIBERTY  37 day need not necessarily be Sunday; any day will do. But the very fact that these laws in the States are enforced upon those who have already rested upon another day of the week, is good evi-dence that this is not their object. While speaking before the general assembly of the Knights of Labor some years ago to secure their indorsement of the Blair Sunday Rest bill, Mr. Crafts was asked the following question: Ñ " Could not this weekly rest day be secured without reference to religion by having the workmen of an establishment scheduled in regular order for one day of rest per week, whichever was most convenient Ñ not all resting on any one ay. " To this he, replied : Ñ "A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out, and you take the rest out." True, one of these bills exempts those who keep another day. If one does this, why should not all ? But if it is right for the state to compel any to keep Sun-day, why is it not right for it to compel all? Why exempt any? Moreover, the right to exempt carries with it the right to require. The exemption could easily be withdrawn. The Evident Aim The evident aim in the whole move¥ ment is to compel all to keep Sunday ; and the spirit behind the movement is well shown in the following words of the Rev. Dr. Bascom Robins, from a sermon preached in Burlington, Kan., Sunday, Jan. 31, 1904. He said : Ñ " In the Christian decalogue the first day was made the Sabbath by divine ap-pointment. But there is a class of peo-ple who will not keep the Christian sab-bath unless they are forced to do so ; but that can be easily done. We have twenty million men, besides women and children, in this country, who want this country to keep the Christian sabbath. If we would say we will not sell any- thing to them, we will not buy anything from them, we will not work for them, or hire them to work for us, the thing could be wiped out, and all the world would keep the Christian Sabbath." What is this but a recommendation to resort to the use of the boycott in this matter? If ministers in this country. without the sanction of a national law, will recommend the use of the boycott in the work of converting those who do not believe in keeping Sunday to Sun-day-keeping, what may we expect they will do should the national government set its approval upon enforced Sunday observance? The House Sunday Mail Report, of 1830, spoke truly when it said: Ñ " Religious zeal enlists the strongest prejudices of the human mind ; and, when misdirected, excites the worst pas-sions of our nature, under the delusive pretext of doing service for God. Noth-ing so infuriates the heart to deeds of rapine and blood; nothing is so incessant in its toils, so persevering in its deter-mination, so appalling in its course, or so dangerous in its consequences." When man undertakes to become God's avenger, he becomes a demon. Driven by the frenzy of a religious zeal, he loses every gentle feeling, forgets the most sacred precepts of his creed, and becomes ' ferocious and unrelenting." The Safe Course The only safe course, therefore, s to keep religion out of legislation. With President Grant we say : " Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, sup-ported entirely by private contribution. Keep the state and the church forever separate." The object of this hearing, as an-nounced, was to ascertain public opinion upon this question. Public opinion is of importance, and a factor to be reck-oned with ; but in dealing with questions of this character there is something of vastly greater importance, and of more fundamental concern, than public opin- 