Grounds of Prohibition Civil, Not Religious By Ł C. Porter SOME of our readers have asked us how we can consistently espouse the cause of prohibition of the liq-uor traffic, and at the same time oppose Sunday laws and similar measures of a moral or religious nature. Our answer is that the two things are totally unlike. It is true that drunken-ness and the promotion of habitual drink-ing of intoxicating liquors are both im-moral, but it is not for this reason that they are properly placed under the ban of civil law. The habitual use of in-toxicants weakens and even destroys men both physically and mentally: It reduces them to poverty, and makes them pre-maturely old. It robs their families of the support to which they are entitled at the hands of their natural protector. It imposes upon the sober portion of the community unnecessary burdens in the suppression and punishment of crime and in the support and care of paupers and the insane. It increases liability to acci-dent so that nondrinkers are daily and al-most hourly put in jeopardy of life and limb from entirely preventable causes. It is such considerations as these that justify the prohibition of the liquor traffic, and not moral or religious considerations, which are sometimes mistakenly urged in behalf of political prohibition. Another argument in favor of prohibi-tion is that the organized liquor traffic is always a corrupting influence in poli-tics: This influence can be destroyed only by destroying the traffic. In every State that has the legalized liquor traffic, rib  is a liquor party, or ca-bal, caring nothing for principles, but existing solely for the protection of an " industry " thai thrives at the expense of every legitimate, honorable phase of productive or corn-mercial activity. This cabal generally holds the balance of power as between the great parties through which the State is governed, and so is able to dictate terms, to shape platforms, and largely to name candidates for public office. This is so great an evil that even politicians, for purely political reasons, without any reference whatever to moral influences, have in many instances set themselves for the destruction of this utterly selfish traf-fic, that brings only degradation to its patrons, poverty to their families, and financial burdens to the community. Let him who can, disprove these allegations. " Christianizing Our Politics " IN a neat panel, on the first page of the Southern Methodist (Baltimore) of Aug. 17, 1916, appeared the following from the pen of Dr. J. H. Jowett : " We must Christianize our conception of politics. Politics has become a debased word. . . . It originally meant the science and art of government. It meant the regulation of man in all his relations as the member of a nation and a state. Tt was a science and an art, with large ideals, and with correspond-ingly noble endeavor and achievement. But today politics too often means self-seeking, wirepulling, secret maneuvering, the pursuit of 