42 LIBERTY A Neglected Study Pads and Principles Which Should Be Made Known in Every Public School D. H. KRESS, M. D. THE best asset of any country is its children, providing they are of the right kind. What they are determines what the country in the future will be. During the past we have given much more attention to the production of well-bred horses and cattle than we have to the production of well-bred, robust, healthy children ; and much more thought and study have been given to the feed-ing of colts and calves than to the selec-tion of suitable foods for our own off-spring. As a result, there are in the United States at the present time prob-ably thirteen million children of school age who are defective. Probably eighty per cent of the chil-dren of this generation have defective teeth. Tooth decay is one of the chief causes of degeneracy, since it interferes with the thorough mastication of the food, and invites indigestion and mal-nutrition. Diseased tonsils and abnormal posterior nasal growths are also quite common. It is generally conceded that these also tend to hasten degeneracy, un-dermining the child's health, and crip-pling it physically and mentally. These growths are themselves an evidence of degeneracy, as they never appear in a normal child. There is no question but that the free consumption of alcoholic beverages by parents is in a large measure responsible for the many defective children. Dr. T. D. Crothers, a leading medical author-ity, and a man of vast experience, says: Š " I have never seen a family of mod-erate drinkers that was followed by ro-bust, healthy children. I have seen some very bright children from such parent-age, but in every instance they died out early, from some degeneration which a more vigorous race would overcome. The children of moderate or excessive users of spirits are always weakly and  have a more unstable brain and nervous system ; are more liable to be inebriates, to suffer from nervous diseases, to be in-sane, to die of consumption, to be defec-tive in every way, and to decay early." Dr. Lancereaux, another high author-ity, says : Š " Alcoholism creates a special race, as well from the point of view of the in-tellectual faculties as that of physical characteristics. This race may continue for a time, with all its infirmities and vi-cious tendencies ; but it is wanting in the strength to perpetuate itself. Exposed to all sorts of accidents and disease, given over to impotence and sterility, it soon disappears." The amount of alcohol and tobacco consumed in the United States is enor-mous, and each year marks a steady in-crease. During the year 1910 this na-tion consumed thirty million more gallons of distilled spirits than in 19o9. It also consumed over ninety million more gal-lons of fermented beverages. One hun-dred sixty million more cigars and a solid billion more cigarettes were smoked. The total amount of money in circulation in the United States, including gold and silver coins, certificates, United States notes, and national bank-notes, does not equal the amount paid out last year for alcohol and tobacco. The sins of the fathers are visited upon the children. The poet Whittier once said, " The New England boiled dinner killed me." To the inquiry, " Then why did you eat it? " he replied, " I didn't ; my robust parents did." There exists no doubt in the minds of sane men that this extravagant consump- tion of these products by the fathers of this country in part explains why so many of their progeny are defectives. A few years ago a number of scien-tists, representing the various universi-ties of Germany, in discussing the chief 