86 never be infringed upon. The example of South Carolina shows that the States considered themselves bound to conform their constitutions to the provisions of this Amendment. Freedom of worship was now forever secure in the original States ; but regard-ing the States since admitted to the Un-ion, is it equally secure in these? To answer this question it is only necessary to refer to the famous Ordinance of July 13, 1787, providing for the government of the Northwest Territory (the only territory possessed by the United States at that time), and for the admission of States to be formed out of it. This Or-dinance was reaffirmed in the first ses-sion of Congress held after the ratifica-tion of the Constitution, and was signed by George Washington Aug. 7, 1789. It shows that in the opinion of Congress the United States had a special mission to spread the principles of civil and re-ligious liberty : " Ordinance 12. And for extending the fun-damental principles of civil and religious liberty which form the basis whereon these republics, their laws and constitutions are erected; to fix and establish these principles as the basis of all laws, constitutions,. and governments which forever hereafter shall be formed in the said territory: to provide also for the establishment of States and permanent governments therein, and for their admission to a share in the Fed-eral councils on an equal footing with the origi-nal States, at as early period as may be con-sistent with the general interest: " It is hereby ordained and declared by the ,authority aforesaid (the United States in Con-gress assembled), that the following articles shall be considered as articles of compact be-tween the original States and the people and States in the Territory, and forever remain un-alterable unless by common consent, to wit: " Article First. No person, demeaning him-self in a peaceable and orderly manner, shall ever be molested on account of his mode of wor-ship or religious sentiments in the said Terri-tory. " Article Third. Education to be encouraged. " Article Fourth. States formed, to remain in the Union forever. " Article Sixth. No slavery." The provisions of this Ordinance, orig-inally designed for the Northwest Ter-ritory, were applied to each new acces-sion of territory and were used as a basis  for the admission of all States into the trnion. The leading idea in the Ordi-nance is that a new State must measure up to the standard of the old States be-fore it is fit to be admitted into the Un-ion on an equality with them. Before the Civil War the incorpora-tion in the State constitution of such of the articles of the Ordinance as were prescribed by Congress, was accepted as a sufficient guaranty of its compliance with the requirements of the compact; but since 1864 the compact itself had to be agreed to by the people in convention and its provisions inserted in the State constitution before statehood could be acquired, as is clear from the enabling act of any State admitted since 1864. Besides the protection afforded by the compact with the United States Govern-ment, eighteen of the new States have the guaranty of freedom of worship as-sured by treaties between the United States and foreign powers. Thus in 1803 the United States in a treaty with France guaranteed freedom of worship to the inhabitants of the Territory of Louisi-ana, out of which twelve States were formed ; in a treaty with Spain in 1819, the same provision was made for the people of Florida ; in a treaty with Mex-ico in 1848, the same provision was made in favor of the inhabitants of the terri-tory ceded by Mexico, out of which five States were formed, making a total of eighteen States in all. In conclusion it is interesting and in-structive to see how Congress interprets the First Amendment when applying it to citizens of a Territory governed by the United States. " An Act to provide for the Civil Government of the Philip-pines, 1902," Section Five of this act declares : " That no law shall be made respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, and that the free enjoyment of religious profession and worship, without discrim-ination or preference, shall forever be allowed."Š Thomas J. Livingstone. S. .1 . in .4 meriea. Nay 4, 191R, 