Here men went to their death not only for offenses against the state but for offenses against the religion of the state. LIBERTY 101 and political governments. They pro-tested against Rome's alliance with the civil government, and then substituted their own Protestant domination in lieu of the papal domination. They be- lieved that the civil rulers were morally and divinely bound to prescribe religious belief and worship, and to exact con- formity thereto, provided it was the true religion, which could be none other than their own creed. Christian Protestant princes must defend and enforce religion with the secular arm, and establish a state church and worship, or Christianity would be insecure. A few had clear enough vision to detect the fatal er-ror, and sufficient courage to raise their voices in protest against this unholy union. They declared that " spirit-ual dominion rested solely on grace and truth; " but their voices were soon hushed, and to this day every Prot-estant country in Europe has an established religion, and it has been redemonstrated that such a union is always to a coun-try's detriment, not to its glory. The Rock upon Which England Stranded When Henry VIII, who because of his zeal for the Church of Rome had ob-tained the title of Defender of the Faith, came to an open rupture with the court of Rome, the English Parliament immedi-ately declared him the head of the Church of England. The object sought was to be-stow upon their civil sovereign the same power and authority which the Pope of Rome had for so many centuries arro-gated to himself. It was not to vindicate true principles, but to strike a blow at Rome. Truth and right principles were sacrificed for the sake of policy and ex-pediency. The Act of 25 Henry VIII (1534) secured the submission of the clergy, and centered in the throne the whole power of ecclesiastical legislation, and henceforth made the king of Eng-land the supreme head of the church  as Gladstone says, " enacted the Royal Headship," " verging closely," as said the Bishop of Chester, " on the undefined supremacy assumed by and henceforth denied to the Pope." The Act of 13 Elizabeth ( i571) for-mulated and settled the religious belief of the Church of England by imposing the Thirty-nine Articles as its legally author-ized and required form of faith. The Act of Uniformity of Charles II (1662) resettled the legal form of worship in the Church of England, which substan-tially has remained the same to the pres-ent day. Green, in his " Short History," says, " From that time to this the church has been unable to meet the varying spiritual needs of its adherents by any modification of its government or its wor-ship." The church establishment of Eng-land assumed that the state had the pre-rogative not only to protect but to pro-mulgate what it deemed religious truth, and to punish and suppress religious error. An Old Pagan Fiction Adopted The national establishment adopted the old fiction that every citizen of the state was also a member of the established church, and consequently subject to its religious and financial obligations. The London Times of Oct. 9, 1876, said, " The fact is that all Englishmen are by law members of the church." Under this delusive doctrine, the state exacts recog- 