184 LIBERTY and an unreasonable business hardship to compel them by law to observe also the first day of the week as a day in which tbey shall not labor or carry on their usual business and professional avocations. And upon these grounds _these good people are strenuously opposed to all so-called Sunday laws. We think they are absolutely right in their contentions for their civil privileges under the guaranties of the Constitution. They have an indefeasible right to their faith. They are entitled to religious liberty. And it is impossible to say that a citizen who is compelled to keep a day which is not holy to him as the Sabbath, and which he believes it sinful to keep as the Sabbath, enjoys re-ligious freedom within the true intent and the full meaning of the Constitutional guar-anties. . . . In the theological dispute we are not greatly interested. But in the maintenance of civil and religious liberty we are earnestly and al-ways interested. Without those noble and precious liberties, life is not worth the living. And we must assuredly believe that the Sev-enth-day Adventists are right in contending for those liberties, and heartily do we wish them courage in their good fight. And so says LIBERTY ! It is high time to raise a voice of protest against such unwarranted encroachments upon the Constitutional liberties of upright, con- scientious American citizens, irrespective of creed, color, race, or nationality. Such a travesty of justice ought to awaken the press of the country and to stir the public conscience to the last degree. When such things are passed by as mat-ters of little consequence, every citizen is in great danger of losing his own lib-erties; for no one's liberty is sure unless we make secure the liberty of each in- dividual. C. S. L. Still Punished for Religious Reasons MEN are still punished in America, in this liberty-loving age, for daring to worship and serve God in harmony with the fourth commandment of the deca-logue. That commandment permits men to work six days, but requires them to rest on the seventh day of the week. But some jurists require Sabbatarians to observe Sunday also, and for religious  reasons. After all, we are not much ahead of the ancient Greeks and Ro-mans. They most jealously guarded the forms of liberty while they violated its every principle; for at the time when they were most determined to be free themselves, the rulers employed their powers to enslave the rest of mankind. In America the federal Constitution guarantees religious liberty to the several States as such, and to citizens of the United States as such, so far as the acts of Congress are concerned ; but the gen-eral government leaves the several States free to override every right of conscience in the individual as a citizen of the State. Thus the seemingly ample safe-guards afforded by the national Consti-tution become nugatory under the oper-ation of State laws as administered by State and municipal courts. Iv " The Fourteenth International Lord's Day Congress " Tilts congress was scheduled to be held in Oakland, Cal., July 27 to August 1, " in connection with the Panama- Pacific Exposition." Writing to the ed-itor of this magazine, one who was pres- ent at this congress throughout, says : Š The meeting was advertised to be held in the Oakland Auditorium, which seats 8,50o in its main part, and 2,50o in the theater at one end of the building. The congress was held in a room on the third floor, which some who counted the chairs said would seat 45o. To me it looked even smaller than that. Well, they had it half full at night, which would give them an attendance of about two hun-dred and fifty. At the day sessions they had present by actual count between fifty and sixty. At the Greek amphitheater in Berkeley, on Sunday afternoon, August I, they had present, I should judge, between eight hun-dred and a thousand persons. Such prominent men as President Wilson, ex-Secretary Bryan, Governor Johnson, the mayor of Oakland (Mr. Davie), Mr. C. C. Moore of the exposition, Archbishop Hanna, and others advertised to speak, were not in attendance at the congress. The governor, the mayor, Mr. Moore, and the archbishop sent representatives. Besides the archbishop's representative another Catholic priest spoke, and the Greek Catholic Church was repre- 