6 (14356) LIBERTY that is to be transacted must be sent to St. Petersburg to the minister of the interior, and he must give his sanction before the conference can take up its business. That is state control of re-ligion. It is contrary to law for any member of the Greek Church to be baptized by any sect in Russia. It is a state-prison offense both for the one who is baptized and for the one who officiates at the baptism. No Greek Catholic can legally leave his church, and no member of any sect may join any other church except the Greek Church. If an evangelical minister goes into Russia, he must not preach until he receives permission, and that takes anywhere from three to eighteen months. If the people of the United States only knew what a curse it is to have a religion supported by the state, and a state domi-nated by the church, they would never be agitating for such a regime here, as so many are doing at the present time. It tears away every vestige of the rights and liberties of the people, their freedom and manhood, and binds them in chains  intellectually, spiritually, and morally. Countries where such a union" of church and state obtains are a thousand times worse off than India, China, or Africa. As I saw the conditions there, a religion of formalism with no power to touch hearts, and the most conscientious people in Russia languishing in vermin-infested prisons for accepting the gospel of Jesus Christ, it did seem to me that God must teach these people a lesson as he did in olden times, and give them a chance to know his gospel. When a member of one of the sects is arrested on account of his religion, he is not given an impartial trial. He has no redress, no justice. Men go to trial, but they can not testify. The priests bear witness, and that is enough. The whole power of the state is at the call of the Greek Church. That is why Russia is the cruel, despotic power that it is, one hundred years behind other civilized nations. But that is no worse than it will be in this country if the church should - ever be in a position where it could dominate the state, and carry out its purposes through legal enactments. Liberty and Equity A Vital Consideration in the Matter of the Equality of Citizens W. M. HEALEY LIBERTY, in its broadest sense, is the right and privilege of doing whatever a person chooses to do. If each member of the human family loved others as himself ; if all would live by the " golden rule " and do to others as they would have others do to them ; in short, if all were Christians, they could be trusted with liberty in its fullest sense, and all could do as they might choose to do, for none would choose to do wrong ; in fact, liberty and Christianity go hand in hand. " Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage." Gal. 5 : I. Wickedness is opposed to, and destruc-tive of, all liberty. The murderer takes from his victim his liberty and right to live. The thief deprives others of their right and liberty to use that which is their own. Therefore to allow wicked men to do as they choose, would be to destroy the liberties of all. Hence the necessity for civil government. It is the province of civil government to see that none of its subjects go beyond the bounds of their liberties, and infringe upon the rights and liberties of others. Every one's rights are limited by the rights of others. By this rule all cases may be tried, whether civil or religious. 