LIBERTY 29 Evidently those favoring this sort of legislation think the passing of a Sunday law for the District of Columbia is of concern to all the people of the country when they circulate petitions through-out the country calling for it, and induce two million people to sign these petitions. The Blair Sunday Rest bill, which was before Congress in 1888 and 1889, was a measure for the compulsory observance of Sunday in every " territory, district, vessel, or place subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States." While this was pending, Dr. W. F. Crafts, its chief advocate and exponent, said : Š " The national law is needed to make the State laws complete and effective." Š Christian Statesman, April 11, 1889. But this failing to pass, the advocates of Sunday legislation have ever since sought to get Congress committed to this sort of legislation through measures for compulsory Sunday observance in the District of Columbia. Such a law is desired as a precedent, and is demanded with a view to making it the beginning, the entering wedge, for national legisla-tion upon the subject of Sunday observ-ance. This is desired " to make the State [ Sunday] laws complete and ef-fective." The State Sunday laws are out of harmony with the bills of rights in nearly every State constitution in the United States, and altogether contrary to the American principle of separation of church and state. But the religious zealot cares for no such principles or safe-guards, and, in his zeal for religion and his desire to bring all to his way of act-ing and thinking religiously, is willing to disregard the most sacred rights, and trample upon the very charter of men's rights and liberties. But those who have some regard for fundamental principles, for constitutions, and for sacred rights and liberties, the free exercise of which has been purchased at so great a cost, can not be indifferent to the passage of laws, however local in character or cir-cumscribed in application they may be at first, which ignore these principles, vio- late these constitutions, and jeopardize these rights and liberties. That the kind of law this Federation of Sunday-rest Associations of America wishes for the District of Columbia is of the intolerant kind, is shown in the statement contained in the quotation already given respecting their petition for this, " that no exception be made [in it] on account of religion." A District Sunday bill, therefore, is of concern to all the people of the coun-try ; and every lover of liberty, wherever he may reside in the United States, should oppose every movement of this kind, and see the danger in the camel's getting his nose in the tent at all; for the first step in a wrong course involves the last one. Moreover, the passing of a District Sunday law by Congress is of concern to more than the people of the United States ; for the people of other nations are watching to see what the United States is going to do in this matter of Sunday legislation, and religious legis-lation in general, whether it will remain true to its principle of separation of church and state, or swing back into the old order of things, and enforce religion by law; and because of the prominent position it occupies among the nations, and the influence it has had over the na-tions for a century and a quarter, we are warranted in believing that as America goes, other nations will follow. Let no one, therefore, be deceived in regard to this matter, or side-tracked in his opposition to national Sunday legis-lation by any such argument as that the passing of a Sunday law for the District of Columbia concerns only the people of the District of Columbia. It concerns all the people of all the United States, and all the world. COMPULSION is no part of the gospel of Christ. He who can not be drawn to the service of Christ by the love of Christ and the beauty of his character, can not be driven to acceptable service through human laws and human punish-ments, 