LIBERTY 11-) one of Spain's colonies, Mexico, after she severed the tie which had bound her to the church. The quotation following is from " Histoire . Generale " (General His-tory), of Lavisse and Rambaud, Vol. XII, page 6:Š "The clericals compromised themselves in the eyes of the people by their appeal which they made to foreigners; so in 1871 was pronounced the separation of church and state. . . . " The action of Porfirio Diaz has been considerable. A veritable new life has arisen in Mexico ; individual security there is perfect. The stability of the government is a fact worthy of note; before Diaz fifty-two presidents had been in power during fifty-nine years. Diaz has been presiding over the destinies of the republic more than twenty years. . . . The cities become mod-ern. There exists no longer a village of one hundred inhabitants, in Mexico, which does not have its school. Since the month of July, 1896, it is true, all instruction is at the expense of the state, which assures the unity of spirit in the instruction. Relig-ious instruction is banished from public schools. With Porfirio Diaz, Mexico, for-merly cried down, has become a prosperous and honest republic." Ł Is the Church,anddState Argument Against Senator Smoot Valid ? W. A. COLCORD IN the majority report of the Senate Committee on Privileges and Elections on the Senator Reed Smoot case, the following arguments were made why Mr. Smoot should be unseated: Š " A careful examination and considera-tion of the testimony taken before the com-mittee in this investigation leads to the conclusion that the allegations in the pro-test concerning the domination of the lead-ers of the Mormon Church in secular affairs are true, and that the first presi-dency and twelve apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints exer-cise a controlling influence over the action of the members of the church in secular affairs as well as in spiritual matters. . . . The fact that the adherents of the Mormon Church hold the balance of power in pol-itics in some of the States enables the first presidency and twelve apostles to control the political affairs of those States to any extent they may desire. Thus a complete union of church and state is formed."ŠCongressional Record, June II, 1906. This argument evidently is based upon the assumption that a union of church and state in any State is unconstitutional from a national standpoint. But is this a fact? The First Amendment to the national Con-stitution says, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; " but it does not say that a State shall not do so. In 1875 James G. Blaine introduced into Congress a proposed amendment to the Constitution, beginning, " No State shall make any law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." But that measure never passed. Similar measures have been introduced since that time, but none of these have passed. How, then, we ask, can a union of church and state in any State be adduced as a valid argument against a man holding an office under the national government? When the Constitution of the United States was adopted, nearly all of the thirteen original States had established religions, but this fact did not disqualify the Senators and Representatives from these States from holding their seats in Congress. In a speech Ł made before the Senate January II of this year, Senator Hopkins, of Illinois, called attention to this fact. After expressing surprise that a proposition of this kind should have been submitted by the chairman of the committee, Senator Burrows, of Michigan, as a valid argument for unseating Mr. Smoot, he said: Š " I wish to call the attention of the Senators that there is nothing in the Con-stitution of the United States that prohibits a State from having an established religion. If the people of the State of Michigan can revise their State constitution so as to require the tax payers of that State to pay annually a certain sum for the maintenance of the Episcopal, the Catholic, the Presby-terian, or the Methodist, or any other church, such a clause in the constitution of Michigan or any other independent State in the republic would not be antagonistic to anything in the Constitution of the United States."Š Congressional Record, Jan. 15, 1907. We are not defending Mormonism, or 