LIBERTY 71 visions of this act, or any of them, shall be liable to the State for a penalty of  dollars for each offense, recoverable by civil action by the (Commissioner of Labor). Section 6. Time of Taking Effect. This act shall take effect October first. nineteen hundred and thirteen. It is only necessary to read this bill in order to perceive that something else is aimed at besides " the public health : " and that while the title mentions " one day of rest in seven," without designa-ting any particular day, yet the framers of this measure plainly had in mind one particular day which they designed as far as possible to be the day of rest. The necessary provisions of a law that would secure " one day of rest in seven " to working men are very simple. The Cal-ifornia law may be cited in proof of Ł this:Š Every person employed in any occupa-tion of labor shall be entitled to one day's rest therefrom in seven, and it shall be unlawful for any employer of labor to cause his employees, or any of them, to work more than six days in seven; pro-vided, however, that the provisions of this section shall not apply to any case of emergency. In this California law no specific day is mentioned, while in the Standard Bill being urged by the social service com-mission a particular day, Sunday, is mentioned five times,Š twice in Section i, once in Section 2, and twice in Sec-tion 3. In section I a condition is im-posed upon any employer who desires to operate his factory on Sunday. In Section 2 those workers whose work on Simday is lighter than on other days, or is a work of necessity, are excepted from the provisions of the act, and in Section 3 the condition mentioned in Section relating to the operation of a factory on Sunday is specifically defined. All this shows that while the bill is professedly " an act to promote the public health," it is in reality designed to promote the  observance of Sunday; and while it os-tensibly claims to secure " one day of rest in seven," it in reality is designed to secure as far as possible Sunday as the day of rest. While this conclusion may be legiti-mately drawn from the wording of the bill, we have in addition to this the testi-mony of the secretary of the social serv-ice commission, Dr. Charles S. Macfar-land, to the same effect. After his at-tention had been called to the fact that this bill appeared to favor a particular day, he frankly replied: " We have put it on the basis of one day's rest in seven. Of course, as a matter of fact, we know perfectly well that this means the strengthening of Sunday." This admis-sion, voluntarily made by. the secretary, indicates the true character of the meas-ure, and stamps it as religious. The leaflet distributed by the social service commission explaining the al-leged need of such legislation declares :Š The Sunday laws, enacted in the first instance to protect the Sabbath from des,-ecration, have not only in the turmoil and rush of modern conditions failed to do that, but have also signally failed to pro-tect men from the debasing effects of continuous seven-day toil. The claim is usually set up that Sun-day laws are not of a religious character, but are merely an exercise of the police power, designed to preserve public or-der ; but here the statement is candidly made that Sunday laws were " enacted in the first instance to protect the Sab-bath from desecration." We have al-ways maintained this to be the fact, and we are gratified to find that it is now ad-mitted by those who have resolved in favor of " securing to every community a more complete protection [by law] against all Sunday practises that tend to demoralize society," etc. While the Standard Bill under con-sideration does not specifically require abstinence from labor on Sunday, yet it 