Photo by Clinedinst, Washington, D. C. HON. WM. H. MURRAY, OF OKLAHOMA 88 LIBERTY or organization can step in and take the place of personal responsibility and personal guilt Ša complete free moral agency. I believe with Sir William Hamilton, the great Scotch mental philosopher, that unless you recognize " free moral agency" and the responsibility of personal guilt, you have no basis from which to reason that there is an all-wise Creator at all. However, others be-lieve differently. There are those that be-lieve that an appointed official of the church, and still others that the organization of the church itself, may be the intermediator be-tween the guilty individual sinner and the all-wise God whom he is commanded to serve and each of those views is entitled to the same considera-tion of the state as I am to mine, and lib-erty each to follow his own course is the only safe and sane way by which the in-stitutions of men may leave every individual with good conscience to commune with God in his own way. Scarcely any church or creed now extant but what has under-g o n e persecution Špersecution by one an-other. So we cannot determine in a legal way which is right and which should be-come the church of the state. Our Pil-grim Fathers fled from persecution of the Old World to the bleak shores of New England to escape re- ligious persecution, yet they were here but a short space of time before they began a perse- cution equally cruel; and the burning of witches at Salem is one of the dark and un-pardonable episodes in all our career. Roger Williams, fleeing from another sect, who them-selves had been persecuted, went into Rhode Island to found a new commonwealth; and we are familiar with the early history of Mary-land, when the tide in numerical numbers changed and shifted between different creeds, both of whom had been persecuted in Europe. So the separation of church and state is just as essential as the freedom of worship, in or- der that no partiality shall be shown and that each may flourish or fade in popular opinion before the court of an enlightened popular judgment. This makes all free and guarantees the continuance of each and all. The liberty of every min to exercise his own views, without partiality shown to either by the state, tends to eradicate the weeds of fanaticism and of prejudi,:e and raises the human race to a higher standard. I had rather believe, Mr. Chairman, in the larger view of the exercise of the right of every in-dividual to worship God according to the dic-tates of his own conscience. If there be those who contend that a Cath-olic or Protestant, a Jew or Gentile, or a fol-lower of Confucius or Zoroaster, should not have political as well as civil rights, I do not agree with them. If there be those who claim that because of mem-bership in either of these creeds such membership best enti-tles them to political rights, I do not agree with them. In other words, Mr. Chairman, we must hold to the doctrine of freedom in forms of worship, freedom of worship, and freedom f r o m worship, together with the corollary that every individual shall have the right to contribute his mite to any creed of his choosing; and, on the other hand, that he shall be relieved from compulsory contribu-tion, either by tithes or taxes, to any creed whatsoever. This, Mr. Chairman, is my view of a nobler lib-erty that must be ad-hered to rigidly in every well-regulated government; and this is the first step in all political, civil, and religious liberty. C. S. L. Worse Than the Gallivan Bill MR. F. J. RYAN, a member of the House of Representatives of the Illinois State Legislature, on March 3 introduced House Bill No. 56, which makes a fiercer and more drastic attack on the free press than even the Gallivan bill contemplated to accomplish through Congress. We have no doubt that the Ryan bill will suffer, at the hands of the good people of the State of Illinois, a fate similar 