LIBERTY geed that Sunday-closing laws work no hardship on any one, -and persecute no Dne on account of religious opinions. To those who so believe, the words of Judge Cooley, an eminent constitutional au-thority, will be of interest : " The Jew who is forced to respect the first day of the week when his conscience requires of him the observance of the sev-enth also, may plausibly urge that the law discriminates against his religion, and by forcing him to keep a second Sab-bath in each week, unjustly, though by indirection, punishes him for his belief." God gave man directions to work six days. That period of time is called " the  six working days." Eze. 46: 1. During that time, according to the plan of the Creator, man was to toil, and reap the fruits of his labor. The Sabbath com-mandment enjoins the observance of the seventh day. When the state demands the observance of the first day also, it takes from the seventh-day observer one sixth of the time allotted to gaining the necessities of life and accumulating wealth. This places him at a disadvan-tage. He is not on an equal footing with his fellow men. An inequality is created. The government discounts his religion. It is well to stick to the adage, " All men are created equal." w. F. M. 4k./.3.ksko.amm.1,4. Kutmtgamilfmtm.t.s..4124.At mozimtly.t..41.4keil,iŁ DI Fa. The Latest Federal Sunday- I 4.1,  r -..,1 Closing Bill Ł :Ł,) ; _ ' racTIMIriiiitirliiiitililietcliteiViiVittiiiitiEVAlifittiA i "a" a i -iii4agretiitilit-ltitsTirffigtisifitiVeraMW FOR a number of years after the adoption of the Constitution, strong efforts were made to have the na-tional legislature enact some kind of Sun-day-closing measure. One of the strong-est of these was in 1829, when an en-deavor was made to force Congress to stop the transportation of the mails on Sunday. Such a setback was given to the movement at that time, however, that nothing further of the kind was at-tempted for a number of years. The latest measure of this order was a bill introduced into the House of Repre-sentatives on Feb. 13, 1920. Like all others of its kind, this present bill is reli-gious in its nature, and if enacted into law, violates the American principles of religious liberty. In its very title its nature is revealed. It is " A Bill to Protect the Lord's Day, Commonly Called Sunday." That which pertains to the Lord is religious. Sunday observ-ance was founded in religion. Those who observe Sunday now, do so from a religious motive. The question naturally  arises, Why should a law be made to " protect " Sunday ? If Sunday is no different from the other days, why should it be protected? No such measure is sought for Monday; not even for Wed-nesday night, on which prayer meeting is held. Common business does not dis-turb those who attend prayer meeting on the above-named evening. Why ? Sim-ply because that evening is not consid-ered by the worshipers as sacred time. Those who worship on Wednesday night should be protected in their worship, not only on that evening, but at all times. The Fourth of July is a great day among Americans, but no effort is made, or should be made, to " protect " it in the sense that this bill proposes to " protect " Sunday, namely, to punish any one who does work on that day. Such legislation favors, not the individual, but the insti-tution. It is not the work done on Sunday that constitutes the crime, but it is the time when the work is done. In other words, (Continued on page 96) 