56 LIBERTY All the opponents of the liberty of the press have sheltered themselves behind the specious veil of preserving the public peace. They say licentiousness must be sup-pressed. Dangerous opinions in politics and religions must be guarded against, other-wise the social order of society will be endangered. What, it may be asked, would have been the situation of mankind at this moment, had the subjects of religion and politics never been investigated? Orthodox and heterodox are words of very doubt-ful meaning. What is orthodox at Constantinople, is heterodox at Rome, and what is deemed sacred and indisputable by the conclave, is termed superstition at Geneva.Š"An Inquiry Concerning the Liberty and Licentiousness of the Press," by John Thomp-son, p. 77, i8oi. Department." That is Rome's method Š suppress what cannot be met by jus-tice and argument. What They Deem Scurrilous Should non-Catholics accept the Ro-man Catholic definition of the word " scurrilous," it would mean the elimina-tion of all controversy over Catholic dog-mas, or unfavorable reference to them. We find an illustration of this in the Bul-letin of the American Federation of Catholic Societies for January, 1913: " The Adventists, who recently convened at Sacramento, Cal., circulated a scurril-ous booklet entitled ' Who Changed the Sabbath ? ' " A copy of this pamphlet is before me as I write. It is a clean, able discussion of the Sabbath question, deal-ing with it from a theological and his-torical standpoint. The Protestant Magazine has for years been reviewing Roman Catholic claims. It has carried on its discussions in a dignified and scholarly manner. Even a Roman Catholic paper has declared it to be " far above the common anti-Catholic periodical." See Catholic Citizen, Jan. 15, 1916. Yet the Protestant Magazine and two others have been branded as " lying and scurrilous publications," by another Catholic paper. See Catholic Co-lumbian, Aug. 18, 1911. If such literature is to be denied cir-culation through the mails under the law proposed by Mr. Fitzgerald, then the First Amendment to the Constitution of  the United States is practically annulled. There can be no further freedom of dis-cussion on religious matters in the press. Beyond question, the purpose of the whole movement is to suppress adverse criticism of the dogmas of Catholics. A Nation-Wide Campaign by Catholics The Catholic Tablet, which is pub-lished in Mr. Fitzgerald's district, gives an extended write-up of his bill in its issue of Jan. 8, 1916. Catholics were much disappointed because his bill intro-duced the last session failed to get out of committee. This year they are making " great efforts to see that it at least comes to a public reading and a vote." In order to secure this result, " a nation-wide campaign of letter writing, de-signed to let the members of Congress know the extent of the feeling in the failure of freeing the mails from filth, is planned. Form letters are now being drawn up, which will be distributed through various channels until they reach all sections of the country. The letters are to be sent to Congressmen both from individuals and from Catholic organiza-tions." Rome has publicly thrown down the gauntlet. The challenge must be met squarely. A failure to do this will mean a victory for Catholicism. Let Rome's nation-wide campaign be more than du-plicated. Let American patriots inform their Congressmen that a free press must be maintained at all hazards. Are we to stand meekly by while the fetters are being put on us? or shall we organize to manfully oppose . . . all these unholy attempts at Puritanizing the United States, to defend the liberties guaranteed by the Constitution, and to uphold at all hazards the cherished traditions handed down to us by the founders of the Republic? . . . Every observing man can see that American liberty is in distress.Š Hon. Richard Bartholdt, in Congressional Record, July g, 1913 