A case wherein a double death sentence was imposed under the Puritan theocracy in colonial Massachusetts. Martha Corey, stand-ing near the center of the picture, was condemned for witchcraft, and hanged. Her husband, Giles Corey, standing just behind her with his hand on her arm, was pressed to death for contumacy in refusing to plead to the indictment against him on the same charge. 14 LIBERTY the Lord's Prayer, and Christian bap-tism are all in a sense ecclesiastical, and they are certainly of divine origin. Does the Christian Statesman mean to say that these are also civil institutions and can-not exist unless legally enforced by the state? Certainly its logic would lead to this conclusion. We candidly admit, however, that it is just as legitimate to enforce the Lord's Supper and Christian baptism by the police power as it is to enforce the observance of the Lord's Day. All are religious, and the Lord's Supper and baptism are unquestionably of divine origin. If it is wrong to en-force the Lord's Supper at certain inter-vals and compel all men to observe it, then it is wrong to enforce the Lord's Day by civil statute. In medieval times when the church dominated the state, the civil powers en- forced the observance of the Lord's Sup-per, Christian baptism, the Lord's Prayer, and Sunday as the Lord's Day. It even made church attendance and church sup-port compulsory. The penalty for the violation of any of these compulsory ob-servances ranged all the way from im-prisonment or standing in the stocks, to a cruel death on the gibbet, on the rack, or at the stake. The people of the United States repudiated every vestige of ecclesiastical authority, and by the Constitution debarred Congress from ever leg-islating upon religion Šits usages and institu-tions. Today the federal government does n o t have a single Sunday law or any other reli-gious law upon its stat-ute books. Sunday Observance Not of Divine Authority The Christian States-man further says : Š Just now it matters not how, when, or where it [ the Sabbath] originated, although we hold that it is divine, and that by divine, not Roman Catholic, au-thority it has been fixed on the first day of the week. The best way to set-tle this question as to whether the Lord au-thorized the transfer of the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week or whether the Catholic Church effected this change, is for the Christian Statesman to make good its assertion that the Sabbath has been fixed on the first day of the week by divine authority. Let it supply just one text from the Bible stating that the Lord commanded or authorized the ob-servance of the first day of the week as the Sabbath, or Lord's Day, or as a rest day, either civil or religious. If the Christian Statesman will promise not to 