16  LIBERTY pendence on Parliament and the law of the land. Much good may Parliament ever do to true religion, except by mistake ! As to getting the law of the land to touch our religion, we earnestly cry, ` Hands off ! leave us alone ! ' Your Sunday bills and all other forms of act-of-Parliament relig-ion seem to me to be all wrong. Give us a fair field and no favor, and our faith has no cause to fear. Christ wants no help from Cxsar." From every standpoint, therefore, from C. H. SPURGEON which the question may be viewed, Sunday legislation is wrong. Jesus, the Author of Christianity, taught the separation of church and state. He said: " Render therefore unto Cxsar the things which are Cxsars.  and unto God the things that are God's." The Sabbath be-longs to God, and therefore is not to be rendered to Cxsar. When on trial before Pontius Pilate, Christ declared: "My Kingdom Is Not of this World " He taught liberty.  Whosoever will, let him come." " If any man hear My words, and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." We therefore hold that no religious day  should be enforced by law, whether the first or the seventh; that any measure tend-ing directly or indirectly to enforce relig-ion will work injury not only to the state, but most of all to religion itself. Liberty. absolute and eternal, is the gift of God. _In religion let there be no compulsion, no per-secution. In his letter to the Jews, of Nov. 16, 1905, President Roosevelt said: " I feel very strongly that if any people are oppressed anywhere, the wrong inevitably reacts in the end on those who oppress them; for it is an immutable law in the spiritual world that no one can wrong others and yet in the end himself escape unhurt." In the name, therefore, of those noble men who sought to build this nation free. who risked their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor to give liberty to the people of this country; in the name of Christianity itself; in the name of Jesus Christ, who died to set us free now and eternally, we protest against this and all other religious legislation by Congress. And we invite all Christians and all liberty-loving people everywhere to join us in this protest. Sign the petition against this proposed religious legislation. Do Workingmen Need Sunday Laws ? " AMONG other printed questions to which I have collected numerous answers, was this one: ` Do you know of any in-stance where a Christian's refusal to do Sunday work or Sunday trading has re-sulted in his financial ruin?' Of the two hundred answers from persons representing all trades and professions, not one is af-firmative. . . . I have never known a case, nor can I find one in any quarter of the globe where even beggary, much less star-vation, has resulted from courageous and conscientious fidelity to the Sabbath. Even in India, where most of the business com-munity is heathen, missionaries testify that loyalty to the Sabbath in the end brings no worldly loss. On the other hand, incidents have come to me by the score, of those who have gained, even in their worldly pros-perity, by daring to do right in the matter of Sunday work."Ñ W. F. Crafts, in " Sab-bath for Man," p. 428. 