LIBERTY . . . The separation of church and state in this country seems to them the natural, inevitable, and best conceivable plan, the one that would work best among us for the good both of religion and of the state. In marked contrast with these affirma-tions of the cardinal was the view taken by Pope Leo XIII, who touched upon this same question in his encyclical of Jan. 6, 1895, to the hierarchy in Amer-ica. After referring to the general con-ditions in this country as being such that the church " is free to live and act with-out hindrance," he deplored the separa-tion between church and state in these words: Ñ Yet, though all this is true, it would be very erroneous to draw the conclusion that in America is to be sought a type of the most desirable status of the church, or that it would be universally lawful or expedient for state and church to be, as in America, dissevered and divorced. The fact that Catholicity with you is in good condition, nay, is even enjoying a prosperous growth, is by all means to be attributed to the fecundity with which God has endowed his church, in virtue of which, unless men or circumstances inter-fere, she spontaneously expands and propagates herself. But she would bring forth more abundant fruits if, in addition to liberty, she enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public au-thority. This estimate of the advantages which would accrue to the Roman Catholic Church if there were in this country a union between that church and the state is in perfect harmony with the principles laid down by the same Roman pontiff in his encyclical of Nov. 7, 1885 : Ñ Every Catholic should rigidly adhere to the teachings of the Roman pontiff, especially in the matter of modern lib-erty, which, already, under the semblance of honesty of purpose, leads to destruc-tion. We exhort all Catholics to devote careful attention to public matters, and to take part in all municipal affairs and elections, and all public services, meet- ings, and gatherings. All Catholics must make themselves felt as active elements in daily political life in countries where they live. All Catholics should exert their power to cause the constitutions of states to be modeled on the principles of the true church. It is certain that the Constitution of the United States is not modeled on the principles of the papacy. It is, therefore, certain that the position taken by Car-dinal Gibbons concerning the American Constitution is squarely contradictory, not merely to the utterances of many rep-resentative Roman Catholics, but to the authoritative instruction of the head of the church speaking ex cathedra. We leave the reader to decide which repre- sentative of the church presents the true principles of the papacy. Distinction but not Separation In discussing the proper relation be-tween church and state, Cardinal Gibbons declares that " the distinction between the civil and ecclesiastical powers is very firmly established in Catholic teaching," and states the position of the church thus: Ñ The church, then, holds that the civil government has divine authority, just as has the ecclesiastical; that the limits of each are fixed by the nature of its pur-pose; that within these limits each power is supreme; consequently, that the church can not intermeddle in affairs purely civil, nor the state in affairs purely ecclesiasti-cal; and that members of the church are bound to obey the state, within its own domain, in all things that do not contra-vene the moral law. It should be noted that Cardinal Gib-bons does not speak of the separation between the civil and the ecclesiastical, but of " the distinction," and there is much significance in this fact. Another Catholic writer, " Very Rev. D. I. Mc-Dermott," of Philadelphia, throws light upon the matter in these words : Ñ In advocating a moral union of church 