74 LIBERTY for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye recon-ciled to God." 2 Cor. 5: 18-20. Christ himself announced the true principle of the separation of church and state when the Pharisees tried to entangle him in his talk : " They sent out unto him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, Master, we know that thou art true, and teaehest the way of God in truth, neither earest thou for any man: for thou regardest not the person of men. Tell us therefore, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not? But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt  ye me, ye hypocrites, Show me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22: 16-21. All the state has any right to demand is the discharge of civil duties. When a state or municipality goes beyond this, the only possible results are evil. The rule of the gospel is " not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." C. P. B. Ł Mi.ŁŁ MP,/431,PAMMI,I,S,94  IIP  MkplIAVS(MAPAIV,INMPAIAVIMMIPAMIPAMMMIXIM)P 4PAAVRAVVP4, 1- ,-..5, More Recent Investigation of I. e.,  Ł Ł the Parks Case o. - . t.= Ł By Our Own Reporter Ii. .. .a iillrieei-aiiirriardirrigtreatiariiirriiriiiiriiiitriVittiOriiilrricTiiilriiiitii NiViitiesiliAffili \i-fiiilrimlnii TANGIER ISLAND is surrounded by a low, marshy coast, and we had to get a pilot to find the way in. The island has from 1,200 to 1,500 inhabitants. Tangier village has only one irregular street, about ten feet wide. There isn't an automobile, a horse, or a cow on the island. The inhabitants catch fish, crab, and oysters for a living. They bury their dead in their front yards. I saw the mayor,, but he refuses to talk. They had a preliminary hearing or trial of the constable before a justice, and he was bound over to circuit court, the next term of which begins the first Monday in June. In the meantime the accused and his friends are saying nothing. I suppose their council has ad-vised them to keep still. I saw the father of the boy, H. P. Parks, and a brother, "William H. Parks, and from them I learned the following facts : The mayor c.: the village, Carey Croc-kett, and the other members of the coun-cil are the leaders in the church. Mr. Crockett is a sort of local preacher or  exhorter; he teaches a class, and is leader of the young people's work. They, the mayor and his council, were responsible for the ordinance requiring people to go to church or to stay indoors while services were being held. It was not the church as a whole that demanded the law. There were a great many in the church, good people, who had nothing to do with it, and are not in sympathy with it. It is the mayor and his satellites who dominate both church and municipal affairs. I had considerable difficulty in finding out about the ordinance in question. When they saw what public indignation had been aroused outside their island by it, and the shooting it led to, they refused to show the ordinance to any of the re-porters, and sometimes, it is said, even denied its existence. But Mr. Parks told me their lawyer had obtained a copy of it, and it read substantially as quoted by the Crisfield Times: " The law," it is stated, " provides that it shall be a vio-lation for any person to sit on a porch or stand on street on Tangier Island on 