564-t34  LIBERTY An Embarrassing Question Mr. King, the president of the George-town Citizens' Association, urged the passage of the bill in behalf of some of the residents of Georgetown, but intro-duced no argument of any weight. His chief plea was that unless all stores were closed on Sunday, those who did close would suffer the loss of their trade, which would be likely to be transferred to the stores which kept open. Being asked whether he knew of any city in the country where Sunday was better ob-served than in Washington, and being pressed to a definite reply, Mr. King was obliged to say, " No, I do not know that I do," and the member of the committee who asked the question then declared : " I would rather have a love and a re-spect for the sabbath day implanted in a man's heart than all the laws you could put on the statute-books." When plead-ing for Sunday laws to prevent the im-portation of the Continental Sunday into America, and citing the laxness with which Sunday was observed in London as an example of what should be avoided, Mr. King was considerably non-plussed to be told that there were twen-ty-seven Sunday laws in force in Lon-don. Sarcastic Mr. Sands Mr. F. P. B. Sands, representing the Master Butchers' Association of the Dis-trict of Columbia and its employees, was the next speaker who undertook to urge the passage of the bill. Mr. Sands was very sarcastic in his reference to the opponents of the measure, saying: " We have listened to a great many es-says upon religious views of individuals representing different religious bodies." He gave a brief outline of his hitherto unsuccessful efforts to secure the pas-sage of the law for the benefit of his clients ; and declared : " This is no re-ligious question. I drafted the bill, and I never consulted or asked or talked with any priest or minister of any de-nomination." He argued that it was " an affront to the intelligence of the com-mittee " for the opponents of the meas- ure to criticize the exemption clause, which, he stated, " is intended to give them all the protection they ask for under the bill." It did not seem to dawn upon the mind of Mr. Sands that it was possible for any one to oppose this legis-lation because of the wrong principles involved, or that any one could have any other purpose than a selfish one, merely to avoid arrest and prosecution, in ap-pearing against the bill. A Demand for Protection Mr. Henry I. Meader spoke in behalf of the retail grocers, stating : " We want a law here to protect those business men who do keep open, in closing on Sunday, so that they may close any day they see fit." " We appeal to you [the committee] that you give us the proper kind of day, that we may have a day of rest." " The Jews, and Seventh-day Ad-ventists, and various other denomina-tions can have their day of rest just the same as we are asking for here." If Mr. Meader, and those whom he repre-sented, were willing to follow the ex-ample of Seventh-day Adventists,Ñ, de-cide upon a day which they would ob-serve as the sabbath, and then observe it, without asking for a law compelling every one else to observe the same day, Ñ there would be no occasion for fur-ther legislation, and congressional com-mittees would not be compelled to devote any of their time to hearings upon pro-posed Sunday laws. IT is not toleration which is estab-lished in our system, but religious lib-erty.Ñ Judge Cooley. OF course, the church has and ought to have authority in the administration of her internal affairs, but she should have no authority whatever over the public, or over any individual outside her own institutions. Beyond her own walls let the church have unbounded influence, but not one iota of authority. Ñ Dr. Strong. 