LIBERTY 61 " The absence of the names of God and Christ, in a purely political and legal docu-ment, no more proves denial or irreverence than the absence of those names in a mathematical treatise, or the statutes of a bank or railroad corporation. The title Holiness' does not make the Pope of Rome any holier than he is, and it makes the contradiction only more glar-ing in such characters as Alexander VI. The book of Esther and the Song of Solomon are undoubtedly productions of devout worshipers of Jehovah; and yet the name of God does not once occur in them. " We may go farther and say that the Con-stitution not only contains nothing which is ir-religious or unchristian, but is Christian in sub-stance, though not in form. It is pervaded by the spirit of justice and humanity, which are Christian. The First Amendment could not have originated in any pagan or Mohammedan country, but presupposes Christian civilization and culture. Christianity alone has taught men to respect the sacredness of the human person-ality as made in the image of God and redeemed by Christ, and to protect its rights and privi-leges, including the freedom of worship, against the encroachments of the temporal power and the absolutism of the state."Š Id., p. 40. It was from no spirit of irreverence, or prin-ciple of atheism that the immortal framers of our Constitution omitted the name of the Deity. In requiring an official oath for the President and other officers of state, it distinctly recog-nizes God. But the framers of the nation's fundamental law, wishing to divorce forever church and state, have bidden the lawmaking power to keep its hands off religion, leaving every man free fo worship or not to worship, as he may feel disposed. The people of this fair land should see to it that no combination of religionists be allowed to influence lawmaking bodies to unite church and state and legislate on religious questions. Thomas Jefferson, in his " Notes on Virginia," query XVII, said: " The spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people care- less. A single zealot may commence persecution, and better men be his victims. It can never be too often repeated, that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest, and ourselves united. From the conclusions of this war we shall be Toing downhill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for sup-port. They will be forgotten, therefore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due respect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a con-vulsion." The words of this eminent statesman should ever be kept in mind. We are in a period of change. Lawlessness is in the air. The tend- envy in many quarters is to do away with the Constitution, and erect a new order of things. But our safety, both as a people and as a na-tion, is in clinging to the great pillars of our fundamental law, and keeping church and state forever separate. Otherwise religious liberty will expire in our midst, and the fires of re-ligious tyranny and despotism begin to burn in this land as they have in other nations. A Mundane Religion IN this time of reconstruction a great many people are discussing a proposal to recon-struct Christianity, or even to substitute for it a new religion " better suited to modern conditions." People who talk thus show plainly that they do not know what true religion is. The Chris-tian religion is more than a mere ethical sys-tem. It is ethical in that it has a distinct moral code; but it is more than that, it is spiritual. Ethics teach what men should do, how they should live, what their relations should be toward their fellow men, etc. The Christian religion does more than this; it furnishes the means of attaining the moral excellence pre-scribed by its moral code, the greatest ever known to mankind, namely, the decalogue, as magnified and honored by Christ himself. In and of itself that code furnishes no power to enable men to obeyŁ its precepts. But reli-gion, the religion of Jesus Christ, and his re-ligion only, makes possible the realization of the highest ideal in the whole domain of morals. As expressed in the Old Testament, the sum of all morality is: " Fear God, and keep his com-mandments: for this is the whole duty of man." Eccl. 12: 13. As defined by our Saviour, it is, " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength," and " Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." Mark 12: 30, 31. But in realization this is a living experience, a life, and not a theory, nor even a moral tenet, and cannot be communicated to any one nor enforced upon any one, even by the divine Being himself; it must be sought, entered upon, and lived. It is for this reason that they are missing the mark who are hoping to see the kingdom of Christ ushered in by political action. That can never be; therefore the League of Nations cannot be religious in any sense, but must be wholly political, and ought not to be regarded in any other way. Any ef-fort to link it to the church in any measure, or to attach the church to it in any way, is a most serious error. The Holy Roman Empire, which, as one keen thinker said, was neither holy, nor Roman, nor an empire, not only had a religious phase, but 