SIR FRANCIS BACON The writings of Sir Francis Bacon on " The Dignity and Increase of Knowledge," were con-demned by the Roman Catholic Congregation of the Index, July 24, 1668. See 1907 Vatican Edition of " Index of Prohibited Books," page 55 LIBERTY 33 And the penalty for reading such books reads thus: Š If any one read or keep any books com-posed by heretics, or the writings of any author suspected of heresy or false doc-trine, he shall instantly incur the sentence of excommunication; and those who read or keep works interdicted on another ac-count, besides the moral sin committed, shall be severely punished, at the will of the bishops.Š The Tyranny of Popery, page io. Presbyterian Board of Publication, Philadelphia. As far back as the year 5754, this " Index of Prohibited Books " embraced 20,000 volumes. And since that time it is stated that the condemna-tion of standard literary works has been " so sweeping that no person who obeyed and abstained from reading the condemned works could be styled a liberally educated person." This brief outline of the literary policy of the Catholic hierarchy will assist the reader in analyzing the motives and plans of the Papacy with reference to modern Protestant literature. For a complete list of the works condemned by the Roman Catholic Church up to A. D. 1907, see "Index Li-brorum Prohibitorum," inclu-ding " Constitutiones Apos-tolicce De Examine et Pro-hibitione Librorum," as au-thorized by Pope Leo XIII, approved by Pope Pius X, dated 1907, bearing the Vatican imprint. This same " Index " condemns the " vernacular versions of the Holy Scrip-tures." Commenting upon this policy, Victor Hugo well says : " Every step which the intelligence of Europe has taken, has been in spite of it [Rome]. Its history is written in the history of human progress, but it is written on the back of the leaf. . . . There is a book Ša book which is from one end to the other an emanation from above Š a book which contains all human wisdom illu-minated by all divine wisdom Š a book which the veneration of the people calls the book Š the Bible! Well, your cen-sure has reached even that Š unheard-of thing ! Popes have proscribed the Bible.  How . . . overpowering to simple hearts, to see the finger of Rome placed upon the book of God!" Catholic Truth Society Chief among the organizations of the Roman Church which are leading out in the revision of public-school books, may be mentioned the International Catholic Truth Society. Its very purpose of or-ganization seems to be to alter the facts of history in the interests of the Papacy. Pamphlet No. 3 of the Catholic Truth Society of America (published at St. Paul, Minn.), entitled " How Catholics Come to Be Misunderstood," consists of a lecture delivered before that society by the Rt. Rev. Thomas O'Gorman, D. D., bishop of Sioux Falls, S. D. The subject of the lec-ture is " The Catholic Truth Society and Its Purpose." Among other things, Mr. O'Gorman said: Š This lecture is given at the request and under the auspices of the Catholic Truth Society. The aim and purpose of this so-ciety . . . is to assist the clergy in the teaching of truth, espe-cially by bringing to the aid of the pulpit the power of the press. And it does this in two ways: Firstly, by the circula-tion at lowest cost, of Catholic literature; secondly, by correct-ing through the press misrepre-sentations of Catholic doctrine that may get into the public prints, thus giving correct state-ments of our belief and worship. The press, therefore, is the domain in which it seeks to do its work. From another Catholic pamphlet we take the following portion of an " Ad-dress of Rev. Wm. F. McGuinness, D. D., on the Work of the Interna-tional Catholic Truth Society," delivered at the First American Missionary Con-gress, held in Chicago, in 59o8: Š A few years ago in an address to a Council of the Knights of Columbus, I sug-gested that, though the field and the armor and weapons were not those of the Middle Ages, perhaps the days of fighting had not yet passed by. I quoted to them from histories of edu-cation in use to-day in high schools and normal schools, words that were horribly blasphemous and calumnious of the Cath-olic Church; and I said: " Gentlemen 