LIBERTY  11 another, or esteem all days alike holy ; " and has taken it upon itself to decide a religious controversy. This is the first step in the path of intolerance, which will lead inevitably to religious persecu-tion. What has Congress to do with the in-terpretation or the enforcement of the fourth commandment, or any other com-mandment? Who conferred upon this body of lawmakers the power to settle religious disputes? Will the people per-mit their most sacred liberties to be thus encroached upon without making a most vigorous protest? This is the time for earnest action. Five Reasons Examined IT will doubtless be conceded that the Christian Advocate of New York, may be taken as an authoritative interpreter of Methodism, and we think further that it would be fair to regard this paper as a representative of religious journalism in America. We are, therefore, gratified to find in a recent issue ( June 18, 1908), a clear statement of the grounds upon which so representative a periodical favors the enactment of Sunday laws. In an editorial article, the Advocate states in the following paragraphs its reasons for its position on this ques-tion : Ñ 1. Sunday laws in this country do not require any person to worship God or to attend any church whatsoever. So far as the laws of the States or the federal government go, a man may freely stay away from religious services all the days of his life, and never mention the name of God or think of him. 2. It is necessary to the welfare of the people of the United States that there be a general sentiment of respect for re-ligion. 3. For the physical and intellectual welfare of the people it is desirable that one day in seven shall be a legal holiday. 4. Special protection for such days is necessary, that those who wish to use  them for religious purposes can do so without disturbance, and those who would make the day a corrupting day may be held in check. 5. With due regard to laws for the purpose stated in the preceding para-graph, citizens may make this day a holy day or a holiday, or partly a holy day and partly a holiday, according to their consciences or tastes. An examination of these five para-graphs will show how vaguely the real principles underlying this question of religious liberty are comprehended even by some representative teachers, and into what inconsistencies those are led who commit themselves to the defense of an unworthy cause. The Principle at Stake It is no sufficient answer to the claim that Sunday laws constitute religious legislation, and that they are, therefore, both un-American and unchristian, to say that " Sunday laws in this country do not require any person to worship God or to attend any church whatsoever." To con-cede to civil authority, the right to dis-tinguish between days on religious grounds, and to require a different kind of behavior from its citizens on one day than on another, in order to secure to a portion of the citizens a state of mind more favorable to religious observances, is to grant to the state the full control of conduct on that day. Whether the state exercises this control to a less or to a greater degree is then wholly at its own option, and should it decide to com-pel church attendance or contributions for the support of public worship, as has been done in the past, those who concede the right of the state to enact any Sun-day law, would have no just ground for complaint. It may seem to some minds that the American colonists might better have paid the tax of three pence a pound upon tea rather than to have precipitated a revolution, but those who know the difference between being slaves and free 