36 LIBERTY Among those who have joined Mr. Re-botier in expressing their sympathy with Bishop Miraglia, and commending him to others, are the following noted per-sonages : Lord Radstock, Rev. Preben-dary H. Webb-Peploe, Rev. Prebendary Lewis Barrett White, Rev. Charles Wright, D. D., Rev. F. B. Meyer, and Edmund P. Field, Esq., general secretary of the Evangelical Alliance. In the year 1897 Miraglia and his con-gregation joined the Old Catholics, who had rebelled against the declaration of papal infallibility made in 1870. By this act, he and his followers declared them-selves " united in heart and sympathies with all evangelical Christians." Con-tending that the Roman curia could not justly condemn him for his preaching of the gospel, he insisted upon retaining his rights as a Catholic priest. He also al-lowed himself to be elected bishop by the elders of his congregation. " No sooner did the Vatican hear that he was bishop-elect," says Rebotier, " than it sent sev-eral deputations to the man who, up till then, had been reviled, slandered, perse-cuted, offering him money, church dig-nities, or even a canonry at St. Peter's, if only he would return to the Pope." Miraglia paid no more attention to these offers than he had to the threats and per-secutions of his enemies. Miraglia's Work in America Following his arrival in the United States, May 27, 1909, Bishop Miraglia preached Catholic reformation among the Italians for over one year. He vis-ited many cities where Protestant Italian churches or missions had been estab-lished, conducting street meetings, and also occupying pulpits of various Prot-estant pastors. His work resulted in the conversion of numerous Italians to Prot-estantism. His success in this direction was naturally most distasteful to the Roman Catholic hierarchy, who, imme-diately upon his arrival, had set on foot plans to have him deported from the Uni-ted States upon the charges made against him by his Italian clerical enemies. In his letter addressed to the writer under date of Sept. 11, 1910, the Rev. Francesco Sannella, pastor of the Ital-ian Baptist Church, Springfield, Mass., states in so many words that " Bishop Miraglia has been the man marked by the Roman Church. By continuous per-secution, the whole hierarchy have moved against him." These statements, coupled with numerous others furnished me by a number of Protestant clergy-men and other warm friends of Bishop Miraglia, serve to show the existence of concerted action by Roman Catholics in America to stop the work of this fear-less Italian reformer. His Arrest Their accusations could not be over-looked by the immigration officials of the United States, and Bishop Miraglia was arrested, on July 30, 1910, by In-spector Andrew J. Tedesco, of the United States Immigration Bureau, at the residence of the Rev. Francesco San-nella, in Springfield, Mass. He was taken to Ellis Island, New York, to an-swer the charge of breaking the immigra-tion laws. It was further stated that "Miraglia was arrested on a warrant charging that he had been convicted in Italy of a felony ' involving moral tur-pitude.' " (See Springfield Sunday Re-publican, July 31, 1910.) By this arrest, this alien missionary was discredited for the time being as an undesirable immi-grant. Enter Miraglia's Friends No sooner had the news of the bishop's arrest been spread abroad, than his many friends among the Baptist, Methodist, and other Protestant denom-inations began to present to the Amer-ican public documents and facts favor-able to him. Most prominent among these, of course, were the pastors of the many Italian Baptist churches in Amer-ica whom he had visited during the past few months. Rev. Francesco Sannella, in whose Italian Baptist church the re-former was conducting revival services at the time of his arrest, gave out a 