170  LIBERTY follows : " They had formerly banished one Master Roger Williams, a man of good report for life and doctrine (even among themselves), for dissenting from them in some points about their church government, and that in the extremity of winter, forcing him to betake himself into the vast wilderness, to sit down among the Indians." Thus they hoped to get rid of a troub ler in their newly founded theocracy, and with one blow to crush forever the in-fluences of his " very dangerous opin-ions," and silence forever " the voice cry-ing in the wilderness " for soul liberty, for human rights, and for individual freedom of action in religious matters. But the banished statesman went bravely forward into the cold, bleak wilderness, and soon founded a new state and gov-ernment, modeled after his high ideals of civil and religious liberty. " Roger Williams," says Professor Gervinus, in his recent " Introduction to the History of the Nineteenth Century," " founded, in 1636, a small new society in Rhode Island, upon principles of entire liberty of conscience and the -un-controlled power of the majority in sec-ular concerns. . . . The theories of free-dom in church and state taught in the school( of philosophy in Europe, were here brought into practise in the govern-ment of a small community. It was prophesied that the democratic attempts to obtain universal suffrage, a general elective franchise, annual parliaments, entire religious freedom, and the Mil-tonian right of schism would be of short duration. But these institutions have not only maintained themselves here, but have spread over the whole Union. They have superseded the aristocratic com-mencements of Carolina and New York, the High-church party in Virginia, the theocracy in Massachusetts, and the monarchy throughout America ; they have given laws to one quarter of the globe ; and, dreaded for their moral influence, they stand in the background of every democratic struggle." " Roger Williams's whole being," says Mr. Scott, in his admirable work, " The  Development of Constitutional Liberty in the English Colonies of America," " was possessed by the one great principle that the soul should be free, and he was wont to express his heart's aspiration by the term ' soul liberty.' He boldly threw down the gauntlet to the world, by an-nouncing that soul liberty was of God, that conscience was by nature free, and that it was the duty of human society to preserve intact that freedom, whereof the least violation was invariably but the first step to soul bondage. The con-science, the soul of man, being free, no limits bounded that freedom but those set by the Creator. . . . Religion being a relation that existed solely between the Creator and the created, God was the only judge of the latter. No religious organization, then, had a shadow of right to dictate what one should think or what one should do in matters religious. As a necessary deduction from this conclusion, no such right existing, there was no need of agents to enforce the observance of faith, nor any right to use them. Conse-quently, the use of the civil jurisdiction by the ecclesiastical, and the subordina-tion of the former to the latter, had no justification, and was, in fact, a mon-strous perversion of truth, which called for immediate reformation." Thus Roger Williams first planted the precious seeds of true Americanism in fertile American soil, and framed a char-ter for his new colony, which in spirit and substance became the model for the great Magna Charta of human liberty and equitable jurisprudence of the Amer-ican republic. Had it not been for the inestimable blessings that came to this little colony and the liberty-loving spirit so generously fostered and aggressively promulgated throughout the English col-onies by the members of the Rhode Is-land democracy, there never would have been a Revolutionary war, no civil and religious liberty, and no republican form of government in America. Thus Roger Williams has been justly styled " the first American." We owe him a debt of gratitude equal to that of Washington. The work Roger Williams began in 