12 LIBERTY GEORGE V, KING OF ENGLAND the duty of the Christian citizen to cast his free ballot where it will best promote the highest interests of the Christian sab-bath."Š San Francisco Morning Call, Sept. 27, 1882. A Democratic Landslide While previously the State had always been strongly Republican, the result of this campaign was a sweeping Demo-cratic majority. In 1879 the Republi-can majority was 20,319. In 1882 the Democratic majority, according to the Daily Examiner of November II, was 21,050. The Sunday Law Repealed Logically and very naturally, there-fore, the next legislature, which convened early in 1883, repealed the State Sunday law, this being the second act passed and approved at the session ; since which time  California has been without a Sunday law. Ten years later, the religious element pushed matters until they secured a one-day-in-seven rest law, not a Sunday law ; which, however, like previous Sunday laws, has proved a dead letter. This law, approved Feb. 27, 1893, reads as follows : Š Section T. Every person em-ployed in any occupation of labor shall be entitled to one day's rest therefrom in seven, and it shall be unlawful for any employer of labor to cause his employees, or any of them, to work more than six days in seven ; provided, however, that the provisions of this section shall not apply to any case of emergency. Sec. 2. For the purposes of this act, the term " day's rest " shall mean and apply to all cases, whether the employee is en-gaged by the day, week, month, or year, and whether the work performed is done in the day or night-time. Sec. 3. Any person violating the pro-visions of this act shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor. Sec. 4. This act shall take effect and be in force thirty days from and after its passage. (Statutes '93, page 54; Penal Code, page 722.) Not the Law Wanted But, while providing for one day's rest in seven for all employees, this law has not satisfied the Sunday-law advocates. They wish a Sunday law. During recent years, the most determined efforts have been made on the part of certain relig-ious elements and so-called " reformers," to bring California back into the fold of the Sunday-law ridden States, going so far even as to demand a Sunday-law amendment to the State constitution. Although having Łdemonstrated that she has been able to get along for thirty-three of her sixty-one years' existence 