G4 The Religion of Old Glory" THIS is the name of a recent book written by William Norman Guthrie, and pub-lished by the George H. Doran Company, New York. It has 416 pages and retails at $2.50 net. Dr Guthrie was born in Scotland fifty-one years ago, but received his education largely in this country, and writes as an American. His standing in the religious and educational worlds is such as to entitle him to a most respectful hearing upon any subject. His book, which is scholarly and most readable, is brimful of facts, but from our viewpoint is not altogether con-vincing. Dr. Guthrie, though a clergyman as well as a university professor, is a moral and religious evolutionist, and this philosophy runs all through his book. Indeed, the book culminates in a chapter entitled " An Office and Ceremony for the Worship of Old Glory." In a dozen lines under this heading our au-thor arrives at this question, " Does human nature then leave nothing to desire? " And then follows this answer: " Nothing, save that we understand it better with its whence; its deeper, its bidden what; and its sublime inevitable whither! " Following this very remarkable utterance (re-markable for a clergyman), is a discussion of the question, " How shall we hasten the advent of the required human type? " And the an-swer, condensed from several pages, is, " Incar-nate the spirit of Old Glory." And this Dr. Guthrie styles " Old Glory's Gospel." We yield to none in feelings of admiration for the flag of our country. As is admitted, from an artistic viewpoint Old Glory is easily the most beautiful of all the national emblems. But far above and beyond this, the political principles for which it stands are the best and purest ever discovered and announced by man.' All honor to the noble men who wrote and signed the Declaration of Independence, main-tained it through eight long years of desolating war, and later welded the thirteen colonies into a nation under a Constitution that has been at once the wonder and the envy of the world. Men are, however, but men, and it must be admitted that the administration of this gov ernment has been far from perfect in many respects; but the fault lies not with the flag, nor yet with the political system for which it stands, but with fallen human nature. Sinful humanity is selfish, and certainly neither the history of the world nor even that of our own country affords hope that it will ever be other-wise. Whatever promise men may find in a flag, even though it be in Old Glory, there is a higher authority, the Scriptures of Truth, that tell us plainly that the only hope of man-kind is in the gospel; not in Old Glory, but in the Son of God, who only cair save us from our sins. Government is a good thing, so good that even the worst is better than none. And our own is probably the best the world has ever produced; but it is only human and has no, power to make even its most loyal subjects mor-ally better than they are by nature. Hence neither it nor its emblem is to be worshiped. It is written, " Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve." This prohibition has not been repealed, nor will it be while God endures. It has always been man's effort to exalt himself and the things of his own devising, but the only human hope is in exalting the Creator. Civil government is the servant of men, not their Creator, not their God. The American Government has served well the people who called it into being, and us their children, but we should beware of deifying a creature or paying divine honors to any but God himself. The people made the government and may change it as they will, but God forbid that any effort should be made to give the best human government the place of honor that belongs to the Creator, and to the Creator only. C. P. B. A Cause for Shame pOGROMS against the Jews, instigated, or at least winked at, by the authorities, still occur in Poland, Russia, Austria, and Hungary, but especially in Poland and Russia. This fact must be most discouraging from the point of view of the moral and political evo-lutionist. Here we are well into the twentieth century of the Christian era, and still the world has not outgrown religious persecution pure and simple. 102 It has been demonstrated in the United States and Great Britain that Jews can be safely trusted with all the rights of civil citizenship. A Jew has been prime minister of the British Empire, and today one of the justices of our Supreme Court is a descendant of Abraham. Here the Jews are as loyal and as true to the principles of our government as are the people of any other nationality; the same is true in England, and would be true in the countries where they are still persecuted, if they had re-ceived decent treatment. 