INQUISITION BUILDING IN LISBON, PORTUGAL LIBERTY 17 cised one of the rights belonging to him as Pontifex Maximus; and it caused no sur- prise that he should do this." " Emperor " was Constantine's civil title. " Pontifex Maximus " was his religious title. Milman says it was by " his authority as Supreme Pontiff, by which he had the plenary power of appointing holy days." It is clearly evi- dent from the testimony of all these his-torians that Sunday laws, from their very inception, were religious laws. They were understood by both churchmen and states-men to be such. At the great church council of Laodicea, A. D. 364, it was enacted, can. 29, "Chris- tians shall not Judaize, and be idle on Sat-urday, but shall work on that day ; but the Lord's day they shall especially honor, and as being Christians, shall, if possible, do no work on that day. If, however, they are found Judaizing, they shall be shut out from Christ."Š Hefele's " History of the Church Councils." Neander says, " In this way the church received help from the state for the furtherance of her ends." In the light of the foregoing facts, no rational student of his-tory will attempt to deny that the Sunday laws of the fourth century and onward were religious, and not civil, laws. This is confirmed by the fact that the first Sunday law enacted by Constantine calls the day by a religious title, " The venerable day of the sun." The last act in this religio-political drama of the early centuries was opened by the prominent churchman, Augustine, with this teaching : " It is indeed better that men should be brought to serve God by instruc-tion than by fear of punishment or by pain. But because the former means are better, the latter must not therefore be neglected. . . . Many must often be brought back to their Lord like wicked servants by the rod )f temporal suffering before they attain the highest grade of religious development." ŠSchaff's "Church History," Vol. II, Sec. 27. Of this theory which brought the climax ,f all this system of religious legislation,  and filled the world with the greatest relig-ious despotism of history, Neander, one of the greatest of church historians, justly says, " It was by Augustine, then, that a theory was proposed and founded, which . . . contained the germ of that whole sys-tem of spiritual despotism, of intolerance and persecution, which ended in the tri-bunals of the Inquisition." This is the road over which the early church traveled in forming the great papal theocracy which despoiled men of their most sacred rights of conscience, and crushed religious freedom for more than a thousand years. It began by the petitioning of churchmen for Sunday laws, and by their forming a great confederacy to im-prove public morals. It ended in the rack, the stake, and the Inquisition. What have we before us in the great church confed-eration of to-day? History is repeating itself. Senator Blair, at the solicitation of churchmen, on May 2, 1888, presented a bill for enforced Sunday rest before the United States Congress. This bill was supported by petitions from nearly all religious de-nominations that observe Sunday as the Christian rest day. It was opposed by many citizens, and defeated. The Brecken-ridge Sunday rest bill followed. It was supported by the same class of citizens. It was likewise opposed by many citizens, and defeated. Then came the Sunday clo-sing bill for the Chicago World's Fair. It was likewise supported by nearly all the churches that hold Sunday as a day of re-ligious worship. It passed Congress, but was throttled by a technicality. At last there came the Sunday closing act for the 