LIBERTY 11 Restoring Trust in God WHEN the bill to restore the motto, "In God We Trust," to the coins of the United States was under consideration in the House of Representatives, the Hon. 011ie M. James, of Kentucky, spoke in part as follows : Š The country is to be congratulated that our trust is again to be restored in God. The President of the United States made a great mistake, in the judgment of the Christian people of this republic, when, by order, he directed that the motto, " In God We Trust," should be removed from our coins. This country is not only a Chistian nation, but we are engaged in sending to foreign countries and to distant people our missionaries to preach the relig-ion of Jesus Christ, and we want our money so that when this gold that you say is so good goes across the ocean and is held in the hands of those who do not know of the existence of the Saviour of the world, we can say: "Here is the dollar of the greatest nation on earth, one that does not put its trust in floating navies or in marching armies, but places its trust in God." [Loud applause.] And so the House of Representatives, with only five dissenting members, voted to restore our trust in God. Thus, if this bill becomes a law, while the people are groan-ing under the weight of the burden imposed in increasing the army and navy, the coins will proclaim to the untutored heathen that the trust of this great nation is reposed in God. What a farce it would all be, if it did not involve principles of such impor-tance ! But this is the inevitable hypocrisy of a national religion. "The Sunday Persecution" THE above is the title of the leading edi-torial in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch of Dec. 17, 1907, which contains some plain statements of truth worthy of the consid-eration of those who are seeking the en-forcement of a religious ordinance by civil law. The editor says, in part : Š If they [Sunday laws] were not religious laws, they would not apply to Sunday only. They are religious laws because they aim to compel the religious observance of a particular day. If they were not religious laws Š if they were, in fact, such sanitary,  social, and police regulations as the courts hold them to be Š they would not specify one day in the week as holy; they would prohibit seven days of work. The high importance of a day of rest is denied by nobody. It is absolutely essen-tial to the welfare of mankind. No one is more vitally interested in its preservation than the toiling millions. They can not afford to be deprived of it. But their profoundest concern in the matter is social and physiological, and not religious. With freedom they can order their wholesome leisure as they please. Without freedom they might as well be at work. Since the purpose of Sunday laws when adopted was wholly religious, it is plain enough that they have failed of their ob-ject. They do not compel men to go to church. They do not even promote piety. They do more harm than good, for, so far as they are enforced, they interfere with more powerful tendencies already potential in establishing one day, any day, of rest. This writer sees in the drastic enforce-ment of such laws the strong probability of " a reaction which will be mischievous," and therefore strongly advises the advo-cates of religious legislation to " surrender wholly the idea that the kingdom of God is to be ushered in by a be-it-enacted." " Is America Christian or Non. Christian? " Tins question is asked editorially in the Missionary Review of the World, and is discussed at some length. The immediate cause of this inquiry is found in the alleged fact thatŠ there has developed on the part of Hebrews in America a concerted and organized at-tempt to prevent all future recognition of Christ in our Supreme and State courts, schools, and other institutions. The move-ment has been adroitly planned by the con-ference of Reform Rabbis under the plea for religious liberty and non-sectarian teaching. In the consideration of this subject the Review refers approvingly to " an admir-able discourse " by Dr. Charles H. Park- hurst, of New York City, who declared that Š while we cordially invite emigrants and refugees to our home, we may justly object to having our guests assume to be hosts, 