LIBF.R1 6() " The Senator from North Carolina says to us, first, that you might just as well insert in this bill the ten commandments, or some equally obvious matter, as this particular amendment. Now follow me, please. First, it is asserted that you might just as well insert in this bill some utterly immaterial matter or some ob-vious matter as the amendment for which we contend; and in the very next breath these Senators contend Š and that contention they demonstrate by the letter of some gentleman connected with the Attorney-General's office Šthat the insertion of this amendment would give to men charged with an offense the de-fense that the Constitution of the United States is supposed to give to every man charged with crime; and, forsooth, because this amend-ment would give to a man charged with an offense under this bill what the Constitution guarantees him and what the law has ever given him in kindred and in cognate actions, for that very reason it is said that it should be eliminated from this bill. " Now, that is the sum and the substance of the argument presented by the Assistant Attor-ney-General. He says that certain people quote the Bible in a particularly inappropriate way, and in that fashion indulge a propaganda that ought not to be tolerated. If the Bible be quoted in a fashion that it ought not to be quoted, of course we would prohibit it, 7 as-sume, in this time of hysteria. © Harris & Ewing *I:NAT° FALL. 01 N NI EN ICO C Harris & Ewing SENATOR JOHNSON, OF CALIFORNIA " But, Mr. President, I cannot assent to the doctrine so eloquently enunciated by the Sena-tor from New Mexico [Mr. Fall] that this is war, and because it is war, a different rule must obtain in relation to the prosecution of criminal offenses than obtains in time of peace. Yes, Mr. President, it is war. It is war from the standpoint of many of us here upon a ruthless enemy until victory shall be won for the United States of America. But, . . . Mr. President, when did it become war upon the American people? When in all this crisis and in all this peril did we have in this con-flict war upon the American people so that the safeguards of the Constitution and the rights of the law should be denied unto the American people? " The doctrine that has been enunciated here by the distinguished Senators, for whom I have not only a profound respect and regard, but of whose views I speak with peculiar diffidence, means that you are warring not upon an enemy, you are warring upon your own people, and you are denying that which has been given them ever since this nation was established. The argument that has been made here today, that in time of war you deny the presumption of innocence in civil courts to men charged with offenses, the argument that in time of war the safeguards that are around a man accused of crime are &toil tiro= him and taken from him, the argument that is time Łf war substantially 