18 LIBERTY stultification of principle. God's manner of influencing men to do right is by his Spirit impressing their minds. Over and over heathen rulers have been moved in this manner to do God's will; while, on the other hand, the centuries of Dark Ages, the darkest in this world's history, were the result of that species of " national reform " that nominally recognized God's " authority in civil affairs " by putting the church in charge of the government. And the men who brought about that consummation were just as pious and just as sure that they were reforming the nation as are the most ar-dent National Reformers of to-day. Nor were those ancient " reformers " any more mistaken than are those of to-day. The same means will produce the same effect to-day, just as surely as that human nature is the same. 3. To advocate Jesus Christ as King of nations has two very illogical features: (a) It is a position he utterly ignored when on earth. When*the people essayed to take him and make him a king, he took him-self out of their way, and sought solitude in the mountains, to escape the results of such a foolish action. Again, when ques-tioned by Governor Pilate concerning his kingdom, he plainly declared that it was " not of this world." His word ought to settle that question with people who claim to take the Bible as the " supreme Law-book." (b) When Christ comes to establish his kingdom, it will not be as king of any nation then, existing. _True, these will be given to .him, but for what purpose? For answer, read the prophetic declaration re-corded in the second psalm : Š ",I will, declare the decree: the Lord hath'said unto me, Thou art my Son; this day have I begotten thee. Ask of me, and I shall give, thee the heathen for thine in-heritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth [not the United States] lot thy pos-session. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron ; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel. Be wise now therefore, O ye kings: be instructed, ye judges of the earth." This is what will become of the nations of earth when the Lord sets up his king-dom. This is plainly indicated by Neb-uchadnezzar's dream of a great image, re-corded and explained in Daniel 2. The image represented the kingdoms of earth until the end of time, when a " stone." rep- resenting the kingdom of Christ, fell upon them and broke them to pieces. So com-plete was the demolition, that all parts of the image became " like the chaff of the summer threshing-floors; and the wind carried them away, that no place was found for them: and the stone that smote the image became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth." So it is said of Christ's kingdom : " The kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand forever." And we are emphatically assured that " the dream is certain, and the interpretation thereof is sure." Christ has a spiritual kingdom in this earth, of which he is the Priest-King, reigning in heaven (Eph. I : 19-21; Heb. 1: 1-4; 12:I, 2; Rev. 3:21) ; and his sub-jects are in every nation and kindred and tongue and people, in the world but not of the world, even as he is not of the world. When he shall fully establish his glorious kingdom. it will not be in this sin-cursed earth, which is to be destroyed by fire; but it will be upon the " new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness." See 2 Peter 3. Then will be brought to pass the saying, " The meek shall inherit the earth." Ps. 37:9-1I, 28, 29. The present National Reform movement is a delusion and a snare of ever-increasing dimensions and influence. " A Practical Union of Church and State " W. A. COLCORD THE majority report of the Senate Com-mittee on Privileges and Elections, in the case of Senator Reed Smoot, rendered in the Senate, June II, 1906, giving reasons why Mr. Smoot is " not entitled to a seat as a senator of the United States from the State of Utah," presented the following, taken from the Congressional Record of that day: Š "A Practical Union of Church and State. ŠThe fact that the adherents of the Mor-mon Church hold the balance of power in politics in some of the States enables the first presidency of the twelve apostles to control the political affairs of those States to any extent they may desire. Thu3 a 