LIBERTY 17 are unchangeable; they do not depend upon the authority of the church, or any section thereof ; the Sabbath command-ment was spoken by God's own voice, and written with his own hand. In the providence of God, a Sabbath reform is now being carried f or w a r d  misunderstood themselves, and their pos-session of religion is a sham, the form without any semblance of the substance. The more there are who have that kind of religion, the worse it is for religion. throughout the earth, and thou-sands every year are turning away from the commandment of the church to obey the command of God. They have taken their feet off the shifting sands of church authority and tradition, and have taken their stand on the solid rock of God's unchangeable law. And in view of the hopeless con-tradiction that marks the positions taken by the advocates of Sunday observance, it is surely time that every Christian was weighing the author-ity of the seventh-day Sabbath against that of the Sunday institution.ŠPresent Truth. What kind of idea of Christianity can PARLIAMENT one have who could seriously make the declaration that " it would be a bad day for religion if Christianity and sport were ever placed in opposition to each other " ? And what kind of religion must one have who can have such an idea? Can it be a fact that there are persons who cling to the idea that they have re-ligion, and yet, when sport and religion are placed over against each other, will choose the sport in preference to the religion? If there are such persons, it is time they were actually jolted into the consciousness that they have completely BUILDING, LONDON, ENGLAND It is not true that unless sports are forbidden by law on one day in the week, " it will be a bad day for religion." The man who patronizes the church because he can not patronize some game or sport, is not helping himself or religion, espe-cially if, by such attendance, he deceives himself into thinking he is practising re-ligion and helping the cause of Christ. Fill the church with such individuals and it will certainly " be a bad day for re-ligion." Religion's danger is from un- converted church members. C. M. 