LIBERTY 135 but we have never heard any complaint regarding it from any one, American or otherwise, in the Philippine Islands. A great many teachers and other employees of the Philippine government visit this bureau while in the United States on leave of absence, and they are always en-couraged to speak frankly in expressing their views regarding Łconditions and af-fairs in the islands, and particularly in the bureaus in which they are employed. None of them has ever found fault with this order, because they know that under conditions as they exist it is necessary to the successful development of the public-school system in the islands, and, furthermore, because they know that it does not interfere with their religious liberty, beyond prohibiting the giving of religious instruction to their pupils, either in or out of school hours. " In Manila and the other larger cities of the islands where there are Protestant churches and Sunday-schools whose com-municants are, for the greater part, Amer-icans, the American teacher is just as much at liberty to teach in the Sunday-schools as he or she would be in this country, and many of the Protestant teachers there are active in religious work. Dr. David P. Barrows, the di-rector of education who promulgated the enclosed order, while occupying that position was actively engaged in church and Young Men's Christian Association work in Manila, and on occasions de-livered lay sermons in the Presbyterian church there. Very respectfully, " FRANK MCINTYRE, " Colonel, U. S. Army, Assistant to Chief of Bureau. " Mr. William Bryant, " 135 Englewood Ave., Detroit, Mich." A reading of the bureau's explanation suggests a question. The letter states that " the law regarding religious instruc-tion in the public schools of the Philip-pine Islands does not differ materially from that in force in most of the States and cities in this country." Where is there a law in this country that forbids any teacher at any time outside of school its principles, as taught in the Scriptures. " That thus to demand and enforce the surrender of the right of free speech, even in one's home, or in one's church or Sabbath-school, on the Sabbath day, at the word of Rome, while the nuns and priests of Rome are given a free hand everywhere, savors too much of the Inquisition, and is contrary to the Con-stitution of the United States. " And that this demand be made and enforced by the federal government is a humiliation to every liberty-loving and self-respecting citizen of the United States. " Resolved, That the synod of Michi-gan respectfully urge President Taft to take immediate action, with a view to re-moving the above-referred-to, un-Amer-ican, and obnoxious restriction. " That a certified copy of this expres-sion be sent to the President of the United States. " In concurrence with these instruc-tions I hereby certify that the above ac-tion was taken at the regular meeting of the synod. WILLIAM BRYANT, " Stated Clerk of the Synod." This communication to the President was turned over to the Bureau of In-sular Affairs, Washington, D. C., to an-swer. We give the reply entire : Š " BUREAU OF INSULAR AFFAIRS, " WASHINGTON, D. C., Oct. 30, 1911. " SIR: I have the honor to acknowl-edge the receipt, by reference from the President, of your letter to him of the eighteenth instant, quoting a resolution of the synod of Michigan, regar ling the prohibition against religious instruction in the public schools of the Philippine Islands. " The law regarding religious instruc-tion in the public schools of the Philip- pine Islands does not differ materially from that in force in most of the States and cities of this country. Enclosed herewith is a copy of the order of the Bureau of Education of the Philippines covering the subject. This order seems to have been wrongly interpreted by a number of people in the United States, 