LIBERTY 29 Charles V and His Clocks W. A. COLCORD THERE is a tradition which tells how Charles V, of Germany, the great opposer of Luther and the Reformation, while in the monastery of San Yuste, whither he had retired upon his abdication, after vainly en-deavoring to make some clocks that he had about him run together, made the following observation: " How foolish I have been to think I could make all men believe alike about religion, when here I can not make even two clocks keep the same time." There is a lesson here for all who believe in the theory of attempting to secure uni-formity of belief by force. It is both a hopeless and a wicked task. Pope has well said: " It is with our judgments as with our watches Š none go just alike, yet each be-lieves his own." And each has a right to believe his own, otherwise there can be no such thing as individual rights and religious liberty. The Importance of the Sabbath T. E. BOWEN " THE Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath." Mark 2 : 27. Jesus sought by precept and example to place the sacred institution of the Sabbath in its original and proper setting. At crea-tion, when man came forth from the hand of his Creator on the sixth day of creation week, as the Creator's crowning work, God gave to the race the Sabbath. The inspired record says: " And the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. And on the seventh day God finished his work which he had made: and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day, and hallowed it; because that in it he rested from all his work which God had created and made." Gen. 2: 5-3. The observance of the Sabbath is a very important matter. It interests every indi-vidual; for through the Sabbath God has provided that a direct connection may be maintained between every son and daughter of Adam and himself. To properly keep the Sabbath will so give the correct poise to man's whole career as to keep him in touch with heaven; and, being in touch with his Creator, place him where he can be of the highest possible service to his fellow men. These statements are not overdrawn, be-cause God himself states the same truths in other words. Speaking of the importance of observing the Sabbath, he said to his people Israel: " And I said unto their chil-dren in the wilderness, Walk ye not in the statutes of your fathers, neither observe their ordinances, nor defile yourselves with their idols. I am Jehovah your God: walk in my statutes, and keep mine ordinances, and do them; and hallow my Sabbaths; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may know that 'I am Jehovah your God." Eze. 20: 18-20. By these words we learn that if the Sabbath of Jehovah, as given to man at Eden, were observed week by week as Jesus taught us to keep it, man would not, yea, could not, depart so far from the true worship of the one true God, the Creator Š designated all through the Scriptures as the One by whose power the heavens and the earth were created Š as to worship idols. It was the weekly recur-rence of the Sabbath, and man's observ-ance of it in true worship, thus coming in close communion with his Maker through living faith, that was designed to keep him from departing from his God. It will be observed that the Sabbath com-mandment begins with the word " remem-ber." No sooner has one Sabbath passed than the true Sabbath-keeper must begin to keep in mind the next. Thus all through the week he must " remember " the Sabbath. He should prepare for it, so' that when it comes, all his own work will be done, and he may be ready to welcome it, and observe it with delight, as the " holy of the Lord." It is very important how the Sabbath is kept. Jesus was a Sabbath-keeper. And he is our example in all things. Let it be distinctly understood that Jesus kept the Sabbath as God the Father wants it kept, and, too, that he kept holy the seventh day ; and, although his own people condemned him as a Sabbath-breaker, yet no place can be found where Jesus failed in the proper observance of the day. To prove a failure would involve the Son of God in sin, and thus cut off the race from life and a Sa-viour. But Christ kept the whole law, the Sabbath of the fourth commandment in-cluded, and in doing this earned the right to redeem the lost race. But how did Jesus keep the Sabbath? Do we find him in complete inactivity Š in idleness? Š No. But how did he spend the 