LIBERTY 11 With all due respect to Governor Os-born's proposed plan to ameliorate the condition of the working classes, elevate Sunday amusements, and incidentally fill the churches, the carrying out of this plan would most certainly result in a union of the church and the civil power both in name and in fact. It would re-sult not merely in a union of church and state on an equal basis, but rather in the elevation of the church above the state. No powerful church seeking the aid of the secular power to further her ends has been satisfied with being on an equal-ity with the state. Her aim is ever to seek to control the state. Commenting upon the desire of the worldly church to enter into unlawful, relations with the civil power, Dr. Philip Schaff, the his-torian, says on page II of his work " Church and State :" " Secular power has proved a satanic gift to the church, and ecclesiastical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of the state." And in his essay on " Southey's Colloquies," Lord Macaulay well said, " The whole history of the Christian re-ligion shows that she [the church] is in far greater danger of being corrupted by the alliance of power than of being crushed by its opposition." Further, in his letter written to Edward Everett, in 1823, President James Madison said: " Religion is not in the purview of hu-man government. Religion is essentially distinct from government and exempt from its cognizance. A connection be-tween them is injurious to both." Not a New Idea This idea of church control of amuse-ments and other human activities on Sunday is not a new thing. As far back as the fourth century we find the first Sunday law, the famous Sunday law of Constantine, enacted March 7, 321 A. D., forbidding work by the professional classes, judges, town's people, and me-chanics, but permitting agricultural pur-suits to go on as usual. This law was in force until 386, when, according to Ne-ander (Church History, Vol. IT, page 300), " Civil transactions of every kind  on Sunday were strictly forbidden. Whoever transgressed was to be con-sidered, in fact, as guilty of sacrilege." But this religious legislation did not fill the churches. Not being allowed to do any work on Sunday the people natu-rally flocked to the theaters and the circuses, which were crowded every Sunday. The object of the Sunday laws being then, as to-day, to increase church attendance, the ecclesiastical authorities of the fourth century held a convention at Carthage in 401 A. D., at which time the bishops passed a resolution to pe-tition Emperor Constantine, " that the public shows might be transferred from the Christian Sunday and from the feast-days to some other days of the week ;" and the reason they gave for making this request was that " the people congregate more to the circus than to the church." See Neander's Church History, Vol. II, page 300, note 5. In response to this request of the church authorities in Carthage in 401, a Sunday law was secured in 425 which closed the public amusements on Sunday, the reason for its passage being " in or-der that the devotion of the faithful might be free from all disturbance." (Id., page 301.) But then, as now, most of the professed Christians preferred to go to the theaters or other amusements on Sunday. Consequently, the next log-ical step for the church authorities to take was to compel the people to be religious and to go to church. Accord-ingly we find the Catholic Church au-thorities advancing the following the-ory, voiced by St. Augustine, who wrote :Š " It is indeed better that men should be brought to serve God by instruction than by fear of punishment, or by pain. But because the former means are bet-ter, the latter must not, therefore, be neglected. Many must often be brought back to their Lord, like wicked servants, by the rod of temporal suffering, before they attain to the highest grade of re-ligious development."Š Schaff's Church History, Vol. II, sec. 27. 