24 LIBERTY " The report of his gun reached the ears of policemen sent out by the game war-dens to watch for poachers, and they caused the young farmer's arrest. When Zarcone was arraigned before Judge HoWard H. Scott, he was fined ten dollars and costs. " The judge said he had no doubt from the nature of the evidence before hini that the prisoner had used his gun only to pro-tect himself against the snake, but the laws of the State made it a crime even to carry a gun in the open air on Sunday, and conse-quently he had no discretion under the law, and was obliged to punish him for carrying a weapon across the farm." The Chicago Israelite of September 29, commenting upon this incident, says Š " The fanaticism of the blue-laws in the State of Connecticut reminds one of the burning of the witches. It is a disgrace to this New England State to allow these out-landish laws to remain on the statute-books. Think of it in the twentieth century to con-vict a man for shooting a snake on Sunday, when that snake might have done him an injury! A man's life ought to be of more value than a snake's life, and more impor-tant, too, than the observance of Sunday. The people of Connecticut must not for-get that they are living in the twentieth century. We do not burn witches to-day. We should not have a law on our statute-books that will punish a man for shooting a snake on Sunday when that snake might have done him an injury. The citizens of Connecticut should abrogate that law in-stanter." In this incident appear some of the in-consistencies and evils of attempting to protect the Sunday and enforce Sunday observance by law. Innocent acts are treated as crimes and innocent men as criminals. Pharisee-like, the observance of the day is considered as of more impor-tance than the preservation of life. Religious Equality THE [Engish] government has taken advantage of the occasion recently afforded in Malta to state emphatically its position on the subject of religious equality as a " fundamental principle of British liberty." Last May a Protestant mission or con-ference was conducted in Malta by the Rev. J. McNeill. who seemed for his meeting  the use of the Theater Royal, a govern-ment building. The Roman Catholic arch-bishop in Malta protested loudly against the action of the governor in granting the use of the theater, and demanded that the permission be withdrawn. After some cor-respondence the -governor yielded for the sake of peace, and the conference was prematurely discontinued. The home government, however, has beer considering the matter further, and on August 15, Lord Elgin wrote to the gov-ernor of Malta that their attention had been directed to the general question of the treatment of different religious denom-inations in Malta and that " the only basis which his majesty's government can admit for the settlement of the question is that all denominations should be treated with perfect equality." In Malta until now, only the Catholics have been.  permitted to perform religious ceremonies in public, but as this restraint upon certain religious bodies is inconsistent with perfect liberty, in future all denom-inations will be alike free to hold public services, provided that " they are bona fide religious ceremonies, and not in the nature of demonstrations intended to give offense." Lord Elgin also announces that an addi-tion to the present instructions for the gov-ernor of Malta will shortly be promulgated, in the following terms : Š " It being our intention that all persons inhabiting our said island should have full liberty of conscience and' the free exer-cise of their respective modes of religious worship, we do hereby require our said governor and commander-in-chief to permit all persons within our said islands to have such liberty, and to exercise their respec-tive modes of religious worship, provided they be contented with a quiet and peace-. able enjoyment of the same, not giving of-fense or scandal to the government." It is well that the government has thus placed upon record its position in the mat-ter of religious liberty, because there are soon to be placed before it proposals for the abridgment of such liberty, and it may become necessary to remind the government that what is a " fundamental principle of religious liberty " in Malta, notwithstanding the demands of the Roman Catholics, is equally fundamental to liberty in England, notwithstanding the demands of Catholics and Protestant combined. An agitation is now being worked up in 