FALLS OF THE MINNEHAHA These falls are near the meeting-place of the great Christian Endeavor Convention 004 26 LIBERTY and state, bringing to pass the Dark Ages, and the need for, and the coming of, a nation which would recognize the distinction between what is due to God, and what is clue to Caesar, or civil gov-ernment. In the repeated demands for civic righteousness in America, we see evi-dences which portend evil to the state as well as to the church. In the call for compulsory sabbath observance, there is a demand that men shall render to Caesar (civil government) that which belongs to God. Sabbath observance belongs to God, a claim which is borne out by the Holy Scripture. " Moreover also I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign be-tween me and them [not a sign between God and the nations of the world, but simply between him and his people], that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." The Sabbath law is one of the commandments which reveal our relation to the Creator. That this is ter-ritory which the state is not commis-sioned to enter upon is fully demon-strated in the cases of the Jews in the days of Haman ; Daniel, Meshach, Sha-drach, Abednego ; John the Baptist; Peter, James, John; the martyrs of the first and subsequent centuries,Š a ter-ritory forbidden to the state by the events of Independence day and by our national Constitution. Shall this country turn back the hands of the clock which has struck the hours  of religious and civil liberty? It is to be hoped that our rulers and legislators may not be seduced into amending the Constitution, declaring this to be a re-ligious nation, the sign of which shall be compulsory Sunday observance. Let us have civic righteousness by all means, but let it come in accordance with the Amer-ican and Christian idea of civil govern-ment, and as pointed out by the One who ordained " the powers that be, and gave them the bounds of their authority." Nashville, Tenn. A Great Declaration JOHN S. WIGHTMAN SAD as it may seem, the history of government is the history of slavery and oppression; it is the history of despotism, aristocracy, oligarchy, nobility and kings ; slave, serf, vassal, subject; tyranny, mis-rule, caste. And all this has been justified and excused by the venerable doctrine of the divine right of earthly rulers. One hundred thirty-two years ago, in this New World of ours, upon this virgin soil of the American continent, a great declaration was made, Š the declaration " that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned." That declaration was of itself a revo-lution, not in force of arms or on field of battle, but a revolution in the field of thought. It was the calm and resolute expression of the soul and spirit of a determined people. The fires of oppres-sion, kindled in the Old World and kept burning in the New, fierce battles with the savages of the forest, together with the lessons learned in government from the township of New England and the 