42 LIBERTY was a meeting held in Saratoga Springs, N. Y., in the year 186o. The New York Observer, of Aug. 23, 186o, speaks of that gathering thus : "A large and enthusiastic meeting was held at Saratoga Springs, August 12, the ob-ject of which was to consider the subject of taking effective measures to secure laws for the observance of Sunday. The Hon. Millard Fillmore, Ex-President of the United States, presided over the meeting; on his right hand sat Gov-ernor Buckingham, of Connecticut, and Hon. J. W. Beekman, of New York ; and on his left, Governor Morgan, of New York, and the Hon. W. G. Alexan-der, of New Jersey, representatives (with the honored chairman of, the meeting) of the three great political parties which, in the apprehended shock of their collision, now threaten to rend the land asunder. " Probably no two men thought ex-actly alike on any other subject. Doubt-less all did not agree as to the grounds on which public action should be taken, or as to the extent to which this action should be pushed. But I have no ques-tion, from the tone of the meeting, and from casual remarks I overheard, that if it had been put to the vote it would have been resolved by acclamation that our American Christian sabbath, the precious birthright of our national in-dependence, must and shall be pre-served." Ex-President Fillmore said, in the con-clusion of the meeting, he " had aimed to secure the benefits of the day of rest through a long career of more than or-dinary physical and mental exertion," and had given his " full assent to the claims of all to make it a day of worship, and to vindicate the prerogatives of civil authority." While he " deemed it need-ful to legislate cautiously in all matters connected with public morals, and to avoid coercive measures affecting relig-ion, the right of every citizen to a day of rest and worship could not be questioned, and laws securing that right should be enforced." He declared himself " happy  to perceive that the gentlemen of the Sabbath Committee had avoided the many mistakes connected with many at-tempts at moral reform," and their object had his " entire approbation." The Backward Movement Inaugurated The movement inaugurated at this meeting was a movement for the instruc-tion of the people. To this end it was proposed to invite five of the leading clergymen of New York to preach a sermon on different phases of the Sun-day question. The fifth was to be on the matter of legislation upon the subject. And these were to be put in book form and circulated among the people. The following winter the said sermons were preached, and in the spring of 1861 the said book, of some four hundred pages, appeared. The next move of note in this line was the organization of the National Reform Association at Xenia, Ohio, in 1863. This movement, and the aims of it, are familiar to the readers of this journal. Candid thinking people, unbiased in their judgment, have from the first expressed their opinion that it is a movement to bring about in this country such a union of church and state as the inhabitants of the Old World are trying to rid them-selves of. As a sample of such decision, note the following from the Pacific, a San Fran-cisco paper of July I, 1869: Š Neither Atheistic nor Irreligious " The Independent [New York] well answers those well-meaning but unthink-ing people who are forever charging that our government is atheistic and irrelig-ious because it does not include a creed in its Constitution. Our government is just what it professes to be, a civil gov-ernment, and no more. It is no more irreligious because it does not indorse a creed than chemistry is irreligious for the same reason. By the oath of office, the doctrine of a divine Being is inferen-tially sustained, and under our peculiar form of government perhaps anything more would be unwise. We should be 