MUSAFFARCDDIN, SHAH OF PERSIA Recently deposed, whose young son is the present ruler LIBERTY 21 citizens of Georgetown were not asking for this legislation on re-ligious grounds, it was therefore proper legislation. He said : " Nobody can make anybody go to church if they don't want to; nobody tries to do that by this bill." It seems difficult for some to see that the same legislature which says, " You shall not work on Sunday," can also say, " You shall attend church on Sunday," and can enforce compliance un-der the same pains and penalties that it uses to enforce cessation of labor on Sunday. Mr. King and many others forget that this very thing was done in the ear-lier epochs of this country's his-tory ; that it could be and doubt-less would be done now if the union of church and state ex-isted now which existed then ; and that the passage of such leg-islation as this would be the na-tional government's first step backward toward those times and those conditions. Mr. King further stated that " all this bill asks is to put a stop to competition and trade one day in the week." He, too, put the matter of salary, or employment, above Sabbath-keeping, and made em-ployment a matter of involuntary serv-itude by declaring that the employee " is forced to do as his employer de-mands, to work the number of hours their employers tell them, or quit work." The fourth speaker for the bill was Mr. W. K. Cooper, secretary of the Young Men's Christian Association of Washington. The association had taken no official action authorizing its secre:  tary to advocate such a measure, but a number of its members had signed a pe-tition favoring the bill, and these he presented to the committee. He, too, protested that he was not advocating the measure because of religious convic-tion. He advocated the bill in the in-terests of the preservation of the day  of rest and of the " best American home life." With some of his statements most people would agree, as, for in-stance, this : " The right to the enjoy-ment of life makes absolutely necessary some cessation from gainful employ-ment. . . . We are working our ma-chinery and running our stores, until, in our greed for gold, we are losing that high appreciation of individual worth which so characterized our early life in this country." There can be no ques-tion but that the keeping of the Sab-bath is necessary to the fullest enjoy-ment of life, and that a man has a right to that enjoyment ; but the question is, Has Congress a right to compel a man, whether he will or no, to exercise all the rights freely granted him? The answer must be, No. Otherwise they would not be rights guaranteed to the individual, but civil duties owing to the 