20 LIBERTY the catastrophe of other nations fur-nishes an awful warning of the conse- quence." K. C. R. A Resume of Significant Events for the Year 1910 THE following are some of the leading history-making events either directly or indirectly making for the fulfilment of Scripture prophecies relative to the clo-sing incidents of earth's career, and bearing directly upon the question of freedom of conscience : Š The United States Senate Committee on the District of Columbia reported fa-vorably the Johnston bill for Sunday ob-servance in the District, January 14. Reintroduction of the Johnston Dis-trict Sunday bill into the Senate, Janu-ary 17. Bennett bill, " providing for a weekly day of rest for certain post-office clerks and carriers (H. R. 26462), introduced into the House January 17. The United States Senate passed the Johnston bill January 27. Johnston Sunday bill introduced into the House January 28. The " Fairbanks-Vatican Incident," February 7. The Washington Chamber of Com-merce passed a resolution disapproving the Johnston Sunday bill, February 8. United States House of Representa-tives hearings on the Johnston Sunday bill, March 8, 16. The " Roosevelt-Vatican Incident," April 5. " God-in-the-Constitution " hearing be-fore the Sub-Judiciary Committee of the House of Representatives, April 11. War Department ruling against base-ball playing on government reservations on Sunday Š early part of the year. Ex-Secretary John W. Foster's " uni-versal war " address, June. Judge Mullowny's decision that there  is in the District of Columbia no law against baseball playing on Sunday. The Bucks Stove and Range Co., of St. Louis, Mo., yields its contention against the American Federation of Labor, and ceases to be an " open " shop, July 19. World's Catholic Eucharastic Con-gress at Montreal, September 6-i T. The new republic of Portugal officially announces separation of church and state, October 28. Favorable federal ruling in the case of Sabbath-keepers in the Soldiers' Home at Sawtelle, Cal., permitting them the un-disturbed observance of the Sabbath, No-vember 1o. New Orleans convention of the Amer-ican Federation of Catholic Societies, November 13-16. The National Reform Association's World's Christian Citizenship Confer-ence at Philadelphia, November 16-20. States in which there has been Sun-clay-closing or other religio-legislative agitation during the year : California, Connecticut, Indiana, Illinois, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Massachusetts, North Dakota, New Jersey, New York. Ohio, Pennsylvania, and the countries of Can-ada, England, Italy, Portugal, Russia, Spain, and Switzerland. In Him Is No Darkness " LET there be light." That is first among the chief requisites of every study. Very fitting, then, that it should be found in the first chapter of the first division of the Book of God. Ignorance is not only the mother of superstition, but the mother also of heresy, false doctrine, and schism, especially where that ignorance is an ignorance of the Word of God. That Word is designed for a lamp to light the pathway of men through a world of darkness and danger. Let it shine. 