OLD STATE HOUSE, BOSTON In this building7James Otis, thundered for five hours against the Writs of Assistance, and in front of this building was shed the first blood of the Revolution. LIBERTY IS Among the temperance measures which are advocated, Sunday laws are sometimes urged. Some seem to have unbounded con- fidence in the result of their efforts to close by law the saloons on Sunday; but it must be admitted that if this can be done one day in the week, it can be done seven days in a week. Yet there is no just reason why the saloon should be closed on Sunday any more than on other days in the week, for the evil of getting drunk does not consist in the fact that it is done on a particular day of the week. All will admit that it is just as bad to be intoxicated on Monday as on Sunday. The crime of theft or murder does not lie in the fact that it is done on a certain day of the week, but because the deed itself is wrong. It is easy to be seen that this agitation for Sunday closing of saloons is on a wrong basis. I grows out of a de-sire to protect Sun-day as a religious institution, r a t h e than to promote temperance. The need of these times is for men and women to unite in the temperance re-form who will do so on the right basis, instead of using it as a cover behind which to hide while seeking to foster by law some religious tenet. This would be doing evil that good might come. Let noble men and women rally against the rum traffic in a reform movement that is based upun temperance principles. The one great thing that is more respon-sible than any other in perpetuating this evil is legalizing the sale of intoxicating drink. " The licensing of the liquor traffic is advocated by many as tending to restrict the drink evil. But the licensing of the traffic places it under the protection of the law. The government sanctions its exist- ence, and thus fosters the evil which it pro-fesses to restrict." Under the protection of license laws, breweries, distilleries, and wineries are planted all over the land, and the liquor seller plies his work beside our very doors. " Licenses are granted on the plea that they bring a revenue to the public treasury. But what is this revenue compared with the enormous expense incurred for the crim-inals, the insane, the paupers, that are the fruit of the liquor traffic ! A man under the influence of liqu'or commits a crime; he is brought into court; and those who legal-ized the traffic are forced to deal with the result of their work. They author-ized the sale of a draft that would make a sane man mad; and now it is necessary for them to send the man to prison or to the gal-lows, while often his wife and chil-dren are left desti-tute, to become the charge of the com-munity in which they live. " Considering only the financial aspect o f t h e question, what folly it is to tolerate such a busi- ness ! But what revenue can c o m - pensate for the loss of human reason. for the defacing and deforming of the image of God in man, for the ruin of children, reduced to pauperism and degradation, or perpetuating in their children the evil tendencies of their drunken fathers?" The suppression of the liquor traffic is a wholly civil question and one which comes, therefore, within the realm of the civil law, and with which the state can legitimately deal, for it is within the proper sphere of the state to deal with incivility or with that which threatens the life or property of the citizen. Concerning our duty at this time. another 