34  LIBERTY Ñ the same complaint that is now being made by the church leaders of to-day, who are demanding laws to forbid all games, sports, theaters, excursions, and like pastimes on Sunday. One of the provisions of the Allen bill reads : Ñ " Nor shall any public playing of foot-ball or baseball or any other kind of playing, sports, pastimes, or diversions disturbing the peace and quiet of the day, be practised by any person or per-sons within the District of Columbia on Sunday." The Object of Sunday Legislation And, as from the first, church attend-ance was the real object of this legisla-tion, still later laws actually required church attendance, such as the Sunday law of Charlemagne, in the year 800 ; that of Charles II, in 1676 ; the first Sunday law enacted in the United States, that of Virginia, in 1619; and the Massachusetts Sunday law, of 1782. And that church attendance is the chief object in this present Sunday-law movement, not only in Washington but throughout the entire country, is evident from the following words by Rev. S. V. Leech, D. D., of Pueblo, Colo. He says : Ñ " Give us good Sunday laws, well en-forced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers, and our young men and young women will be attracted to the divine service. A mighty combination of the churches of the United States could win from Congress, the State legislatures, and municipal councils, all legislation essen-tial to this splendid result."Ñ Homiletic Review, November, r892. A writer in the Baltimore Sun, of March 25, 1907, says:Ñ "Unless immediate steps be taken to stop the religious decline in New York, the city will become a nest of infidels, and the belief in God will be forgotten, and our great metropolis will become a city of no religion. I would advise a remedy in the shape of a law compelling every man, woman, and child in this  country, physically able, to attend divine services on Sunday, and insist on them hearing the Word of God, those who neglect such a duty to be punished by a fine or imprisonment. A compulsory education law has been passed, a child labor law also ; let's have a soul-saving one passed. Then we will build the tem-ple of mankind on the granite founda-tion of good morals, and instead of churches decreasing they will increase : and those who will help enforce this law will he doing an everlasting good to their fellow creatures." There can be no mistaking the mean-ing of this. A compulsory " soul-sa-ving " law, in the shape of a Sunday law requiring church attendance, is set forth as the means of saving men from irre-ligion and infidelity. And this is but a sample expression of a sentiment that is rapidly growing. In the Christian Statesman, of July 3, 1890, Rev. W. F. Crafts said : Ñ " During nearly all our American his-tory the churches have influenced the States to make and improve Sabbath laws." This is true, and it is " the churches " who are now seeking to influence Con-gress to pass a national " sabbath law." They are determined that the national government, in violation of its estab-lished principle of separation of church and state, and of the express terms of the Constitution forbidding Congress to make any law " respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," shall pass a Sunday law,Ña law mild and apparently human-itarian and harmless at first, but with a view to securing more stringent and rigorous laws later on. This thought was clearly indicated in the speech of Senator Johnston at the meeting already alluded to, when, in speaking of his being a member of the Senate District Com-mittee, he said : Ñ " I have reported but one bill from that body, and that was to close some of the shops on Sunday ; and I thought 