'WET'andtRIY Map of NEW YORK STATE. OCTODER..115. 1106 Temperance Should the Liquor Traffic Be Abolished MATILDA ERICKSON THE liquor traffic is the source of one of the largest streams of gold that emp-ties into the national treasury. In 1865 the Brewers' Association lent the United States government special aid in estab-lishing a tax-method " insuring safe and easy collecting." At their own expense the brewers sent men to Europe to study excise methods in various beer-produ-cing countries; and according to the 1909 Year Book of the United States Brewers' Association, " Congress adopted the system which was proposed by the brew-ers, and which in its essen-tial features remains en-forced to the present day." The liquor traffic, however, seems to bear the burden willingly, and in turn it receives the protection of the national government. Nevertheless, from time to time the traffic has ex-perienced some opposition. Shortly after the Civil War, temperance workers began to agitate the " Maine idea." In 1866. in order to counteract the work of the temperance forces, the liquor forces began an educa-tional campaign, which is still going on. For a time, prohibition gained the as-cendency in Iowa, and later several Supreme Court decisions sustained pro-hibition under the States' police power ; but the educational campaign accom-plished much for the Brewers' Associa-tion, for from the beginning of that special effort until the dawn of the Anti-Saloon I eague era in 1893, " proposed State prohibition was defeated at the ballot-box in ten States, and abolished in all the New England States except  Maine." Still the temperance forces, it seems, have refused to be defeated, and are to-day presenting a stronger front than ever before. The Brewers' Year Book for 1909 says: " Bills designed to render State prohibition effective by fed-eral legislation have always loomed up at one time or another during the prog-ress of the movement, but it is only of late years that they have been taken so seriously as to bring their enactment within the range of probability." Now comes the question, Are the tem-perance forces justified in this almost unintermittent attack on the liquor busi- ness? Does not its revenue justify its existence? Prof. Hugo Munsterberg, a noted psychologist, says:Š " The railroads of the United States injured last year more than one hundred thousand persons, and put out seven thousand hopeful lives; does any sane man argue that we ought to abolish railroads? . . . How much crime and disaster and disease and ruin have come into the lives of American youth through women, and yet who douhts that women are the blessing of the whole na-tional life? To say that certain evils 