110 LIBERTY the secretary into the following enact-ment : Š " Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior shall make contracts, but only with the present contract schools, for the education of Indian pupils during the fiscal year ending June 3o, 1896, to an extent not exceeding eighty per cent of the amount so used in the fiscal year 1895, and the government shall, as early as practicable, make provision for the education of Indians in government schools." (Act of March 2, 1895, 28 Stat. L. 903.) This was followed by similar enact-ments, each making a further reduction in the amount that might be expended on contracts, until the act of 1899 said : Š " This being the final appropriation for sectarian schools." Two of the acts also contained the words : Š " It is hereby declared to be the settled policy of the government to hereafter make no appropriations whatever for education in any sectarian school." In the case of Quick Bear vs. Leupp (1908), the effect of these statutes was indicated, as follows : Š " Since 1899 public moneys are ap-propriated under the heading of ' Sup-port of Schools,' for the support of In-dian and industrial schools and for other educational purposes,' without saying anything about sectarian schools. This was not needed, as the effect of the legis-lation was to make subsequent appro-priations for education mean that sec-tarian schools were excluded in sharing in them, unless otherwise provided." (210 U. S., 50, 79.) The purpose of this legislation is clear. It was intended that the government should withdraw from all appearances of partnership with the churches in the edu-cation of the Indians, that it should there-after exercise that function through its own instrumentalities. Furthermore, if the acts of Congress reducing the sums of money that might be used for con-tracts caused any hardship, the hard-ship fell most lightly on the Catholic mis- sions ; for acting upon the intention of the law, the Protestants applied for no con-tracts after 1895 and 1896, and thus the Catholics, who alone remained, were able to receive more than their pro rata share. That the continuance of contract schools was unnecessary is shown by the following statement made by the chief of the education division of the Indian Of-fice, March 14, 1900 (Memo. Book, page 46), in a memorandum concerning a speech that had just been made in Con-gress : Š " For the entire period covered by the reducing acts of Congress, this office has easily cared for every child who has been debarred by reason of such reduction from attendance in contract schools, be-sides providing additional accommoda-tions for 5,000 pupils in excess of that number. It has been demonstrated, as shown above (by details and figures), that the Indian Office is prepared to take care of every student these religious or-ganizations may turn over to it at any time." When it became evident to every one that the old system of contract schools would cease, religious organizations be-gan to develop mission schools supported entirely out of their own funds. " In 1893 these [true] mission schools reported an attendance of 75 pupils ; . . . for 1895, when the first reduction was made, 754 pupils ; . . . and 1,261 in 1899. An analysis of the average at-tendance at all the [true] mission schools shows that the Catholic schools had an attendance of 259, the Protestant schools 855. It seems evident from this that the great Protestant organizations, in refu-sing the aid of the government for their schools, have maintained them in the true missionary spirit, out of their own funds." (Memo., March 14, 1900, Memo. Book, page 52.) The debates that occurred in the House at (he time of the enactment of 1895, while showing that it was expressly agreed that the United States was under no duty to protect missions against loss, would indicate an intention that the Sec- 