48 LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty iLsociation A Department of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists W ASHINGTON, D. C., FIRST QUARTER, 1912 Subscription price - - 25 cents a year To foreign countries - - 35  44 44 44 Published Quarterly by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. CHARLES M. SNOW EDITOR WILLIAM W. PRESCOTT K. CARSON RUSSELL ASSOCIATE EDITORS SANFORD B. HORTON 11111111 EDITORIAL CONTRIBUTORS: W. A. Spicer, G. B. Thompson, A. J. S. Bourdeau, B. G. Wilkinson (Washington, D. C.); L. A. Smith, C. P. Bullman, P. T. Magan (Tennessee); J. 0. Corliss, W. M. Hemey (California); E. T. Russell (Nebraska); C. S. Longacre (Massachusetts); W. T. Bartlett (England); Guy Dail (Germany); Jean Vuilleumier (Switzerland); L. P. Tieche (France); W. G. Bond (Spain); C. E. Rentfru (Portugal); A. W. Anderson (Australia); E. W. Thomann (Chile), E. F. Forga (Peru). Entered as second-class m tter, May 1, [9°6, at he post-office at Washington, D. C., under the Act of Congress of March 3, 1879. POPE GREGORY XVI, in his bull of 1844, says : " We confirm and renew the decrees recited above, delivered in for-mer times by apostolic authority, against the publication, distribution, reading, and possession of books of the Holy Scrip-tures, translated into the vulgar tongue." WE are in receipt of many clippings and marked periodicals from different sections of the country which indicate that the agitation for the enforcement of a religious ordinance by law is in no whit abated. This argues for a more wide-spread circulation of LIBERTY, that the people may know what consequences are involved in such legislation. Show your copy of this magazine to your neighbor, interest him in the principles for which it stands, and if possible secure his sub-scription. Any one can do this much. Are you not sufficiently interested in  these principles to do this for your neigh-bor and for your country? Let every subscriber who reads this paragraph make an honest effort to secure one sub-scription for LIBERTY. Every reader of this magazine can do that. Will you do it? THE appointment of priests or minis-ters to positions of responsibility in their respective churches is not an affair in which government officials are con-cerned. And they do not generally con-cern themselves in such appointments. The recent elevation of three American clergymen to the college of cardinals in the Roman Church has furnished a re-markable exception to this rule, and an exception which can be noted only to be regretted. The manifestation of this in-terest on the part of civil officials in the internal affairs of any church is not war-ranted by the American and Christian doctrine of the separation of divine things from the temporalities. THE following extract from an Eng-lish journal contains food for thought. A unity of Christendom under one tem-poral and spiritual control has long been the goal toward which the Roman sys-tem has looked with strong yearning. Will united Protestantism help her to attain the object of her age-old ambi-tion? We quote : Š " At a conference at Sheffield on Mon-day, the Rev. J. H. Freedorough, the newly elected president of the Wesleyan Reform Union, speaking on the hope for the future unity of the Christian church, said he firmly believed the great agency for the unification of Christendom was the Roman Catholic Church. " No other church had the outlook, machinery, tradition, wealth, and ability to bring together all the forces of Chris-tendom. It was a strange thing to say in a Protestant union, but the secret lay there."ŠLondon Daily Mail, Overseas Edition, Aug. 6, 191o, 