44 LIBERTY to-day will be dissimilar in its opera-tions from such measures enacted by the Colonial Assembly? Shall we, while reverencing the mem-ory of the martyred Quakers and others, take steps which will usher in a similar period of persecution at this tine? Were the laws just quoted " police reg-ulations " merely ? Every honest man must admit that they were not. They were laws respecting religion, the result of a union of church and state. That union necessitated ecclesiastical courts, with the imposition of penalties upon those who could not conscientiously subscribe to the creed of the state. Shall We Go Backward? It was the intention of the founders of this great republic to sweep away this colonial and medieval system of state regulation in religious matters, and establish in its place a new order of things. And so far as the Constitution goes, they did. But on the statute-books of many States there have come down to us Sunday laws from those colonial times. Others have since been enacted, and now the national legislature is en-deavoring to move in the same direction. But we appeal from colonial methods to the Constitution, and protest against the enactment of Sunday laws, notwith-standing that the religious character of such proposed laws may be clouded by calling them " police regulations." What such legislation was in colonial times, it is to-day. What it did for the government then, it will do to-day. It was religious legislation then ; it will be now. It was a union of church and state then ; it will be the same in these days. The same " police regulations " which keep men civil the other six days in the week are sufficient to maintain civility on Sunday. The fact that addi-tional legislation is demanded for this day more than other days is sufficient to show that something more than civil-ity is wanted. It is the religious aspect of the day that an effort is being made to protect. Police Regulation of Religion The term " police regulation " is a very broad one, and susceptible of wide interpretation. It can be made to cover all the persecution of the Dark Ages, the cruel deeds of which made savages shudder. The " police " of that time were administering the laws of a state religion. The Inquisition inquired into the thoughts of its victim, and if the result was not satisfactory, he was taken by the custodian of the law and pun-ished according to " police regulations.'' Says Motley, the historian : Š " The inquisitors were not subject to the civil authority, but the civil author-ity to them. The imperial edict empow-ered them to ' chastise, degrade, de-nounce, and deliver over heretics to secular judges, for punishment; to make use of gaols, and to make arrests, with-out ordinary warrant, but merely with notice given to a single counselor, who was obliged to give sentence according to their desire, without application to the ordinary judge.' "Š"Rise of the Dutch Republic," page 169. " Police regulations " in civil matters are just and right; but extended into the religious realm, the Inquisition with all its inhuman torture and butchery is es-tablished. Think of a " police regula-tion " requiring prayer ! What would be thought in this great republic of such a " measure " ? To have a policeman call at the home and find out if the in-mates had established the family altar and repeated the Lord's prayer regularly on penalty of being fined or imprisoned for refusal, would be to establish under the stars and stripes a tyranny worse than any yet chronicled. What would be thought if Congress, under the guise of a " police regulation," should enact a law requiring the observance of the Lord's supper at stated intervals ; or that all, believers and unbelievers alike, should receive the rite of baptism by such mode as Congress might conclude was Scriptural, and have a policeman call with power to arrest those who. either conscientiously or otherwise, re- 