LIBERTY 187 curious law for the protection of labor which punishes the laborer for working. Such protection to labor, carried a little farther, would send him from the jail to the poorhouse."Š Id., Vol. CXII, page 468. The right of one person or class to choose their time of labor and rest es-tablishes the right of every person and of any class to a like choice. This pro-posed law denies equal rights. It grants the right of choice to those who choose to labor or employ labor, eight hours in one day, forty-eight hours in one week ; but denies this right of choice to those who wish to labor or employ labor forty-eight hours and a few minutes in one week. It not only denies the right of choice, but imposes grievous penalties of fines and imprisonment upon those who shall attempt to exercise this natural liberty. Such a law would be a vicious  menace to society. It would declare good citizens to be criminals because they sold something on the first day of the week, or because they had labored or employed labor for hire a few minutes over forty-eight hours in one week. Their reasons not being accepted by the zealous pros-ecutors of 'the law, they would be in the power of the blackmailer or the jailer most of the time. This proposed law places all citizens on a level with the wards and convicts of the State, deprived of the liberty to choose their own time for work and rest. The State has no more right to say when free citizens shall work or rest than it has to fix, by law, a time for them to eat and sleep. For the State to deny its free citi-zens the personal right to determine the use of their own time is to treat them as slaves. J. F. BLUNT. Los Angeles, Cal. Are Sunday Laws Religious or Civil ? THE claim that Sunday legislation is civil legislation has been made only in recent years, but careful historic and ju-dicial investigation clearly reveals the fact that Sunday laws have always been regarded by judges, legislators, and the clergy of former times as being religious in character, enacted for the specific bene-fit and convenience of certain established churches. This opinion has prevailed for more than fifteen hundred years, or since the days of Constantine. In enforcing these laws, the civil magistrates did not pretend to be enforcing civil statutes, but admitted that they were seeking " to aid the attendance at divine worship on Sunday." Few realize the origin of our present Sunday-law statutes. Some take it for granted that Sunday was always ob-served from creation to the present time by the command of God. The student of history and the Bible, however, knows that there is no authority, either divine or apostolic, for the religious observance of Sunday. The Sunday law enacted by Constan-tine in A. D. 321 made Sunday observ-ance a legal requirement throughout Christendom. Hitherto it had had the backing of heathen worshipers alone who had dedicated the first day of the week to the worship of the sun, their chief deity. An accurate record of nearly every Sunday law from that time to the present is available ; and it is our purpose to give from time to time the different links in the chain of Sunday legislation. More than three fourths of our States transferred to their statute books the Sunday legislation of the colonies, which in turn obtained them directly from Eng-land, where a union of church and state existed at the time. Nearly all our pres-ent Sunday laws in the United States are based on the Sunday statute of Charles II. The Parliamentary statute of 1690 construed Sunday observance as a legis-lative requirement of the Westminster Confession of Faith when it was adopted by the English Parliament as the national religion of the kingdom. 