LIBERTY 103 Quakers, Baptists, and every other dis-senting sect simply because they were in the minority. The Puritanical Sunday laws which they adopted from Charles II, were enforced upon all alike, with pharisaical exactness, even to the death penalty. Some of these medieval Roman and Puritan relics of religious legislation are still shackled upon our consciences in some of the States in the Union, irrespec-tive of individual faith in the matter. Jefferson's Prophecy Thomas Jefferson, in referring to these religious fetters which the States were unwilling to repudiate as they came into the original Union, uttered a prophecy as to the ultimate consequences, in the fol-lowing significant language : Š " The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war,  will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a convulsion. . . . A single zealot may commence persecution, and better men be his victims." This is exactly what is taking place today in some of the States where drastic Sunday laws are being enforced upon those who observe as holy time another day than Sunday. It is high time that a strong voice of protest be raised against ecclesiastical encroachments upon our free institutions and the honest con-science of the individual. A complete divorcement of religious establishments from the state is in harmony with Christ's teachings, and is the only sure basis of peace and prosperity. Let us keep the church and state forever separate, that truth. justice, and liberty may prevail. c. s. L. IV IV IV The Tennessee Sunday Law Cases SHORTLY after this number of LIBERTY reaches its readers, five Seventh-day Ad-ventists living in the hills, seven miles north of Goodlettsville, Tenn., will have been placed upon trial at Gallatin, the county seat of Sumner County, that State, charged with nuisance for viola-tion of the antiquated Sunday law of that commonwealth. These men are all believers in and ob-servers of the seventh day of the week, according to the fourth commandment of the decalogue. They have therefore no moral scruples against treating the first day of the week as secular or common time. However, out of consideration for the feelings of their Sunday-keeping neighbors they have made a practice of doing only private work on Sunday, not differing much in this respect from their neighbors, many of whom do from time  to time little odd jobs on Sunday, such as cleaning out stables, cutting a supply of stove wood for the day, digging pota-toes for their Sunday dinner, mending broken harness, or getting a wagon ready for an early start to the city Monday morning. One of the accused men is said to have set out a few tomato plants on Sunday. He is a carpenter, and wished to leave for his place of work the next morning. Another dug some early potatoes for dinner, and while so digging from the strongest and most forward hills cut a few weeds and hoed some of the other hills in the row. Probably a score of other men, not Seventh-day Adventists, had done sim-ilar work from time to time, but only Ad-ventists were indicted, because the work they did, or are alleged to have done, was The people of these United States are the rightful masters of both congresses and: courts; not to overthrow the Constitution, but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution. . . . I insist that if there is anything which it is the duty of the whole people to never intrust to any hands but their own, that thing is the preservation and perpetuity of their own liberties and institutions.Š Lincoln's Speeches. 