ORDER TO ARREST MERCHANT FOR SEWN OH SUNDAY ENFORCING THE LAW ! 30 LIBERTY polygamy, or a union of church and state. We wish such a union were as unconsti-tutional in any State as in the United States government. Our only question is, Is it? and if it is not, Why is it not made so? A 'Zealous Kansas Mayor C. E. PECKOVER THE following illustrates the partiality and inconsistency shown by some religious persons who seek to enforce Sunday ob-servance by law : Š During the summer months the mayor of a certain city in Kansas, who is also the pastor of the Christian church of the place, became very zealous in enforcing Sun-day laws. In his zeal he caused the arrest of some who were accustomed to open their provision stands a n d meat shops for a little while o n Sunday morning to accom-modate those who found it inconve-nient to get groceries and meat at other times. The crusade was carried on until no one was per-mitted to keep his place o f business open on Sunday. In marked con-trast to this, was the position taken by this same mayor a week or two before the holidays. Late in the sum-mer the city authorities let a contract for paving the principal business street of the place; but owing to unsettled weather, the paving company was slow in accomplishing its task, and to avoid a freeze up and an interference in the holiday trade, permission was granted by this same mayor to continue the paving work on a certain Sunday. To be sure, the paving company improved the opportunity, and all day steam rollers, steam concrete mixers, and noisy workmen were busily engaged alongside churches, business houses, and elsewhere to provide good trav-eling for the churchgoers and shoppers. They made a thousand times more noise and disturbance than all the grocers and  butchers in town, yet no complaint was made against it. When it came to the mat-ter of a little inconvenience, and perhaps the loss of a few dollars in trade, the relig-ious Sunday-enforcement convictions were set aside, and the noisiest kind of work was allowed to proceed without protest. Freedom of Thought I WOULD recommend a free commerce both of matter and of mind. I would let men enter their own churches with the same freedom as their own houses : and I would do it without a homily, or graciousness, or favor, for tyranny itself is to me a word less odious than toleration.Š W. S. Landor. Demosthenes on Constitutional Law DEMOSTHENES, the great Athenian orator, tells us that enduring power can not be supported by injustice. He says: " It is not possible to found a lasting power upon injustice, perjury, and treachery. These may, perhaps, succeed for once, and borrow for a while, from hope, a gay and flourish-ing appearance. But time betrays their weakness, and they fall to ruin of them-selves. For, as in structures of every kind, the lower parts should have the greatest firmness; so grounds and principles of ac-tions should be just and true." 