32 LIBERTY I shall not speak on any of the local af-fairs of the District of Columbia, but solely upon the principle involved in this legislation. Character of Sunday Legislation It has been mentioned here, I mention it further, and shall dwell upon it per-haps more, and that is, that it is religious legislation, and can not be made anything else. For fifteen hundred and ninety-six years Sunday legislation has been relig-ious legislation, and nothing else, with no pretense of anything else; and now, I submit to this committee, that when the thing has for 1,596 years been nothing but religious legislation, it can not be changed all of a sudden by somebody saying that it is something else. Some history of the legislation pro-posed in this bill has been referred to, carrying it back to 1904. I think the real history of it goes back twenty-two years. Twenty-one years ago last De-cember there was a public hearing be-fore the Senate Committee on Education and Labor. I was there then ; and the Sunday legislation then was the first of the modern stripe. The Sunday legisla-tion then was not only specifically re-ligious, but specifically " Christian." But from then until now, as it has been followed up, it has been stripped of some of its religious phraseology, but not all. This bill has been stripped as far as they possibly could to leave it in any re-spect at all what they wanted. But yet they did not get it all out, although they have done their best. Revolution Backwards The bill reads : " That it shall be un-lawful for any person or corporation in the District of Columbia on the first day . of the week, commonly called Sunday, to labor at any trade or secular calling." Secular calling! The antonym of secular is religious. The act is " for the proper observance of Sunday." Sunday is religious. So then, since it is relig-ious, it is revolutionary. Revolution, in itself, is not wrong, because this nation was established by revolution : but this is revolution in the wrong way : it is backward, and that kind of revolution is doubly wrong. But the Constitution of the United States specifically establishes religious right, in that Š note it Š " Congress shall make no . . . law prohibiting the free exercise of religion ; " and any leg-islation respecting Sunday observance does prohibit the free exercise of relig-ion ; it even prohibits the free exercise of those who observe Sunday, and whom the legislation is supposed to favor. How Religious Liberty Was Established in the United States Now the contest that established that right in the United States was a good deal longer than the contest that estab-lished the Constitution of the United States. The contest for religious liberty in the United States lasted from 1776 to 1789; and it was fought directly on this one issue ; and Madison and Jeffer-son, and Washington, and their compa-triots established it thus for the very purpose of prohibiting Congress or the government of the United States from ever touching in any way religion, and specifically the Christian religion above all others in the world. And they did it, as Madison said, because they saw all the consequences in the principle, and they escaped the consequences by deny-ing the principle. And that is why I, a citizen of the United States, but not of the District of Columbia, am here to-clay, to speak upon this proposed action of the Congress of the United States. All the consequences of all the relig-ious legislation that has ever been in the world, all the consequences of a union of church and state, are in this legisla-tion, in this bill as it stands to-day ; and I, with a whole lot of other people of the United States outside the District of Columbia, see the consequences in the principle, and we, as our fathers who made this nation, propose to escape the consequences by denying and repudiating the principle. 