LIBERTY 25 gospel from that which was successful in the apostolic days ? 0, bosh ! There will be riots and revolution all over this land if things go on another twenty-five years as they have been going. What can prevent such horror? What can save the life of the nation? Only the strength of a quickened church, and the church can only be quickened by a visitation of power such as the old apostles knew ! May we get back that old apostolic fire again.ŠD. L. Moody. Do Working Men Need Sunday Laws ? E. T. RUSSELL HIGHLY to be respected are the honest toilers, as they form an important part of the great web of humanity. All classes should recognize their worth, as by their toil we enjoy the blessings and comforts which are the products of their hands. We are dependent upon them by the law of mutual dependence which affects all classes of society. Even the rich are forced to purchase the products of their brain and muscle, and also to employ them to min-ister to their comforts. A certain class, seemingly in recognition of their worth to society, and because of a tender solicitude for their bodily welfare. demand in their behalf enforced Sunday rest. They claim that, owing to the greed of great corporations, working men are compelled to labor on Sunday. But it is a fact that the reason why they demand for them compulsory rest on that day is be-cause it is an institution of the church, and back of the demand is religious sentiment, as the following quotation will show : Š " Be it remembered that without a Sab-bath there will be no great ingatherings seen into the churches ; while, with a Sab-bath guaranteed to all classes of laborers, we make it possible to develop a proper home life among the laborers, and make it possible for church influences to touch them."Š Michigan Christian Advocate, Aug. 26, 1899. Thus it is seen that the true object they have in securing Sunday rest for all classes of laborers is that there may be " great ingatherings seen into the churches," and to " make it possible for church influences to touch them." The interest is more to get  people into the churches on that day than to secure rest for the weary toiler. They care more for the working men's support of enforced Sunday rest than for their physical rest. Every well-advised person knows that working men are not forced to labor on Sunday. Sunday labor may be required of them, but they have both the right and the privilege to say No, to any such demand coming from any source whatsoever. According to the laws of our country, no person can be compelled to labor on that day or on any other day of the week, except such as are in penal servitude. But, if it should be admitted that this claim is true, such labor would be in violation of the thirteenth amendment to the Constitution, which positively says, " Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as punishment for crime, whereof the parties shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States or any place subject to their jurisdiction." It is further stated that because of Sun-day labor the conscientious are compelled to violate their consciences. I can not com-prehend how this can be. A truly consci-entious person would not, contrary to his convictions, labor on that day in violation of his conscience. Believing it to be sin, he could not, and would not, even for the fear of punishment or the promise of re-ward, be induced to do so. When a person claims to observe a day and labors for wages on that day, it is evident that he has more faith in mammon than in his Creator. Rev. W. F. Crafts, the great apostle of Sunday legislation, bears testimony to the effect that conscientious observance of the day by individuals tends toward financial gain rather than financial loss. He states : Š " Among other printed questions to which I have collected numerous answers, was this one: ' Do you know of any instance where a Christian's refusal to do Sunday work or Sunday trading has resulted in his finan-cial ruin ? ' Of the two hundred answers from persons representing all trades and professions, not one is affirmative. . . . I have never known a case, nor can I find one in any quarter of the globe, where even beggary, much less starvation, has resulted from courageous and conscientious fidelity to the Sabbath. Even in India, where most of the business community is heathen, mis- 