188 LIBERTY " It is idle folly to let loose the war dogs of religious bigotry, hiss them on their victims, and then expect them to be content with barking. It is their nature to tear the flesh and mangle the limbs and lap the lifeblood, and if you desire them not to do so, keep them chained up."Š Hon. Thomas C. McRae, Congressional Record, April 2, 1896. the evangelical mission and the humanitarian work that is being carried on by the Protes-tant missionaries. The motives that those had who attacked the missionaries are easily explained. They have thought to terrorize the missionaries by means of an infamous mob, ignoring the high ideals of their adver-saries, their great moral worth, their keen discernment, and their inflexible perseverance in their undertakings. " Do those who have made this scandalous-assault take into account the consequences that might have come by exciting a crazy, uncon-trollable, drunken mob to attack these defense-less people? or do they simply consider that they feared the power of these ' devils '? . . . It is a miracle that today we are not having to lament tragic consequences. " For more than three hundred years the priests have kept the Indians in the most in-human and deplorable condition, profiting by the Indians' hard toil, worse than parasites. " And let not these gentlemen say that the government is responsible for suchi a situation. The reins of government have always been managed Jesuitically by these men, who have not taken the pains to establish even one school or to teach the flock as they should  have done. They are therefore responsible for the present situation. They have sold these lambs, and, like Judas, they should pay for their sins and their crimes. The waking up of the Indian race, which these men have always kept in subjection for their own profit, is disturbing them very much. . . . " The majority of the priests, with their frequent scandals, interfering in ways punish-able by law in the affairs of civil and political life, have already made themselves intolerable. Let us put a stop to their abuses, demanding penal action and the respect that the laws, good order, and culture demand. If the cler-icals transgress as petty thieves or as robbers or assassins, let them learn lessons of morality behind prison bars, seeing that they preach iniquity from their altars. " If the evangelists show themselves irrev-erent or disrespectful, and if they corrupt the Indians, let us accuse them without mercy before the established authorities. The law shelters, demands obedience from, and pro-tects everybody alike. [Signed] " SOME CATHOLICS WHO HAVE ALWAYS REPUDIATED THE ATTITUDE OF THE PRIESTS. "Jame 18, 1916." Religious Liberty, Free Speech, a Free Press, and No Public Money for Sectarian Institutions in the Philippines BY THE EDITOR THE conference report of the United States Senate on Bill S. 381, known as the Philippine Government Measure, de-clares the purpose of the United States as to the future political status of the people of the Philippine Islands,' and makes provision for a more autonomous form of government, in which the fol-lowing guaranties of civil and religious freedom shall be maintained : " That no law shall be enacted in said is-lands which shall deprive any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, or deny to any person therein the equal pro-tection of the laws. Private property shall not be taken for public use without just com-pensation. . . . " That no law shall be passed abridging the freedom of speech or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble and peti-tion the government for redress of griev-ances. "What other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which gov-ernment _cannot deprive any portion of citizens, however small. Despotic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them."Š U. S. Senate Report, Jan. 19, 1829. 