Is LIBERTY our great modern principles yet, at no time in the course of history did more serious prob-lems confront those who bear the sword than at present. The very greatness of recent na-tional expansion demands that modern nations take time to pull themselves together. A few decades in the past, full liberty of association was tin-known. Even some of the more civilized nations prohibited more than twenty citizens to form an association, and then left those who did unite together without the full guaranties which vigor-ous effort should receive from the parent association of all as-sociations Š the government. Yet as societies have bounded forward in knowledge, in wealth, and in power under the granting of liberty of associa-tion, the rising influence of gi-gantic corporations has thrown a shadow across the future of some nations. Graft has come PETER I, KING OF SERVIA earth now present to us, none of whom have ever taken such an oath, as did Francis I, nor do many of them person-ally believe in such oaths. On the con-trary, they look toward the people, not toward the priests, as the source of their power; and in the words of Tennyson, their throne is " broad-based upon the people's will." They have come to recog-nize that a man's religion is a matter over which they have no jurisdiction; that it is a question between the man alone and his God. They have received their mandate from the people, and these same people who chose them to be their rulers do not wish the delicate questions of their religion to be made affairs of government. Though much progress has been made ; though these rulers are animated by the high sentiment which their responsibili-ties involve; though their governments have come through to the conquest of in, and linked arms with polit-ical corruption. And the unassociated members of the state, finding redress from corporate oppression difficult to secure at the hands of the government, have, in marked instances, taken the power into their own hands, and have caused the menace of anarchy to evoke the specter of terror. Civil and religious liberty find them-selves threatened once more. Corporations which teach have entered into competi-tion with corporations which own. And under the great expansion which has come with modern progress, grave and menacing situations have arisen to con-front the modern nations of the earth. We can only pray, as loyal and dutiful citizens, that those whom providence has called to rule the governments of earth. may receive the strength and largeness of views necessary for the great tasks be-fore them. Takoma Park, D. C. 