62  L%li.E.RT Y had been president of the convention which adopted the United States Consti-tution, began with these words : ' As the government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion.' This treaty was ratified by the Senate. If it was presumption in Uzza to put forth his hand to stay the totter-ing ark of God at the threshing floor of Chidon, it is equally forbilden under our severance of church an,1 state for the civil power to enforce cessation of work upon the Lord's Day in maintenance of any religious views in regard to its proper observance. That must be left to the conscience of men, as they are sev-erally influenced by their religious in-struction. Churches differ widely, as is well known, on this subject, the views of Roman Catholics and Presbyterians, for instance, being divergent, and the views of other churches differing from both. Even if Christianity could be deemed the basis of our government, its own organic law must be found in the New Testament, and there we shall look in vain for any requirement to observe Sunday. . . . The Master's references to the Sabbath were not in support but in derogation of the extreme observance of the Mosaic day of rest indulged in by the Pharisees. The Old Testament com-manded the observance of the Sabbath, . . . and it designated Saturday, not Sunday, as the day of rest. " Sunday was first adopted by Chris-tians in lieu of Saturday long years after Christ, in commemoration of the resur-rection. The first ' Sunday law ' was en-acted in the year 321 after Christ, soon after the emperor Constantine had ab-jured paganism, and apparently for a different reason than the Christian ob-servance of the day. It is as follows : ' Let all judges and city people and all tradesmen rest upon the venerable day of the sun. Let those dwelling in the country freely and with full liberty at-tend to the culture of their fields, since it frequently happens that no other day is so fit for the sowing of grain or the planting of vines; hence, the favorable  time should not be allowed to pass, lest the provisions of heaven be lost.' Given the seventh of March, Crispus and Con-stantine being consuls, each for the sec-ond time (320 .'Ñ` Codex Justin,' lib. 3, tit. 12, i. 3. " Evidently Constantine was still some-thing of a heathen. As late as the year 409 two rescripts of the emperors Ho-norius and Theodosius indicate that Christians then still generally observed the Sabbath (Saturday, not Sunday). The curious may find these set out in full, ' Codex Justin,' lib. i, tit. 9, cx. 13. Not till near the end of the ninth century was Sunday substituted by law for Sat-urday as the day of rest by a decree of the emperor Leo (Leo Cons., 54). . . . " The first Sunday law in this country was enacted in Virginia in 1617 (three years before the landing at Plymouth), and punished a failure to attend church on Sunday with a fine payable in tobacco. This was reenacted in 1623. Plymouth Colony (Records, Vol. XI, page 214) made it punishable by imprisonment in the stocks to go to sleep in church, anal on June to, 1650, the same colony made it punishable by whipping to do ' an.  servile work or any such like abuse' on the Lord's Day. ' So any sin committed with an high hand, as the gathering of sticks on the Sabbath day, may be pun-ished with death, when a lesser punish-ment might serve for gathering sticks privily and in need.'Ñ Records of Mass-achusetts Bay, Vol. II, page 93. " On May 19, 1668, after the union of New Haven and Connecticut in one col-ony, unnecessary travel or playing on Sunday, or keeping out of the meeting-house, was made punishable by imprison-ment in the stocks, adding, ' And the constables in the several plantations are hereby required to make search for all offenders against this law and make re-turn thereof.'Ñ Colonial Records pf Connecticut, 1665-67, page 88. Similar laws, but of less severity, were enacted in some other provinces. . . . " To sum up the whole matter, the validity, in the courts, of any act done 