82 LIBERTY places decidedly muddled, but its general intent may perhaps be determined by mentally reconstructing some of the sen-tences. The title involves a strange con-tradiction of terms. The Sabbath, which is a purely religious institution based upon the divine commandment, is to be regarded as " a mere civic regulation." How this anomaly is to be created is set forth in the terms of the proposal. The first prohibition which is imposed upon the General Assembly involves the mistaken idea that " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," can be distinguished from other days of the week in legal enactments without recog-nizing the supposedly religious character of the day. On no other basis can an act which is deemed proper on the other days of the week be regarded as improper on Sunday, than on the ground that the con-duct of men on Sunday should be differ-ent from what it is at any other,  time. But this demand for changed conduct grows out of reasons that are purely re-ligious. It rests upon the mistaken be-lief that Sunday has been set apart by divine authority as a day of rest and wor-ship, and there are many well-intentioned persons who feel that it is the duty of government to foster the observance of this day by passing such laws as would prevent citizens from treating this day the same as any other day. If legislators would bear in mind the simple principle that civil government has been instituted to protect men in the en-joyment of their rights, but not to de-prive them of any such rights, and that its sphere is limited to things civil, it would save much confusion of thought and action, relieve the statute-books of much unwise legislation, and materially advance the best interests of both religion and the state. Every citizen has the right to claim protection every day in the week in the exercise of his God-given privilege to worship or not to worship, as he may choose, so long as in the ex-ercise of this privilege he does not inter-fere with the equal rights of other citi-zens. Such laws as are adequate for the protection of religious assemblies on one day of the week are sufficient for a simi-lar purpose on every day of the week. Any further enactments, applicable only to a specified day, are for the protection of a religious institution rather than for the protection of the citizen, and being thus of a religious character, are wholly outside the proper realm of civil gov-ernment. To label such acts as merely municipal or police regulations does not change their real character. The fig-ment of a civil sabbath, which is often introduced in the interest of Sunday leg-islation, will not survive a logical analy-sis, and is a mere excuse for religious legislation. The second prohibition imposed upon the General Assembly in this proposal concedes to that body a jurisdiction in spiritual things which does not of right belong to it. It implies that the legis-lature has the authority to regulate Sab-bath observance, that it is its duty to require the observance of some day in the week, but it grants to each citizen the right to choose which day he shall keep, demanding, however, the conscientious observance of the day chosen. But this whole conception of the relation of the lawmaking body to the Sabbath is alto-gether wrong. The guardianship of the Sabbath has not been committed to any civil power. The question of Sabbath observance is not a matter of legislative inquiry. The conscientious observance of a day of rest and worship is a matter which lies wholly between man and God, and does not come within the purview of civil government. Even a superficial study of this pro-vision will show that it involves an in-quisitorial investigation which is utterly foreign to freedom in religion. Accord- 