FRANCIS JOSEPH I, EMPEROR OF AUSTRIA AND KING OF HUNGARY LIBERTY Sunday was passed in 1676 in 29 Car. II. Inasmuch as this statute was for the most part the law of the American colo-nies up to the time of the American Rev-olution, and became the model after which the American statutes have been passed, it is quoted in full. Every one who has ever read the Sun-day law of Charles II knows that it is religious, and that there is nothing " civil " about it. Its very title shows it to be most intensely religious : " For the better observation and keeping holy the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday." The law itself declares its object to beŠthat all the laws enacted and in force concerning the observation of the day,  and repairing to church thereon, be carefully put in execution ; and that all and every person and persons whatsoever shall upon every Lord's day apply themselves to the observation of the same, by exercising them-selves thereon in the duties of piety and true religion, publicly and privately. This, the brief says, is the model " after which the Amer-ican Sunday laws " have been passed;" and yet there is noth-i n g religious about them ! " Sunday, in the purview of the law, is a civil and not a religious institution "! Remarkable ! Why Valid in England Referring to this Sunday law of Charles II, the brief says : " It has never occurred to the English courts to question its validity." Surely not, for it has never occurred to the English people to do away with their re-ligious establishment, of which their Sunday laws are but an essential. and integral part. But in America, where church and state are supposed to be en-tirely separate, it is strange that the inconsistency of appealing to European precedents in support of religious laws in the United States does not occur to some ministers and lawyers. They wish to escape the terrible evils of the " Continental sabbath," and yet ask 'for one of the very things that has con-tributed most largely to the making of the " Continental sabbath "Š sabbath- keeping by law. The "Christian Nation" Basis After asking the question, " Is the United States a Christian nation? " the brief asserts that " it will be conceded at the outset that the validity of the pro-posed legislation is in no way dependent 