LIBERTY 9 has stood for those restrictions most stanchly during centuries past, and still stands for them, is the Roman Church, and wherever she has had the power she has permitted no other principle to ob-tain. Is it to be supposed, then, that a professed Protestant denomination or combination of denominations can es-pouse those principles without going to the same excesses that have made the Roman Church the synonym for all that is cruel and oppressive and intolerant? National Reformism, in espousing the principle of making religion a matter of law in this country, is writing its own epitaph. When that principle is made a fundamental principle of this nation, and the principle begins to work out, it will then be discovered by the National Re-form Association that Reformed Presby-terianism is not the religion of the majority; and at the present rate of Cath-olic increase it will be discovered before many years that the enforcement of the religion of the majority does not neces-sarily mean the enforcement of the relig-ion even of professed Protestantism. But when that discovery is made by them, it will be too late to remedy the conditions. It is a sad spectacle to witness professed Protestantism digging its own grave with the tools furnished by the Roman Church, and writing its own epitaph with the same ink with which it proscribes the conscientious convictions of the peo- ple. C. M. S. The Latest Thousand-Dollar Offer THE Winnipeg (Manitoba) Free Press of April 21, 19to, contains the climax of a newspaper discussion between Dr. Frederic B. Duval, a prominent Protes-tant minister, and A. Gerritsma, D. D., a prominent Roman Catholic priest, both of Winnipeg. The controversy was con-cerning the claim of Catholics that theirs  is the true church, and, further, regard-ing their assumed authority, etc. The climax was reached when " Father " A. Gerritsma concluded his closing article with an offer of a thousand dollars for a text of Scripture proving Sunday ob-servance. His exact words are as fol-lows : Š If Dr. Duval denies the church the right to legislate, why does he, contrary to the teaching of. the Bible, obey her in regard to the observance of the Sunday? The Protestant Bible says plainly: " Re-member that thou keep holy the Sabbath day," and in hundreds of other places both in the Old and New Testaments the Bible insists on the observance of the Sabbath day. Now, every child in school knows that the Sabbath day is Saturday, the seventh day of the week; yet, with the exception of the Seventh-day Advent-ists, all Protestant denominations keep the Sunday instead of the Sabbath day, because the Catholic Church made this change in the first ages of Christianity. I hereby offer Dr. Duval one thousand dollars if he will show me one passage either in the Protestant or Catholic Bible, in the Old or New Testaments, where it tells us to observe the Sunday. It is needless to say that Dr. Duval has not yet produced a text of Scripture in proof of Sunday observance, or claimed the one thousand dollars offered by " Father " Gerritsma. It is now over twenty-six years since " Father " En-right made his celebrated offer of a thou-sand dollars for a text of Scripture prov-ing Sunday-keeping, but no person has as yet brought forward the text and claimed the money. The failure on the part of Protestants to produce a text of Scripture for Sunday observance stands as a tacit admission that they can find none; and it would seem as if this very lack of Scriptural support has made Sunday-keepers, both Protestant and Catholic, just so much the more per-sistent in their efforts to secure for their day the support and -authority of the state. 