LIBERTY 17 of morality tar*  of religion by compulsion among the people may be judged by the dreadful massacres of Jews in that coun-try which recently shocked the civilized world. Such is the fruit that is borne to-day upon the tree of state teaching of relig-ion. What of those countries which adopted the system in past centuries? Not one of them, we find, was ever saved by it from decay and dissolution. In the balances of history the system has been repeatedly weighed and found wanting. France that the abolition of religious teaching in the state school was necessary to the country's salvation. And this was the conviction not of men who were op-posed to the religion of the church that furnished the religious teaching, bait of men who were and have remained mem-bers of that church. And as regards state religious teaching as a means of salvation from godlessness, it is well known that atheism is and long has been more prev-alent in France than in any -other country except such as have maintained a similar educa-tional system. There is no dis-puting the fact that anarchy is especially prevalent to-day in France, Spain, and Italy, Š countries that have for cen-turies enjoyed the full " benefits " of state-taught relig-ion. In Russia the state is very careful to inculcate full re-ligious, teaching in the schools ; yet the state The Question in the Light of Reason The theory as to the benefits of relig-ious teaching in the state schools is, as before stated, very plausible. But does it necessarily follow from the premises of the evil of a godless education and the desirability of a knowledge of God and his will, that the intended benefits of the religious system of instruction will be realized by the pupil in the school ? Is it certain, in the first place, that the state has a knowledge of the true religion, which it assumes to teach ? Can its representa-tives who Łmay be entrusted with the work of providing the course of in-struction to be given in religion, be de-pended on to distin-guish between relig-ious truth and relig-ious error? Will they be able to make an exact science of religion as is done with secular education? Evi-dently there is abun-dant room for doubt on this point. A n d secondly, can the teacher be depended on to impart the right instruction, even sup-posing the course of instruction pro-vided by the state to be free from ob-jection? Will there be no religious or antireligious bias in the teacher's mind which would defeat the end that the course of instruction had in view? Will the state be able to select teachers qual-ified as religious instructors, as it can those having to deal with secular branches of education? These are ques-tions that no one can assume to answer THE PRISON GATE, BRUSSELS In this gloomy prison many a noble person perished for having a religious belief differing from the church and the rulers,Š an example the of state. 