JAMES MADISON, THE FATHER OF THE CONSTITUTION Are Governments Ordained to Protect Religion or Man? BY S. B. HORTON IT has been the theory of National Re-formism that unless our civil government shall " protect " the Sunday sabbath from " desecration," the United States will lose its claim to being a " Christian nation," and the Christian religion in America will suffer to an immeasurable extent. To obviate such possibility the Na-tional Reform Association, with the ap-parent approval of the Federal Council of the Churches, proposes that the Re-public shall place " all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our gov-ernment on an unde-niable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." But is it the busi-ness of civil govern-ment to concern itself about religion ? Is it the province of the political state to assist any denomination in its work of propagat-ing its dogmas, even in the matter of Sab-bath observance or Sunday observance? Without question, the basis of such observ-ance is religion. Says one of the leaders of the religious state idea, " Take the religion out [of Sunday laws], and you take the rest out; " while a prominent minister of Washington, D. C., says, " Give us good Sunday laws, well enforced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of wor-shipers." The answer to the question pro-pounded above may be found in the Holy Scriptures and in the American doctrine of civil government. Jesus Christ, when tempted by his enemies to express sedi-tious sentiments concerning civil govern-ment, stated this principle, " Render to 198 Caesar the things that are Cwsar's, and to God the things that are God's," thus recognizing the two spheres to which men would be expected to relate them-selves in a becoming way. The princi- ples underlying our country's institutions coincide very fully with that teaching. That divinity has thus defined the limi-tations of civil government, as well as asserted the authority of the divine Be-ing, may be gathered also from Romans 13, as well as from the lessons to be learned from the history of ancient Baby-lon, Medo-Persia, and Rome. This Bible principle was early adopted as the American prin-ciple, the principle o f separation o f church and state. It is clearly set forth in Mr. Madison's cele-brated memorial to the Virginia Legisla-ture, in 1785. This memorial was pre-sented two years be-fore the formation of the national Constitu-tion, at Philadelphia. In it Mr. Madison, and many other citizens of Virginia who signed it with him, said : Š " We hold it for a fundamental and un-deniable truth, ' That religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it can be directed only by rea-son and conviction, not by force or violence.' . . . Whilst we assert for ourselves a free-dom to embrace, to profess, and to observe the religion which we believe to be of divine origin, we cannot deny an equal freedom to them whose minds have not yet yielded to the evidence which has convinced us. . . . The proposed establishment is a departure from that generous policy which, offering an asylum to the persecuted and oppressed of every nation and religion, promised a luster 