124 LIBERTY before Congress, and consequently is a national issue. If it should pass, it would practically commit Congress to religious legislation; therefore every lover of lib-erty should protest vigorously against its passage. We are giving you an op-portunity to do so by filling out the pe-ition blank on page 141, then sending it  to one of your senators in Congress. If possible, get the signatures of others who are opposed to religious legislation. Americans cannot afford to drift back to the dark ages, and they should raise a protest against the introduction of phari-saism and Puritanism, which are so deadly to personal liberty and spirituality. Intolerance in America WE have repeatedly stated that all re-ligious legislation is born of the spirit of intolerance, and now here comes an-other proof : According to the Chicago Israelite of April 12, 1913, " a bill to permit persons who conscientiously ob-serve any other day than Sunday to pur-sue secular business on that day, was de-feated in the New York Assembly by a vote of thirty-five to eighty-nine." The spirit of intolerance is so evident in this action that it really needs no proof. It clearly shows the animus that is back of all Sunday legislation. It is not to benefit mankind that Sunday legis-lation is demanded, but to crush the dis-senter and non-conformist and to compel the Sabbatarian to pay a penalty for his views if he chooses to differ from the legalized religious opinions. Sabbata-rians are penalized and persecuted un-der Sunday laws, not because they are criminals or have interfered with some one's rights, but because they refuse to give reverence to a humanly ordained religious institution. All the persecu-tions of the past were waged against men and women who refused to give reverence to men, decrees, and religious dogmas with which they differed in opinion. But why should people be pun-ished for holding different religious opinions, if the golden rule is still in force ? We must emphatically deny the right of the state to legislate upon this sub-ject with an exemption clause for dis- senters, as well as without one for them. All Sunday legislation is wrong in prin-ciple and outside of the domain of the state, because it is religious legislation. God never made the state a trustee.  of religion to grant special privileges to some and to withhold them from others. Whenever the state commits itself to re-ligious acts, it is bound to become intol-erant, as is apparent in this act of the New York Assembly. We do not even ask for religious tol-eration in America, but we legitimately go a step farther and demand religious liberty for all, so all may stand on the same equality before the law. Tolera-tion implies an established religion. Lord Stanhope, in the British House of Lords, in 1827 spoke tersely to this same point, as follows : Š The time was when toleration was craved by dissenters as a boon ; it is now demanded as a right; and the time will come when it will be spurned as an insult. Dr. Philip Schaff, in his book " Church and State in the United States," page 14, clearly lays down this same principle. He says:Š Toleration is an important step from state-churchism to free-churchism. But it is only a step. There is a very great difference between toleration and liberty. Toleration is a concession which may be withdrawn; it implies a preference for the ruling form of faith and worship, and a practical disapproval of all other forms. . . . In our country we ask no toleration for religion and its free exer- 