LIBERTY  7 Legislate Recalcitrants into Heaven How admirably religious freedom is safe-guarded: " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." From a national standpoint, the religious freedom the American people have enjoyed shows that this provision has been more than a parchment guaranty, or " a scrap of paper," notwithstanding frequent attempts to weaken or to destroy it. For a number of years, innumerable have been the petitions addressed to both branches of Con-gress, seeking to have enacted a Sunday law. In spite of denominational differences, religion-ists have agreed and are agreeing for the ac-complishment of this object. Though these ecclesiastical organizations are immensely wealthy, though they enjoy the sym-pathy and the support of some of our brainiest statesmen, and though their overwhelming con-stituencies speak volumes, in our votable form ¥ of government, they have so far been unable to induce that great legislative body, the Amer-ican Congress, to pass a national Sunday law. Buttressed first by a Constitutional amendment, the lovers of religious liberty have been suc-cessful, both as legislators and as citizens, in opposing proposed acts crystallizing into civil law so manifest a church doctrine. In national affairs, who knows how long this religious lib-erty clause will be able to keep the church and the state separate Although the Bible is silent as to the time when the Lord has ever called upon the state for assistance, religious zealots seem to have the studied purpose to conjure up some law that will presumably bring recalci-trants into the kingdom of heaven, thinking that thereby they are doing " God service." John 16:2. By deluded educators, public opinion is often misdirected. Opinion is a mighty factor in civil legislation, and may be educated either for public weal or woe. Thomas Jefferson, when speaking of the wrongs the Jews suffered on account of unwise Sunday laws, remarked, " Public opinion erects itself into an inquisition d exercises its office with all the fanaticism that fans the fires of an auto-da-f”." Is it not the duty of good citizens to sound an alarm against the enactment of laws that will tend to abridge the rights of conscience, or make unwarranted encroachments on the liberty of the citizen? What would become of this guar-anty of religious freedom contained in the First Amendment, if the desires of the church were complied with by the passage of a national Sunday law? Would not such a law make an issue between different sects in the nation, and also between the United States and God? Was not the Sabbath made by God and given to the church? Does he not call it " My holy day " (Isa. 58: 13), and by his law enjoin its ob-servance? Is it not common knowledge that  different religionists keep different days of the week for the Sabbath/ How, then, can we hope for an accommodation, on this Sabbatical question, between the Jew, the seventh-day ob-server, the Catholic, and the Sundayist, when each has a different religious reason for keep-ing the day of his faith? Shall We Legislate in God's Sphere? " Religion " in the Constitution means the same as " religion " in the dictionary, and both refer to " religion " in the heart of the citizen and to the forms and observances by which it manifests itself. The Standard Dictionary (first edition) defines religion as "a belief binding the spiritual nature of man to a super-natural being on whom he is conscious that he is dependent." To the Christian, the " super-natural being " is God. The " belief " that binds the Christian to God finds its expression in obedience to his commandments. If Con-gress, by law, should say that Sunday, the first day of the week, is the Sabbath, and that it should be kept as holy time, and if the citizen should believe, by God's law, that Saturday, the seventh day of the week, is the Sabbath, would not Congress thereby be passing a law " respecting an establishment of religion " and prohibiting its free exercise? But the definition also says that " religion " binds " the spiritual nature of man " to God. We are told that the law of God is " spiritual." Rom. 7: 14. In order to please God and obey his law, should not the Sabbath be spiritually kept by " the spiritual nature of man "I A human law reveals its absurdity in trying to meet this divine requirement, and shows with greater emphasis that Sabbath keeping is a part of a citizen's religion, just as much as the manner of his baptism or his celebration of the Lord's Supper is, for it is a duty he believes he owes to God. If a citizen should be penalized for violating a national Sunday law, when he conscientiously believes in keeping the seventh day of the week for the Sabbath and in working on the " six working days" (Eze. 46: 1), including Sunday, would he not thereby be " prohibited from the free exercise " of his religion? A Sunday law cannot be constitutionally passed by Congress, for it is a governmental construction of the law of God in opposition to the religious convictions of those who believe otherwise. It is a legislative sentence by which the citizen is deprived of his personal liberties and property rights. Col. Richard M. Johnson, in his " Senate Report on Sunday Mails," 1829, said, " Among all the religious persecutions with which almost every page of modern history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government denominated the law of God,"Ñ",47nerioan State Papers," class 7, p. 225. 