78 LIBERTY dicts the voice of God, who, as the Author of civil government, has pre-scribed the moral qualifications of rulers : ' He who ruleth must be just, ruling in the fear of God.' We appeal to good cit-izens in all countries to withhold their suffrages from men whose character shows them to be unfit to deal with the moral and religious interests of the people." This is a skilfully worded document, designed to cleave its way into the work program of foreign missionaries " along the line of least resistance." Hastily read, it seems to mean little and have little if anything in it that a Christian could not subscribe to; but carefully studied, it becomes apparent that every paragraph is filled with that which no Christian ought to promulgate or support or countenance. The commission given by our Saviour to his disciples was a commission to go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature, baptizing them. They had no commission to labor for any crea-ture whom they could not baptize. It is certain, therefore, that governments were not to be the subjects of their missionary endeavor. The absurdity of the idea ought to be apparent to any thinking hu-man being so soon as ever he attempts to think of carrying out the whole of the gospel commission in reference thereto. When he comes to consider that the Na-tional Reform program would require that he invent some process by which he could baptize a government, he would certainly conclude that there was a broken circuit somewhere on the line of his logic. The idea is utterly unchris-tian and entirely out of harmony with the purpose or program of the gospel. But that is the curriculum of this new school of the nations in which they are to sit at the feet of the National Reform Association for a post-graduate course in the science of national religion. Every heathen nation has had its na-tional religion. Now comes the propo-sition to give them another, the Christian religion. To be sure, the promoters of this plan have the idea that Christianity  as a national religion will be better than the systems they have had ; but it must be remembered that if a divine religion were dependent upon the enforcement of a human law, that religion would descend at once to the plane occupied by every heathen national religion. Making it de-pendent upon humanity, robs it of its divinity, and leaves it to stand where they all have stood. The Nation Not a Moral Being Every thinking individual ought to see at once the fallacy of the idea that because God has invited groups of indi-viduals to turn from their sins and accept his proffered salvation, therefore nations or governments are moral beings, pos-sessed of moral characters, for whose salvation Christ died. Nations are made up of individuals, for each one of whom Christ died. If half of those individuals are finally lost and the other half finally saved, then we have the peculiar and dis-tressing anomaly of a moral being " half saved and half lost, and to remain so forever. Surely such an idea is a monumental incongruity, to use the mild-est term permissible. It would seem that the proposition must destroy itself by internal combustion, and yet it has the distinction of occupying first place in the National Reform program for the na-tions ! Every proposition in the foregoing program is diametrically opposed to the principles of the gospel and to the fun-damental principles of the government of the United States. For instance : Š i. Nations are not " saved as na-tions. Salvation is an individual matter ; and there is no heaven for " saved " na-tions,. because the fiat of the eternal One is that, when he comes, he will " smite the nations," and " break them in pieces." 2. Any nation which essays to teach religion in the schools, attempts to take up a work for which it bears no warrant from God. More than that, for this na-tion to do it, would be to " establish " the religion which it compels its agents to teach, and that would violate the national Constitution. 