34 LIBERTY bers do not have to belong to the church at all, nor even be Christians. It is, therefore, plain that the stronger the ele-ment in the parliament (riksdag) be-comes that is indifferent or hostile to the church, the stronger the pressure will be under which she labors. She is simply a state institution ; her ministers are serv-ants of the state, and, as such, viewed with suspicion by many of the rank and file. Quite frequently the state's busi-ness which the ministers have to transact, encroaches materially upon their work for the church. Strange to say, in some respects the  abridged. There is no church discipline to be found within her organization, save the personal warnings and admonitions of the ministers. She lacks the power to disfellowship even those members who publicly deny her faith and blaspheme her religion. She does not even possess authority to grant the request of an in-fidel that he be dropped as a member when he finds his position dishonest and false. She can do nothing toward those who deviate from her faith, but such re-main as members, often injuring the church and gaining adherents for them-selves at her expense. She is forced to SWEDISH HOUSE state church does not enjoy even the lib-erty and privileges that other societies and churches do. Thus she can not, as the church of Sweden, get record con-veyance of real estate donated to her; and rarely, if ever, is it possible for the local churches to secure legal possession of the real estate or buildings belonging to them. It is all booked as the prop-erty of the state. Generally speaking, the church can not be said to have any real estate at all that she can call her own. It all belongs to the state. The church is really in a deplorable condition. She does not own her prop-erty, and consequently her liberty is OF PARLIAMENT allow almost unlimited doctrinal freedom to her ministers and teachers. The state authorities, often indifferent as to doc-trinal points and the purity of her faith, do not like to have her bring charges against those of her teachers and minis-ters who do not stand on the foundation of her confession. Thus it will be seen that her condition is anything but en-viable. She has consented to be married to the worldly power, and that power is clasping her so tightly in its embrace that her spiritual life is almost extin-guished. Owing to the treatment that she has accorded to other denominations in times 