LIBERTY 45 centage is thirty-five. At Genoa, in 1902, of two hundred eighty-eight madmen ad-mitted to the asylum, eighty were victims of alcoholism. The alcohol drunk every year in Italy costs the drinkers one bil-lion seven hundred sixty million francs, which is more than is spent for grain, Indian corn, tobacco, and sugar. Such facts put the liquor problem among the greatest problems in the world. " It is admitted," says Roma," " that most of the crimes of blood so fre-quent in the capital are caused directly or indirectly by wine drinking." From Giovanni Rochet's " L'Alcool-ism in Italia " (Florence, 19o3), we make the following summary : Š From a careful study of recent statis-tics gathered from various sources, the author concludes that " thirty per cent of the homicides of Italy are committed while the perpetrators are under the in-fluence of alcohol; sixty per cent of stab-bing or of furious rebellion is committed under the influence of wine or of liquor. In forty per cent of delinquents the father or mother, or both, were alcohol-ics. With alcoholism comes aversion to work and the tendency to idleness ; im-pulse takes the place of reason, a charac-teristic of the delinquent, when there is no knowing what act of depredation may be done." Concerning the temperamental side of the alcohol question in Italy, the author says: Š " The Italian, usually sober, generous, sociable, a good son with praiseworthy industry, seems quite otherwise than fe-rocious or bloodthirsty ; but with his hopeful, impressionable, excitable, pas-sionate, nervous temperament, prone both to exaltation and sadness, he becomes an easy prey to alcohol." The author does not abandon his sub-ject without suggesting a remedy,Šnamely, the schoolmaster armed with knowledge, and teaching by illustration and good personal example the difference between drunkenness and sobriety.ŠMatthew Woods, M. D., in The Sunday School Times. The Ragged Little Boy HE stood beneath the flaring lights ; His clothes were thin and old ; The wind upon the avenue That night was piercing cold. He tried to sell his papers, But the people would not buy ; And while he shivered on the stones A tear stood in his eye. " What will you do when you're a man ? " A stranger kindly said. The boy a moment seemed to smile, And then he shook his head. " I can not tell you, sir," said he, And brushed a tear away, " But mother says she hopes that I May rule this land some day." A lady fair, upon whose hand A diamond flashed its light, A moment stopped before the lad That cold and stormy night. Her dainty fingers drew her purse, And in his hand so cold She dropped, with just her sweetest smile, Some bright and shining gold. " When you're a man what will you do ? " The wealthy lady cried. " I'll pay you back a hundredfold," The little boy replied. " One little room we call our home, Amid the shadows gray, But mother says she hopes that I May rule this land some day." Beneath the starry flag that floats With pride from sea to sea, A ragged coat is no disgrace ; For here all men are free. The little boy who shivers in His garments old and poor, May open, as the president, Some day the White House door. We can not cast the horoscope Of every boy we meet And jostle as we hasten down The ever-crowded street ; For a mother's prayers are answered in A region far away, And he who wears a ragged coat May rule our land some day. Š T. C. Harbaugh, in St. Louis Globe-Democrat. 