LIBERTY 85 be necessary to prove the legitimacy of the child, he was informed that his mar-riage was not a real marriage; that he and the mother of his child were merely living in concubinage, and that their child was illegitimate. He was informed, however, that if he would be remarried in the Catholic Church, and pay the priest fifteen dollars, the marriage would be a real marriage, the stigma of concu- binage would be removed, and their child would be legitimatized. Mr. Dagonya replied that he was married in accord with the laws of New Jersey, and was satisfied as to the legality of his marriage. The certificate of baptism was then made out by the priest, sealed with the official seal of the church, and delivered to the father of the child. On the pre-ceding page is a photographic reproduc-tion of the certificate. It reads : Š LET JESUS CHRIST BE PRAISED CERTIFICATE OF BAPTISM To those who read, peace in the Lord I the undersigned rector of the Hun-garian Roman Catholic Church of the Holy Cross, in the City of Perth Amboy, New Jersey, in the Diocese of Trenton, in the Federated States of North Amer-ica, to each and all whom it concerns, or possibly in any way can concern, make known and attested in the books of the baptized of this church that which fol-lows, to wit : Š On the sixth day of the month of No-vember, in the Year of Our Lord 191o, in the Church of the Holy Cross of Perth Amboy, Middlesex County, New Jersey, Diocese of Trenton, according to the rite of the Roman Catholic Church, I baptized Anna Susanna (illegitimate), born on the fifth day of the month of November, A. D. 191o, in Perth Amboy, New Jersey, of the father Stephen Da-gonya, Roman Catholic, whose place of birth was Kis-Varda (comitat Szabolcs), and whose place of living is Š; and of the mother Mary Csoma, Reformed, whose place of birth was Patroha (corn-itat Szabolcs), and whose place of living is Š. The sponsors were Emericus Szlatenji, Anna Kecskes. Remarks: The parents are living in concubinage. [Signed] FRANCIS GROSS. In proof of which I sign with my own hand these testimonial letters certified with the seal of the Church. Given at Perth Amboy, New Jersey, A. D. 1911, on the fifth day of the month of June. FRANCIS GROSS, Rector of the Hungarian Church. On the seventh of January, 1912, Stephen Dagonya took his second child to the same Roman Catholic priest for baptism. In the " extbact from the ma-triculum of baptism," this child also is stigmatized as illegitimate, and the priest testifies that " the parents are living in concubinage." The document closes: Š I testify with my signature, and with the seal of my office that this extract of matriculum corresponds word for word with the items taken into the matriculum of the Hungarian Catholic Church of Perth Amboy. Perth Amboy, New Jersey, January 21, 1912. FRANCIS GROSS, Clergyman. Now Mr. Stephen Dagonya, married according to the law of the land in which he lives, is entitled to the protection of the law, as are also his wife and his chil-dren, and he who defames their charac-ter should be held accountable for that defamation. If it is a serious offense for one individual to declare either in pub-lic or in private that a certain man and woman are living in concubinage, and that their offspring are illegiti-mate, much more serious is it for an organization to make such declaration in an official document, and seal it with the seal of the organization. And this is not only a defamation of the character of the parents and their children; it is an insult to the government itself. The organiza-tion making such a declaration sets itself above the laws of the land, and tramples the character of the people in the dust. Stephen Dagonya has a right to return to the place of his birth with documents to prove the legitimacy of his offspring, 