18  LIBERTY great moral law, written with the finger of God upon tables of stone, and retained upon the statute-books of heaven. By breaking the civil law, man be-comes a criminal, and may or may not at the same time become a sinner. For example, Daniel became a criminal by being condemned under the law of the Medes and Persians in the reign of Darius, for asking a petition of the God of heaven, which was considered a crime by civil law, but not a sin by God's law in the sight of heaven. By breaking the law of God, which,  law governs a true theocratic govern-ment, any man becomes a sinner, and the guilty must pay the penalty sooner or later; for God, who is the legislator, takes cognizance of every act and is the executive officer to punish the trans-gressor. Civil law punishes crime, divine law punishes sin. When, therefore, any civil government assumes the right to dictate  in matters of religion, prescribing dog-mas to all, and proscribing those who do not conscientiously agree with church-and-state religion, it assumes the prerog-ative which belongs to God alone, and becomes a false theocracy. If at any time a nation should frame a law which carried with it a religious tenet, and impose a penalty upon those who failed to regard said law, it would be nothing short of a law to " command under sin ; " therefore the government in which such law would be in vogue would be defining sin and punishing for sin, which is ;the prerogative of God alone. This is true whether the law en-forces one religious tenet or another, whether baptism, feet washing. belief in the infallibility of the Pope, or Sunday observance, which tenets, although incor-porated for a guise into a civil law, are none the less purely religious, and place the power enacting them in the position of a false theocracy. fL tlf The Merits of the American Constitution WM. MAYHEW HEALEY THE constitution of a government should contain the basic principles and general rules upon which the government is founded, and which are to govern all its legislative acts. The Constitution of the United States of America is of this character, and is sometimes called a " rigid Constitution," it being fully written out, and unchange-able except as provided for in the Con-stitution itself, which is by a three-fourths vote of the legislature of each State taken separately. This is in marked contrast with the constitution of Great Britain and of many other monarchical governments. The constitution of England is not a clearly written instrument that distinctly defines what may and what may not be done by the governing power. It leaves all to the will of the king and Parliament. The pririciples of the government are  largely understood from precedents and customs, so that when the constitution-ality of a matter is called in question in the House of Commons, they appoint a committee to " search its journals for precedents," that they may be guided in their doing by what others have done. If constitutional questions arise in the United States, we can refer to our writ-ten Constitution, which our highest leg-islative body, Congress, cannot change nor alter. On the contrary, Congress it-self is bound and governed by the Con-stitution. In England, although custom and prec-edent are found opposed to any proposed measure, it could still he enacted into law, as the British king and Parliament constitute the sovereign power of the English government, and not only make and change the statutory laws, but the constitution also. For this reason the 