4 LIBERTY Editorial Religious Freedom.  TIIE history of religious freedom is the story of light breaking through the dark- ness in the different centuries. Such ex-periences have usually been contemporane-ous with the revival of the true gospel. This is in harmony with the real nature of the gospel. The message of the gospel is, " Proclaim liberty to the captives." This primarily means deliverance from sin, for " whoso-ever committeth sin is the servant of sin," and " of whom a man is overcome, of the same is he brought in bondage; " but the spirit of the gospel is opposed to bondage of any kind. God has given to every man the privilege of choosing whether he will yield allegiance to the divine government, as is shown by the exhortation, " Choose you this day whom ye will serve." But if any man chooses to serve God, it is a part of the divine will and, purpose that he shall have the liberty to do so,Š that he shall be permitted to worship and serve according to his own choice, in harmony with the dic-tates of his own conscience. This is the only worship and service which are accept-able to God. Furthermore, the liberty to worship in-volves the liberty not to worship. The right to believe includes the right to refuse to believe. " If any man hear my words," said Jesus, " and believe not, I judge him not: for I came nct to judge the world, but to save the world." This is a principle which has often been overlooked; and there is to-day a strong tendency to enforce observ-ances which are thought to be a part of Christianity. But any such misdirected zeal does violence to the spirit of genuine Chris-tianity. By his self-sacrificing love Christ draws all unto him, but he compels no one to yield to him. The gospel of religious freedom was pro-claimed in the first century in the face of the established policy of the Roman state to dictate both the matter and the manner  of religion. Refusing to recognize the right of any human authority to control the con- science, the divine Author of Christianity himself taught, and instructed his disciples to teach, a religion forbidden by the state as being contrary to public policy. This marked the beginning of a struggle which continued for centuries. The power of the Roman state was invoked against the for-bidden religion. Persecution followed per-secution. But the blood of the martyrs became the seed of the church. The divine right to practise even a proscribed religion was claimed by the believers in Christ ; and in the course of time Rome was compelled to yield, and religious freedom was enjoyed by Christians. The story of this and later experiences will be told in a series of studies on the his-tory of religious freedom in this magazine. It is a subject of both interest and impor tance, and these studies deserve a thought-ful and careful reading. The lessons to be derived from these epochs of history need to be pondered in our day when so many zealous " defenders " of the faith are seek-ing to abridge the right of men to believe or not to believe, and are invoking the arm of the state in order to maintain institutions and observances which they dominate " Christian." Religious freedom is the gift of God. No man and no set of men have a right to interfere with it. True religious freedom includes the right to believe and practise a false religion, provided one does not interfere with the rights of others in so doing, nor does it try to cover incivility with the cloak of religion. The acceptance and maintenance of these principles will he,  in the interest of a pure Christianity. A New Order of Things ALMOST every page of ancient and me-dieval history is stained with the record of intolerance and persecution. Until the Ref-ormation of the sixteenth century, and the advent of the New Nation of the eighteenth, the shadow of this great crime against hu-manity rested heavily upon the world. But the Reformation broke the spell and blazed the way, and the United States government, 