18 LIBERTY was no demand that the ordinary business of the city should be suspended so as not to interfere with the religious liberty of those attending the conference. It is cus-tomary for every religious denomination to hold religious services on different days of the week, but it is not deemed neces-sary to compel others to remain idle in order that their devotions may be accept-ably conducted. There are already upon the statute-books laws which protect any peaceable assembly of people, whether for religious or other purposes, on any day of the week, and the demand for any addi-tional regulations in behalf of the assem-blies on the first day of the week is a de-mand for the exaltation of the day rather than for any further needed protection of the assembly. To show that these assertions are not the mere declarations of an academic discus-sion, I call attention to the fact that there are in the United States more than two million citizens who observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, and hold their regular weekly assemblies on that day; but these people have never asked for any further protection than that which is afforded to any peaceable assembly on any day of the week. They do not deem it necessary to compel others to refrain from labor in order that they may have religious liberty in the observance of the day which they regard as the Sabbath. Early Sunday Laws It is further to be noted that the very purpose to secure "the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest," necessarily involves religious considerations. This is clearly stated by Rev. Joseph Cook, in the , " Boston Monday Lectures," 1887, when in lecturing on the subject of Sun-day laws he said: "The experience of cen-turies shows, however, that you will in vain endeavor to preserve Sunday as a day of rest, unless you preserve, it as a day of worship. Unless sabbath observance be founded upon religious reasons, you will not long maintain it at a high standard on the basis of economic and physiological and political considerations only." Some of this experience was in the fourth and fifth centuries. In the early-  part of his reign, the emperor Constantine, as recorded by the historian Sozomen, " enjoined the observance of the day called the Lord's day, which the Jews called the first day of the week, and which the Greeks dedicated to the sun, as likewise the day before the seventh, and commanded that no judicial or other business should be transacted on those days, but that God should be served with prayers and supplications." In the year 321, Constantine enacted his cele-brated law in behalf of " the venerable day of the sun." The further course of events in relation to this legislation is thus de-scribed by Neander: " By a law of the year 386, those older changes effected by the emperor Constantine, were more rigor-ously enforced, and, in general, civil trans-actions of every kind on Sunday were strictly forbidden. Whoever transgressed, was to be considered, in fact, as guilty of sacrilege [as a sacrilegus]. Owing to the prevailing passion at that time, especially in the large cities, to run after the various public shows, it so happened that when these spectacles fell on the same days which had been consecrated by the church to some religious festival, they proved a great hindrance to the devotion of Chris-tians, though chiefly, it must be allowed, to those whose Christianity was the least an affair of the life and of the heart. Church teachers . . . were, in truth, often forced to complain that in such competitions the theater was vastly more frequented than the church, and among those who gave up the church for the theater, many might be found not wholly unsusceptible of right feelings, who, if they had not been hurried along by the prevailing corruption, would have employed Sunday in a way more seri-ous and more helpful for their inner life. Moreover, by the civil relations of those times, many were compelled, on account of their particular place among the citizens, to take part in the arrangements necessary for the support of the public shows, and so to be interrupted in their devotions even against their will. Hence, the North Af-rican Church resolved at an ecclesiastical convention held at Carthage in 401, to pe-tition the emperor that the public shows might be transferred from the Christian Sunday and from feast days to some other days of the week. [The reason given by the petitioners, as stated by Neander in a footnote, is populi ad circum magis quarn ad ecclesiam conveniunt,' that is, ' the people attend at the circus rather than at 