VICTOR EMMANUEL III, KING OF ITALY Another great power enters the war to add her millions to the bitter strife. LIBERTY 129 and automobiles and to drive horses? Are they fit to act as night watchmen? Are they fit to act as policemen to guard the lives and property of waking or sleeping citizens? If you can answer these questions af-firmatively, then let the liquor flow, and you employ the drunken night watchman for your property, or a drunken chauffeur for y o u r.automo-bile, or employ a drunken doctor when you are sick ; but the writer would prefer to take a leave of ab-sence from the vi-cinity of such sur-roundings. Are the sale and use of intoxicants dangerous to lif e a n d property and chastity? Would you send your fam-ily to a resort where half the guests are drunk all the time? Would you consider your sister or your daughter s a f e in the company of a man who would lead her to places where drink is sold, and then drink himself, and coax her to drink? Where does the downfall of many a young woman, and man, too, be-gin ? Is it not over the wine cup or the beer bottle? Will you tell me truly, Are the sale and use of liquors which will make men and women drunk a menace to chastity and virtue ? And last of all, what do you think of the reputation and character of a town where nine tenths of the people drink strong liquors, and where half of them get drunk? Compare this town for just a minute with one where not one in ten touches drink, and where a drunken man  is seen in town only when he and his chums come over from Freeville to do a little advertising to show the dull, slow " dries " what kind of citizens they ought to have to make life interesting and keep the courts busy and the jails full. If you had a ^ase in court involving your life, your property, or y o u.r reputation, would you want a judge who drank freely, or a jury of tip-plers ? Would it even please you if your witnesses were just notice-ably under the in-fluence of liquor? What, t h e n, is the matter with this whole liquor business? I am sure you are ready to agree with me that t h e strongest impeachment against it is that it is a perpetual men-ace to life, prop-erty, chastity, and reputation. Every principle of law in-volved in human `rights may be justly invoked against it. To prohibit its manufacture and sale is no infringement of any man's rights, for no man has a right to damage him-self or his posterity with the drink habit, and no man has a natural right to blast the reputation or prospects of his off- spring, and no man has a civil right to force the community to repair the dam-age and sustain the losses he inflicts on it when he brutalizes himself and de-bases others with strong drink. Let us defend our natural and Constitutional rights which the liquor traffickers are trampling underfoot with impunity. Los Angeles, Cal. 