LIBERTY I am not one of those who believe that tyranny is a particle sweeter because it is the tyranny of a majority. I believe, with old Roger Williams, that there are two classes of things in this world Š the things of the first table and the things of the second table. The things of the first table are those things which are between God and the individual man, and government has no right to touch them. If 99,999,999 of the people out of toomoo,000 wanted to do anything in connection with them, and one man stood up in his right and said, " No," then that one man's voice should restrain all the rest. Amongst these things are freedom of religion and various other things that will occur to your own minds.Š John Sharp Williams, in Congressional Record, Jan. 30, 1913. created by such forces is being turned upon the civil government. Institutions that are purely religious are being incor-porated into our civil law. One great organization comprising thirty leading religious bodies with a constituency of 19,000,000, at its last an-nual meeting adopted a resolution pro-viding Š That we ask all public officials for better Sunday laws throughout all our States where such laws obtain, and express an urgent hope that at the earliest possible moment a Sunday law shall be enacted for the District of Co-lumbia and the State of Calif ornia, .where no such laws exist.ŠAnnual Reports of the Fed-eral Council of the Churches of Christ in America, for 1914, page 16o. Another association, which has been indorsed by many denominations, has for years been clamoring for the placing of " all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our government on an un-deniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land."Š Christian Statesman, November, 1915. A Warning Against Religious Legislation A warning against movements of this character was sounded years ago by a Senate Committee : Š All religious despotism commences by com-bination and influence ; and when that influ-ence begins to operate upon the political insti-tutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other  nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence.Š"American State Papers," Class VII, page 225. Sunday bills have already been intro-duced in our present national Congress. This has been the case for many years. Legislation on religious matters is dan-gerous. Legislators and judges will be obliged sooner or later to define religious dogmas and opinions ; sects that are weak numerically will be discriminated against, and persecution and hypocrisy will eventually follow. Congress Cannot Define Religious Duties In giving its findings on a certain de-mand for legislation giving civil protec- tion to Sunday, the House of Repre-sentatives agreed that Š if Congress shall, by the authority of law, sanction the measure recommended, it would constitute a legislative decision of a religious controversy, in which even Christians them-selves are at issue. However suited such a decision may be to an ecclesiastical council, it is incompatible with a republican legislature, which is purely for political and not for re-ligious purposes. . . . If a solemn act of legislation shall, in one point, define the law of God, or point out to the citizen one religious duty, it may, with equal propriety, proceed to define every part of divine revelation, and enforce every reli-gious obligation, even to the forms and cer-emonies of worship, the endowment of the church, and the support of the clergy.Š Id., page 229. Who can preserve the rights and liberties of a people when they shall be abandoned by themselves? Who shall keep watch in the temple when the watchmen sleep at their post? Who shall call upon the people to redeem their possessions and revive the republic when their own hands have deliberately and corruptly surrendered them to the oppressor and have built the prisons and dug the graves of their own friends? The dark picture, it is to be hoped, will never be applicable to the republic of America. And yet it affords a warning, which, like all the lessons of past experience, we are not permitted to disregard. America, free, happy, and enlightened as she is, must rest the preservation of her rights and liberties upon the virtue, independence, justice, and sagacity of the people. If either fail, the republic is gone.Š Justice Story. 