LIBERTY 119 personal advantage, sectional campaigns, the magnifying of party interests above the wel-fare of the nation and the state. It is too often a low scramble and not a lofty crusade. And therefore there is urgent and immediate need that we Christianize our conception o f politics. We must get back to Christ. What is the end and aim of govern-ment in the life and teach-ings of Christ? It is this : ' Thy kingdom come!' And what is the kingdom? It is `the kingdom of righteousness, and peace, and joy.' And, therefore, the Christianized conception of politics is this Š such an intelli-gent direction of human government as will make all that is crooked straight, and will ap- point such relations in righteousness as will provide a nest for the holy dove of peace, and for all the singing birds of sacred joy. Christianized politics are human regulations in the sphere of government for answering the prayer of our Lord, ' Thy kingdom come.' What a conception of politics! But it is the only conception that is Christian. And if we are Christians, every other conception will be brushed aside. And if this is the meaning of politics, what manner of men ought our politicians to be? It is abundantly clear that there are some men who ought never to be allowed to get into office. No man is going to labor for righteousness whose own life is not straight. Such a man has neither vision nor aspiration. His own iniquity bereaves him of clear eyes and holy will." Dr. Jowett's conception of what poli-tics should be does more credit to his heart than to his head. It is a mistake that no Bible student ought to make, to suppose that Christ's kingdom, " the kingdom of righteousness, and peace, and joy," has or ever can have any con-nection with human politics. This is not to say that a Christian can have no part in political matters, nor that a Christian will not be governed by Christian prin-ciples in everything that he does; but it is to say that the administration of civil government is not the peculiar preroga- tive of Christians, nor are they to use civil government to coerce their fellow men in matters of conscience. Government is ordained of God, and is necessary for a world in alienation from the divine Being; but civil govern-ment can never take the place of God's spiritual government, and the Scriptures do not so teach. To depend upon any such thing or to hope for it is to lean upon a reed, destined to break and pierce the hand of him who would find support in it. Dr. Jowett's theory would take civil authority out of the hands of the world at large, wholly withdraw it from the great majority of the people, and put it into the hands of the comparatively few who either are or profess to be Christians. Marriage, too, is a divine institution, " ordained of God." And the Catholic Church claims that the only true mar-riage is that which is solemnized by the rites of the church; all else is " filthy concubinage." This is exactly on a par with the theory that because civil govern-ment is a divine ordinance, it is Chris-tian, and therefore can be properly ad-ministered only by Christian men. Our forefathers thought to negative forever any such proposition or possibility, so far as this country is concerned, when they wrote into the Constitution the words, " No religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." Š Article VI, par. 3. Let us at least strive to preserve intact the guaranties of liberty bequeathed to us in the providence of God, by the fa-thers of the Republic. tV tlf WHATEVER establishes a distinction against one class or sect is, to the extent to which the distinction operates unfavor-ably, a persecution; and if based on re-ligious grounds, a religious persecution. The extent of the discrimination is not material to the principle.Š Cooley's Con-stitutional Limitations. 