LIBERTY  91 It may be a personal right to take a drink if the liquor traffic exists ; but it is not a personal right for the liquor traffic to exist. It becomes very jealous of the preser-vation of personal liberty, and loudly it is invoked whenever the State proposes to outlaw its business. The answer of organized society is that it has a right to protect itself and its people up to the point of annihilation.. . . A Great Movement and Contest This century has a broad sweep of purpose, which is carrying us on to a better and higher destiny. The prohibi-tion movement has been met and will be met by timid conservatism. . . . But conservatism that does not change has never been a moving force in the world's progress. It is static, unimaginative, un-responsive, and indolent. It has never built a railroad, a steamboat, or an air-ship. It has never invented a printing press, a sewing machine, or a reaper. It has never freed a man in bondage. It has never discovered a new star in the heavens or a new continent upon the earth. . . . The great contest will soon be on, and one that ought to come, for the govern- ment to divorce itself from all connection with and participation in the liquor traf- tV  fic, and to destroy it by any method that will most effectually accomplish the re-sult.. . . A House Divided Against Itself Shackles may encircle limbs, but the coil of the still holds in its crushing embrace more human forms than the slave mart ever held, and alcohol is a fiercer and more heartless taskmaster than any slave driver who ever cracked a whip over a black and writhing back. To free this country from intoxicating drink is a cru-sade worthy of all the Richards and Ivanhoes of modern chivalry. Will it not be a mighty victory of peace Ñ the return of a greater blessing than the North conferred upon us when she freed the slaves Ñ for the South, as-serting the old manhood of the race, to gird on the armor of truth, and, full panoplied in righteousness, to lead a suc-cessful assault upon the intrenched cita-dels of intemperance in the North? The South, from Arkansas to the Car-olinas, from Tennessee to Texas, has freed herself, and now turns her face to the North and East, and proclaims that she has no Missouri Compromise to offer on the slavery of the liquor traffic, for a house divided against itself cannot stand, and this nation cannot exist half slave and half free.Ñ Zion's Herald. Virginia and the Liquor Traffic S. B. HORTON THE great State of Virginia, which was once the territory of patriotic activ-ities connected with the founding of this government, is to vote on the question of State-wide prohibition in September of the current year. This has been made possible through the passage by the gen-eral assembly recently of an enabling act entitled, " A bill to provide for the call-ing and holding of an election upon the question of prohibiting the manufacture for sale and the sale of intoxicating liq-uors, to prescribe the qualification of said voters in said election, and to de- clare the effect of the vote of such elec-tion." It was Virginia that laid the founda-tion for the principles contained in the opening portion of the Declaration of Independence. It will be remembered that this great instrument published to the world the fact that " we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights ; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," and that the principles therein apply with equal 