LIBERTY 83 After being instructed mainly in ac-cordance with the city prosecutor's argu-ments, Š which were technically tenable, but contrary to inherent justice and right, Š the jurors could not agree to convict a good citizen for violating a confessedly bad law. The verdict stood seven to five for acquittal. After the publicity of such a trial, it would have been impossible to secure another jury, so the matter was dropped. The city trustees probably scented a referendum petition, for one was already being framed by Mr. Sweetser's attorney, which was submitted to the people of Redondo, and the Sunday law was re-pealed by a popular vote. In California we can depend upon the people's being opposed to any sort of class legislation, especially when it in-volves an observance which is primarily religious in its character. There are many prominent men who stand on the  same solid platform, not because they have any objection to religion, but rather because they know that true religion and every true religious observance must, above all, be voluntary and spiritual in-stead o E compulsory and political. It is impossible to specify Sunday le-gally, even as a civil rest day, and enforce its observance as such, without automati-cally involving thousands of religious people who observe Sunday purely as a religious duty, and who are unalterably opposed to having religious duties of any kind prescribed by civil enactment. It is the most uncivil thing imaginable to seek to enforce any religious observance by civil law. American civilization had outgrown all such religio-political propa-ganda when our forefathers, more than a century and a quarter ago, declared that " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." 4 The  End They Have in View THE advocates of Sunday legisla-tion give, from time to time, the most solemn assurances to all con-cerned that they seek only civil legisla-tion for civil reasons. They want, not a religious, but " a civil Sabbath." But certain correspondence presented in the United States Senate, Feb. 20, 1920, and printed in the Congressional Record for that day, pages 3377, 3378, shows very conclusively that their real purpose is a civil law to enforce the ob-servance of a religious institution. No comment can add to the significance of this correspondence, which is printed as follows, under the heading, " Observance of the Sabbath." " NASHVILLE, TENN., Jan. 1, 1920. " Hon. K. McKellar, Senate, Washington, D. C. " DEAR BROTHER: At the recent session of the Tennessee Annual Conference of the Method- ist Ministers and Laymen, a resolution was unanimously adopted urging the building of public sentiment and the enactment of State and national laws to stop Sabbath breaking, an evil now endangering our children, our people, and our nation. We were appointed a commit-tee by that conference to urge upon our Presi-dent and Congress, and especially our Tennessee Congressmen, the enactment of laws to pro-hibit all professional baseball playing on Sun-day, the operation of moving picture shows and all theaters on Sunday, the publication of ad-vertising in and circulation of all Sunday news-papers, the operation and using of all freight and passenger trains on Sunday, all trading on Sunday, and the carrying on of any vocation for profit on Sunday, emergency cases of charity and necessity only excepted. This action of our conference was based upon the commandment of our God to honor the Sabbath day and keep it holy, a commandment we must keep if we would save our people and our nation from destruction. " Acting under appointment by said confer-ence, we have prepared and herewith hand you a bill to prohibit Sabbath breaking in so far 