LIBERTY 135 Considered as a municipal regulation, the legislature has no right to forbid or enjoin the lawful pursuit of a lawful occupation on one day of the week, any more than it can forbid it altogether.Š Supreme court of California, 9 Cal., 502. Peter Bright hears a noise as he passes by, it could not possibly be anybody but old man Robinson working on his chairs, according to his judgment. The State has failed to make out a case as in the preceding trials. The object of the law is to prevent anybody from making himself a public nuisance." Speech of Attorney Baskerville - Honorable Court and gentlemen of the jury, I believe in the observance of Sunday, but because I do is no reason why in this free republic of ours, this land that we are proud to call the land of liberty where men are granted the right to worship God accord-ing to the dictates of their own consciences, I should not be charitable and broad-minded. I do not want to be guilty of turning loose criminals, but I want to say that you can turn that old man loose in that old chair shop and you will not have made the Sunday law a nullity. Your attorney-general says if you do not convict him, your Sunday law is a nullity. The spirit and intention of the Sunday law has not been violated by the prisoner at the bar. The spirit of the Sunday law is to pre-serve Sunday, it is true. And it was said by the attorney-general that this man believes in Saturday and keeps Saturday as the Sabbath; and in order to stir your prejudice he says, ' He does not care anything about your Sun-day, and is working on and defying it.' The old man's character for truth and veracity has not been assailed anywhere. He says when Sailers came in and said he was an officer and had come to arrest him, and he replied, ' You can't arrest me,' that he was merely jok-ing with him. But yet the attorney-general says he meant it all. But where is there a man who can prove a more excellent character than this man? He says he does keep the seventh day, but out of respect for his neigh-bors who observe Sunday, he does not follow his usual avocation on Sunday. " Old man Robinson went out there by that little shop by the roadside to mend a screen door for perhaps thirty minutes. The women folks complained of the flies, and he went down there to fix that screen, not knowing that he was being watched. Who has been disturbed in this case? Why, Uncle Peter Bright has been disturbed. " I do not think that I am charging any one with consciously persecuting these people; but the number of times the attorney-general has asked these witnesses, who are Sunday ob-servers, if they did not belong to the Seventh-day Adventist denomination,Š if they were not Seventh-day Adventists, even trying to stigma-tize me as going over to them,Š I say it looks very much like persecution. Gentlemen, it is a difficult thing to lay aside prejudice. It is a difficult thing to lay aside the preconceived opinions of a lifetime. I have seen men walk out and lay aside preconceived opinions to do what was right and true, and I have seen them persecuted by father and mother. We must be careful in these matters. Gentlemen of the jury, tell the old man to walk out of this court-house a free man; and if your Sunday law is never violated any more than this old man has violated it, it will remain far more sacred than it is now. " The attorney-general ridicules the excuse of the old man, and tells the jury only part of what he said. The prisoner said, I lacked part of a chair, and Sunday afternoon I quietly went down to that shop and I pulled down the blinds'Š (and he criticized him for that!) Why? Š' because my word was out to deliver the job Monday morning, and I had not been able to finish it.' He also says, ' I had a daughter in the infirmary, and I needed the money at once to pay the bill.' The old man endeavored to fulfil his promise. He says in the three instances in which he worked on Sunday, the time altogether amounted to about one and one-half hours, I want to get in the class with this man and say that I have worked more than an hour and a half to get out something on Sunday. I have as much regard for Sunday as any man. I expect I observe it as much as most men. I have gone quietly to my office and worked an hour and more on Sunday afternoon getting out some-thing that I was not able to get out before, and I expect you all have done a little some-thing; but my friend, Uncle Peter Bright, says it's wrong to work on Sunday, and yet he will travel twenty miles to get to his work early Monday morning. I say that precon-ceived opinion and religious prejudice has been working on some people." The attempt to compel the observance of any day as " the Sabbath," especially by penal enactments, is unauthorized by Scripture and reason, and is a shameful act of imposture and tyranny.Š William Lloyd Garrison. 