LIBERTY 131 was given. The magistrate, who is a local elder in the Presbyterian Church, said that owing to the seriousness of the offense, he would fine the defendants ten dollars each and costs, and allow six days' grace. If the fines were not paid within that time, a distress warrant would be issued, their property levied on, and the amounts forcibly collected. Some pres-ent were dissatisfied with the verdict, and expressed their regret that the fine was not forty dollars instead of ten. The defendants took an appeal and carried the case to the supreme court of New Brunswick. A decision was ren-dered June 2o, and the conviction was quashed. The following report of the action of the court was printed in the Daily Mail (Fredericton, New Bruns-wick) of June 21, I92:- "The supreme court yesterday after-noon made a decision of considerable interest to this section of the province, quashing a conviction against Gilbert Graham and Robert Embleton, Seventh- day Adventists of Harvey, by Mr. John W. Taylor, justice of the peace. This came under common motions. " The King on complaint of James W. Robison versus John W. Taylor, ex parte Gilbert Graham and Robert Embleton. " On motion of J. D. Phinney, K. C., the court made absolute an order nisi granted by Judge Barry to quash a con-viction against Graham and Embleton, entered up before Justice Taylor at Har-vey, York County, for violation of the Canada Lord's Day Act. The order was granted by Mr. Justice Barry on several grounds : No authority from the attor-ney-general proved; the conviction was joint instead of several; the conviction was invalid because the magistrate in delivering judgment gave consideration to alleged offenses by defendants of which there was no evidence, and stated that defendants had persistently violated the law; and that the offense alleged is not an offense under the prohibition of the Lord's Day Act." The Ohio Constitutional Convention E. K. SLADE THE fourth constitutional convention of Ohio has completed its work after five months given to the consideration of a very large number of proposals as amendments to the constitution. Forty proposed amendments to the present con-stitution have been drafted, and later will be submitted to the voters of the State. This convention has been an interesting one throughout. It has been looked to with deep interest by statesmen and poli-ticians in all parts of the country, on ac-count of proposals being submitted in-volving fundamental principles which are being considered seriously in a large number of States. Many prominent statesmen, and lecturers of international reputation, addressed the convention on important public issues. When this convention was called, it was known that the so-called National Reform workers would well improve the  opportunity that the occasion would pro-vide to introduce proposals for amend-ments to the State constitution, embody-ing their views and favoring their ef-forts to enforce religious conduct by civil law. There were delegates who freely worked with and for the advocates of religious legislation. Five attempts were made in the form of five proposals to embody in the fundamental law of the commonwealth a union of civil and moral questions in a way to make religious legislation constitutional. These pro-posals were artfully worded, and they will be read with interest. Note care-fully the wording of each one. " Proposal No. 56. Resolved, by the Constitutional Convention of the State of Ohio, That a proposal to amend the con-stitution shall be submitted to the elect-ors, to read as follows : Š " The use of the Holy Bible in the 