14 LIBERTY Archbishop Ireland and Amer- ican Protestantism THE September ( 19 1o) issue of the North American Review contained a strong protest from Archbishop Ireland against what he denominated the Italian Methodist propaganda, because the Ital-ian Methodists claim their religion is the religion of America, and float the Amer-ican flag on their buildings in Rome, etc. It is very evident from the words of the archbishop that he believes there is an-other church in America that is more entitled to be called the church of Amer-ica than the Methodist; and that, of course, is the Catholic. In view of his criticism of the Meth-odists for claiming to be the church of America, we might expect that the Cath-olic Church had always exercised much modesty in reference to such claims; but it is a well-known fact that the Catholic Church of the United States boastfully says : Š Is not this whole country stamped for a Catholic land ? With the great doctor, St. Augustine, guarding the Atlantic coast, and the heroic missionary, San Francisco, the Pacific; with the indom-itable apostle, St. Paul, kindling zeal and enthusiasm in the North, and the gentle San Antonio inspiring love and peace in the South; with the warrior king, St. Louis, in the center, and the great St. Joseph, and Notre Dame, the gracious queen of Heaven, hard by,Š with all these powerful intercessors pleading for her, can we, I say, expect anything less than a glorious triumph for Catholicity in America? . . . The nets of St. Peter will drag this continent from ocean to ocean, till they are filled to breaking with the souls of men that shall be saved.ŠWm. F. Markoe, Corresponding Secre-tary of the Catholic Truth Society. Also at the recent Eucharistic Con-gress, in Montreal, Canada, Cardinal Vannutelli said : " The day upon which he permitted the discovery of America, God said to his church, as he had said to  his Son, ' I will give thee as an heritage all the nations of the earth, and I will give thee the innumerable populations of these immense regions, and they will be added to those thou already possessest.' " It is a lamentable fact that the Amer-ican idea of government is fast losing its hold upon the minds of the citizens of this country. It is evident from these things that some one should herald aloud the true principles of religious liberty, that the rising generation may be re-minded of the principles which have been the glory of this nation. The first amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States says, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The idea of showing any preference for any form of religion was the very thing the fathers of this country sought to avoid. It was the dark and bloody history of the past, looming up before them when framing the Constitution, that exerted so great an influence upon them, causing them to avoid everything that would tend toward a union between the church and the state. Those who are acquainted with the Catholic Church know that her policy has ever been that of seeking to dominate the state by bringing influence and pressure to bear upon legislators, in order to se-cure her cherished aims. The very name of the Papacy is a synonym of a union between the church and state. It is unfortunate and sad, but, never-theless, it is true, that the Methodists and other professedly Protestant denomina-tions are following in the wake of Rome by their frenzied clamor for Sunday leg-islation, in this and other lands, and also by their continued and persistent efforts to secure a religious amendment to the Constitution of the United States. The policy of the United States gov- 