LIBERTY .31 administered by unscrupulous men in au-thority who are actuated by more zeal than principle. Sunday laws were put upon the statute books for no other purpose than to be used as a " big stick " to force the dissenter and nonconformist into line with the religious views and opinions of the Sunday observer. There is no equality or justice in such statutes. The Sabbatarian has just as much right to work six days and rest on the seventh, as the Sunday observer has to rest on the first day of the week and work the other six days. If any person questions this right, let him read the supreme court decision of Oklahoma on this question, which decision is found in this issue of LIBERTY. C. S. L. U. S. Commissioner of Education Presents Difficulties of Religious Instruction in Public Schools DR. PHILANDER P. CLAXTON, United States Commissioner of Education, out-lined the difficulties of formal religious education in the public schools before the Pastors Federation of Washington, D. C., on Nov. 27, 1916. He said in part:Š "I have no patience with those who cry that the public schools are godless because they do not specifically impart religious instruction. They are not godless. They are not irreligious. The teachings of the public schools are the greatest force for the advancement of moral-ity in the United States. " In this country we have, and I most ear-nestly hope we shall continue to have, separa-tion of church and state. It is not the prerogative of the public schools to impart religious teachings under our system of govern-ment. I take it for granted that no one here would want what some other countries of past ages have had. Separation of church and state has contributed to the vitality of reli-gion in this country. Since the public schools, supported by the people, are fitting the children of the nation for citizenship, they may use whatever is best to accomplish that secular side of the highest citizenship. " I have found as a rule that most public school teachers are not qualified to teach re-ligion. If they were qualified, it would be im-possible for them to agree upon the subject. Even the most ardent advocates of compulsory religious education are agreed on one thing, and that is that religious teaching as it has to do with the things on which we differ, rather than the things on which we unite, should not be given in the public schools. But the diffi-culty of harmonizing the divergent creeds of all denominations and of nonreligionists is an insurmountable barrier, and there would be little left on which we could agree. " The plea that the public schools absorb all the time of the children so that there is no  time left for other instruction, does not hold. In the city of Washington, for instance, if a child attended school all he could, without ever being absent, he could only attend school something like 1,800 hours a year. The re-mainder of the 8,760 hours of the year are left for religious instruction. In nearly all our cities and towns there are far more churches than public schools." Dr. Claxton told the assembled min-isters of how, during a visit to Asheville, N. C., last summer, his own minister asked him why religion was not formally taught in the public schools, and how he lamented such a gross neglect on the part of the government. Dr. Claxton said he carefully investigated the matter, and dis-covered that in Asheville they had four times as many churches as public schools, and that the investment in church prop-erty and pastors' salaries in the town was four times that invested in public schools and teachers' salaries. " Thus," said he, " I found the town was paying four times more for religious instruction than for secular education. I found the churches manned by elderly men of collegiate edu-cation, whereas the public schools are taught by younger people, mostly young girls, a majority without college or uni- versity education. I then asked my old pastor, if there was a lack of religious teaching in this town, who ought to begin to consider it? " I want to say that I firmly believe that the home, the church, general societies, and select schools are as much responsible for the proper education of the child as are the public schools of this nation. Especially is the home, the 