8 LIBERTY between God and each one of his crea-tures, and also to offer man the right to worship God as he shall determine to be his duty by the study of the Word, and by the leadings of the Spirit of God in his life! The " Padlock Bill" Passes ON December 24 the Spanish Cham-ber of Deputies, by a vote of rob to 20, passed the famous " Padlock bill," which the whole Roman Catholic hierarchy has so vigorously opposed during the past months. The bill passed the Senate on November 4 by a vote of 149 to 58. In the passage of this bill the premier, Senor Canalejas, has won a striking victory. It is known that he had the cordial sup-port of the king in this move for cur-tailing the activities of the Catholic orders in Spain. As originally drafted, the bill prohibited the creation of further monastic establishments in the country until the concordat had been revised or new laws passed that would deal with the matter. The government accepted an amendment limiting the time of the prohibition to two years. While the Vatican insisted that no action should be taken upon this matter until the con-cordat had been revised, the premier in-sisted upon a program of religious lib-erty, and maintained that the " Padlock bill " was not properly a matter for dip-lomatic exchanges between Madrid and the Vatican. It is one of the most stri-king of anomalies that while Spain is thus moving away from clerical domi-nance, such powerful forces are at work in the United States to bring in again a union of civil and religious things. The world's true progress would be much more rapid if the movement was not so often in a circle when it should be straight-away. Spain's victory is the more marked in this matter when it is remembered that both the king and the premier are Catholics, as are also both  houses of the Cortes. The revolt of Latin Europe against clerical dominance ought to be a warning and a lesson to America, and cause our legislators to look with much concern upon the move-ment toward church unity for political purposes. Religion by Bonus WE have heard the charge made that certain missionaries in foreign lands, more zealous for numbers than particu-lar as to character of converts, have made it an object to the natives to become con-verts,. and as often the charge has been indignantly, and we hope rightly, denied. But frequently organizations in America have made demands upon lawmakers and law-enforcers which are as uncompli-mentary to themselves as the charges made against the aforementioned mis-sionaries. Of such a type are the de-mands of butchers, bakers, and grocers for laws that will compel all the mem-bers of their occupation to close their places of business on Sunday, so that those who wish to close may not lose any trade or any profit because of their conscientious convictions in regard to the observance of the day. Of the same character is the demand that is now being made by the barbers of Baltimore (and other cities, as well) for the enforcement of what is called the barbers' Sunday law. Some of the bar-bers want to rest upon that day (or at least they desire the day off), but fear that if they do, they will lose a portion of their custom; and so, rather than sac-rifice their sheckels, they violate their consciences. One such, who desires to observe Sunday, but works instead, lest his brothers in the business take in more money than he, writes thus to the Balti-more American, of December 24: Š The barber who respects the sabbath clay and 'wants to observe it as a day of rest is badly handicapped by the greedy 