LIBERTY 57 " EXCOMMUNICATION "Whatever private individuals, whether of the laity or in holy orders, men or women, summon to a tribunal of laymen any ecclesiastical persons, whatever be the case, criminal or civil, without any permission from an ecclesiastical author-ity, and constrain them to attend publicly in these courts Š all such private indi-viduals incur excommunication at the hands of the Roman pontiff. " Moreover, it is our will and pleasure that what has been ordained by these let-ters be established and ratified, notwith-standing anything whatsoever to the con-trary. " Given at Rome at St. Peter's, on the ninth day of the month of October, in the ninth year of our pontificate. " POPE PIUS X." This granting of special privileges to the clergy is by no means a new thing, but dates from the time of the Emperor Constantine. That time-serving prince, writing in A. D. 313 a letter to Anulinus, proconsul of Africa, purely from polit-ical motives expressed his intention of conferring special favors upon ministers of religion. The fact and his reason for such an action are thus stated : Š " It being certain that the contempt of the Christian religion, which honors God in so perfect a manner, has drawn down the greatest evils on the empire, and that fidelity in embracing and in preaching it is, by the divine mercy, a source of pros-perity for the state as well as for indi-viduals, I have resolved to reward those who consecrate themselves to the support of that august religion by the holiness of their lives, and by the assiduous dis-charge of their functions. My will is, therefore, that all those who are called clerics, and who are attached to the min-istry of that religion in the Catholic Church, of which Cecilian is pastor, be exempted from all public charges throughout the whole province under your jurisdiction; lest, by a fatal error, or a sacrilegious exaction, they be di-verted from the divine worship; and that they may in perfect liberty consecrate  themselves to the functions of their min-istry; for. I am convinced that the hom-age which they shall thus give to the Divine Majesty will procure the greatest favors for the empire." M. Gosselin, a Roman Catholic writer, justifies this action on the part of Con-stantine and his successors in the follow-ing words:Š "All those motives which should nat-urally incline the Christian emperors to favor the arbitration of the bishops in the case of the simple faithful, should of course influence them still more power-fully to exempt the clergy from secular jurisdiction. Very slight reflection must be sufficient to suggest the grounds of propriety on which such an immunity should be granted, and the serious injury inevitably resulting to religion and to so-ciety from making the clergy amenable to civil tribunals, even in purely temporal matters. The natural result of such a practise would be to deprive the clergy gradually of that respect and veneration without which the exercise of their min-istry becomes absolutely impossible. For what can more effectually degrade a sa-cred minister in the eyes of the people than to see him dragged before a secular tribunal, where his real or apparent weaknesses shall be published before the world, and made the source of scandal ?" Š" The Power of the Pope During the Middle Ages," London, C. Dolman, 1853, page 151. Successive popes have not been slow to perceive the advantage which would accrue to the Papacy by continuing this immunity of the clergy from secular courts. Thus we find Pope Boniface VIII, who occupied the papal chair from 1294 to 1303, saying in his bull Clericis laicos, issued in 1296 Š " Antiquity teaches us that laymen are in a high degree hostile to the clergy, a fact which also the experiences of the present times declare and make manifest; inasmuch as, not content within their own bounds, they strive after what is forbidden, and loose the reins in pursuit of what is unlawful. Nor have they the 