LIBERTY 13 orchestral concerts on Sundays, did so against their own convictions of right and justice, but acted in response to the noisy pressure of a propaganda that was intolerant and intensely active. Professor Hobart rightly says: `Civil  law cannot make men religious. The only way is for the Christian people to keep the day [Sunday] as they ought, to teach others by precept and example as well as they can, and leave the rest to the influence of the truth.'" Why We Oppose Compulsory Religious Observances THE ground of our opposition to all legislation designed to enforce religion or religious observances, including Sunday observance, is that all such measures are unchristian and in the end harmful instead of helpful. Every religious reform the world has ever seen has been opposed by the state-intrenched church. This was true in the days of the ancient prophets. It was true in the time of John the Baptist and of our Lord Jesus Christ. The Ref-ormation was opposed by Charles V in Germany and by the civil powers in England. John Knox met the same op-position in Scotland, and Calvin fled from France to save his life. The state church opposed the Methodist reforma-tion in England, and also the work of Baptists, Presbyterians, Łand Friends in the American colonies; and today dis-senters in all the church-and-state coun-tries of the world are under annoying disabilities, and all in the supposed in-terests of religion. Christianity is " the power of God unto salvation ; " not to those who ac-cept it in obedience to a law of the state, but " to every one that believeth." Men are not reformed religiously in the mass, but individually. The gospel appeals not to nations, but to the indi-vidual units in the various nations. The gospel commission in its fullest expres-sion is, " Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized, shall be saved." Mark 16: 15, 16. The gospel message appeals to the in-dividual; for only the individual can be- lieve and be baptized. The same thing is very strongly emphasized in the mes-sage to the Laodicean church in Revela-tion 3 : 14-22. True, in form the church is addressed apparently in the mass, but as shown by verses 20 and 21 the real appeal is to the individual: " If any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me." The same truth of individual appeal and individual responsibility is also made prominent in Revelation 22: 17: " Let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.", In a sense this may be called a com-pelling invitation, but there is in it no element of corporal compulsion, nor is there any room for the use of physical force in the gospel scheme : " God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." John 3: 16. This is the divine order, to change which is to pervert the gospel and to substitute fancied salvation by works for real salvation by faith. The two are diametrically opposed the one to the other. Read the history of the church from the day of Pentecost down to the pres-ent time, and you will not find a single instance in which persecution more or less severe did not follow an attempt to help the church by clothing it with civil power. Men will think; they must think, no matter what the law says. God made them to think, and clothed them with the power of choice; and they will choose, 