4 LIBERTY All the denominations might establish de-nominational schools and demand a portion of the public money, which would plunge this country into a condition similar to that of England, where for many decades there has been a chronic irritation Š now become acute Š locally and in Parliament. The claim of the Catholics that they have a right to such conditions can not be supported. The same paper also quoted a part of the address of General Grant to his comrades in Des Moines, Iowa, as follows: Š Encourage free schools, and resolve that not one dollar of money appropriated to their support, no matter how raised, shall be appropriated to the support of any sec-tarian school. Resolve that neither the state nor nation, nor both combined, shall sup-port institutes of learning other than those sufficient to afford every child growing up in the land the opportunity of a good com-mon-school education, unmixed with sec-tarian, pagan, or atheistical tenets. Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, sup-ported entirely by private contribution. Keep the church and state forever sepa-rate. With these safeguards, I believe the battle which created " the Army of the Tennessee " will not have been fought in vain. This proposal on the part of the Roman Catholics of Middletown shows what will be done throughout the country if the papal theory of government is adopted. And it is passing strange that those who can see this with clearness when the issue is over the division of the public money for school purposes, fail to see that the demand for religious legislation on the part of some Protestants is just as clearly a union of church and state. The fact that Protes-tants are in the majority, and that they ask for this legislation in behalf of the Protes- tant religion, does not change the principle. To violate this principle is really to abandon Protestant ground and to accept the papal idea of a Christian state. " SHOULD he [the ruler] persecute his obedient, loyal subjects, on any religious account, this is contrary to all law and,  right ; and his doing so renders him un-worthy of their confidence, and they must consider him not a blessing but a plague." ŠAdam Clarke, on Romans 13. A Canadian Institution THE defenders of the Canadian Lord's Day Act declare that the Sunday legislation which was demanded and obtained by the Lord's Day Alliance " seeks only to con-serve the weekly rest day in its integrity as one of our national institutions, and leaves every man perfectly free to observe as his holy day any other day in the week if he thinks best." This means that it is the declared intent of the Lord's Day Alliance that every per-son in Canada, of every religious denomi-nation and of no religious denomination, shall be compelled by law to observe the Canadian Sabbath, and then he will be per-mitted to observe the Lord's Sabbath if he chooses to do so. Objections to this pro-cedure are stigmatized as " alarmist cries and plaintive pleas in the name of religious liberty.' " This demand for a law to preserve the weekly rest day as a secular or national institution is a mere subterfuge. Every one knows, the promoters of such legislation included, that those who make this demand would not be satisfied with a law setting apart any other day than Sunday as the day of weekly rest, and that the chiefest reason for this demand is that they regard Sunday as the Christian Sabbath. And these medieval religionists express surprise that any one should object to the compul-sory observance of the day they regard as the Sabbath, since all are left " perfectly free" to observe, in addition to this, the day specified in the Scriptures, if they wish to do so. According to this view of the rights of conscience, the early Christians enjoyed perfect religious liberty when they were permitted to worship the true God after they had first acknowledged the su-periority of the pagan deities by burning incense before them according to law. Only minds blinded by religious bigotry could seriously regard such a proposition as de-fensible. The leaders of the Lord's Day Alliance may be filled with religious zeal, but it certainly is not a zeal according to knowledge. They need to study gospel principles. 