Benjamin Franklin on Religious Liberty Do always what you yourself think right, and let others enjoy the same priv-ilege. The latter is a duty you owe to your neighbor; the former, as well as the latter, are duties you owe to your Maker.Š Lord Kame's "Art of Think-ing." The following illustration of the above maxim appeared ' in the Independent Ledger of June 5, 1780, of Boston (taken from a London publication) : Š " Some time ago, being in company with a friend from North America,ŠDr. Franklin, as well known throughout Europe for his ingenious discoveries in natural philosophy as to his countrymen for his sagacity, his usefulness and activ-ity, in every public-spirited measure, and to his acquaintance for all the social vir-tues,Š the conversation happened to turn on the subject of persecution. My friend, whose understanding is as large as his heart is benevolent, did not fail to urge many unanswerable arguments against a practice so obviously repugnant to every dictate of humanity. At length, in support of what he had advanced, he called for a Bible, and turning to the book of Genesis, chapter 51, read as fol-lows : Š " 1. And it came to pass after these things, that Abraham sat in the door of his tent, about the going down of the sun.  " ' 2. And, behold, a man bowed with age, coming from the way of the wilder-ness, leaning on a staff. " 3. And Abraham arose, and met him, and said unto him, Turn in, I pray thee, and wash thy feet, and tarry all night; and thou shalt arise early in the morning, and go on thy way. " 4. But the man said, Nay, for I will abide under this tree. " 5. And Abraham pressed him greatly; so he turned, and they went into the tent ; and Abraham baked unleavened bread, and they did eat. " 6. And when Abraham saw that the man blessed not God, he said unto him, 18o  Wherefore dost thou not worship the most high God, the creator of heaven and earth ? " 7. And the man answered and sai I do not worship thy God, neither do I call upon his name ; for I have made to myself a god, which abideth alway in mine house, and provideth me with all things. " 8. And Abraham's zeal was kind!ed against the man, and he arose, and fell upon him, and drove him forth with blows into the wilderness. " 9. And at midnight God called unto Abraham, saying, Abraham, where is the stranger ? " 1o. And Abraham answered and said, Lord, he would not worship thee, neither would he call upon thy name ; therefore have I driven him out from before my face into the wilderness. " 1. And God said, Have I borne with him these hundred ninety and eight years, and nourished him, notwithstand-ing his rebellion against me ; and couldst not thou, that art thyself a sinner, bear with him one night? " 12. And Abraham said, Let not the anger of my Lord wax hot against his servant; lo, I have sinned; forgive me I pray thee: Ł " 13. And lie arose, and went forth into the wilderness, and sought diligently for the man, and found him; " 14. And returned with him to his tent; and when he had entreated him kindly, he sent him away in the morning with gifts. 15. And God spake again unto Abraham, saying, For this thy sin shall thy seed be afflicted four hundred years in a strange land, 16. But for thy repentance will I deliver them ; and they shall come forth with power, and with gladness of heart, and with much substance.' " I own I was struck with the aptness of the passage to the subject, and did not fail to express my surprise that in all 