EDITORIAL LOVE is the law of heaven. FORCE is the law of the state. LIBERTY is not license but love. IV  SV JESUS CHRIST is the author of liberty. s.V THL: religion of Jesus Christ leads men to God by the power of love. tV  tV A MAN-MADE religion drives men into submission by the power of a civil stat-ute. !V IV tV A FREE republican government should protect and defend, without discrimina-tion, the free exercise of every religion which is wholesome to civilization, and should never molest the liberty, the rights of conscience, and the equality of privi-leges of a single individual who conducts himself as a good citizen. No one's rights and privileges in religious matters are secure until the government has pro-tected the individual. THE state does not legislate on the Lord's Prayer, nor the Lord's Supper, nor the Lord's baptism; why should it legislate on the Lord's day? All are re-ligious institutions, and bear the image and superscription of the Lord instead of Caesar. Therefore, the state should not enact laws for the proper observance of either. We have a divine Sabbath law, and that is sufficient for the church. The world should be won to the truth by the subduing grace in the church and not be coerced by the state in religious things. 76 How can it be possible that Christ is to become " this world's king," and that " the kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics," when Christ himself said, " My kingdom is not of this world "? Is not he rather to become the King of " the world to come," whereof we speak? ME IV IV WHEN the state forces a religious law upon honest dissenters in order to aid a legally established church in her warfare against nonconformists, that is religious persecution. When the state enforces discriminatory and oppressive religious laws by virtue of the exercise of the police power, that, too, is religious per-secution. IV IV !V WE do not believe that any church ought to advocate that its adherents, when elected to civil office, should com-bine and use their influence to effect leg-islation in behalf of the interests of their church for public patronage and pecu-niary benefits from the public exchequer. We were startled when we read in the Catholic Standard and Times of March 14, 1914, the following language under the caption, " Still Warring on Nuns in Indian Schools: "Ñ If the fifty-three Catholic Democrats who have a vote in the House had been present, and had voted against the ob-jectionable item [to require an educa-tional test for certain employees in the civil service of the government in Indian schools and hospitals] it would have been eliminated by a majority of thirty-four. . . . The effort to eliminate the objec-tionable features of the item was de-feated, according to the testimony of a Catholic gentleman who was present at the time, by a strictly party vote Ñ forty- 