I I I / IR rtiginu Kihrrty Aagociatiou I1 DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES / I1. We believe in God, in the Bible as the word of God, and in the separation i of church and state as taught by Jesus Christ. ! 2. We believe that the ten commandments are the law of God, and that they 1 comprehend man's whole duty to God and man.  3. We believe that the religion of Jesus Christ is founded in the law of love iof God, and needs no human power to support or enforce it. Love cannot be I / forced. 1 14. We believe in civil government as divinely ordained to protect men in the enjoyment of their natural rights and to rule in civil things, and that in this realm /   it is entitled to the respectful obedience of all.  5. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship or not to worship, according to the dictates of his own conscience, provided that in the exercise of this right he respects the equal rights of others. / of both church and state. 6. We believe that all religious legislation tends to unite church and state, is j subversive of human rights, persecuting in character, and opposed to the best inter-ests  / 7. We believe, therefore, that it is not within the province of civil government to legislate on religious questions. / 8. We believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to pre- 1 vent religious legislation, and oppose all movements tending to unite church and I state, that all may enjoy the inestimable blessings of civil and religious liberty. 1 g. We believe in the inalienable and constitutional right of free speech, free press, peaceable assembly, and petition.  I ! Ito. We also believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to  society.  / For further information regarding the principles of this association, address the Religious Liberty Association, Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. (secretary, C. S. / Longacre), or any of the affiliated organizations given below: Š I AFFILIATED ORGANIZATIONS sated organizations in Maine, Vermont, Massa- Atlantic Religious Liberty Association (affil- (affiliated organizations in Oregon, Washington, North Pacific Religious Liberty Association chusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Connecti- Idaho, Montana, and Alaska): Office, College cut, and Rhode Island): Office, South Lancaster, Place, Wash.; secretary, W. F. Martin.  Mass.; secretary, K. C. Russell. Pacific Religious Liberty Association (affili- ated organizations in California, Nevada, Utah, i Canadian Religious Liberty Association (af- dilated organizations in New Brunswick, Nova and Arizona): Office, Mountain View, Cal.; S Scotia, Quebec, Ontario, and Newfoundland): secretary, J. 0. Corliss. Office, Port Hope, Ontario; secretary, M. N. Southeastern Religious Liberty Association i Campbell. North Carolina, and South Carolina): Office, 169 (affiliated organizations in Florida, Georgia, (affiliated organizations in Kansas, Nebraska, Missouri, Colorado, and Wyoming): Office, Col- lege View, Nebr.; secretary, R. A. Underwood. Central States Religions Liberty Association Columbia Religious Liberty Association (af- ated organizations in Alabama, Kentucky, Ten- nessee, Louisiana, and Mississippi): Office, 2123 Bryan St., Atlanta, Ga.; secretary, Carlyle B. Haynes. Southern Religious Liberty Association (affill- i  dilated organizations in Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Jersey, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware, 24th Ave., N., Nashville, Tenn.; secretary, C. P. Bollman. and Maryland): Office, Takoma Park, D. C.; secretary, S. B. Horton. Southwestern Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Arkansas, Oklahoma, I Lake Religions Liberty Association (affiliated Texas, and New Mexico): Office, Keene, Tex.; X organizations in Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, and secretary. G. F. Watson. 1  Wisconsin): Office, 213-215 Dean Building, 113 S. Lafayette St., South Bend, Ind.; secretary, FOREIGN OFFICES 1 L. H. Christian. Australia: Office, Mizpah, Wahroonga, N. S. i Northern Religious Liberty Association (affil- W., Australia; secretary, G. Teasdale. I fated organizations in Minnesota, Iowa. North i Dakota, and South Dakota): Office, 2713 Third Great Britain: Office, StanborOugh Park, j Ave. South, Minneapolis, Minn.; secretary, Chas. Watford, Herts. England; secretary, W. T , 1 Thompson. Bartlett. +..............n..s=.o......o..m..o.............o......ﬂ...........a.......ﬂ....o...,.o..m..,......ss.o.ﬂ.,..,...f. 