Full Text of Proposed Bill to Restrict Freedom of Press Now Pending in the House of Representatives 64th CONGRESS is/ Session H. R. 13778 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 27, 1916 Mr. Gallivan introduced the following bill, which was referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed. A BILL Authorizing the Postmaster-General to exclude from the mails certain publications Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Postmaster-General shall make the necessary rules and regulations to exclude from the mails those publications the avowed and deliberate purpose of which is to attack a recognized religion held by the citizens of the United States or any religious order to which citizens of the United States belong. Send petition to your Representative. Address: Hon.  House of Representatives, Washington, D. C. (Over) Full Text of Proposed Compulsory Sunday-Observance Law Now Pending in the United States Senate 64th CONGRESS, st Session S. 5677 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES April 20, 1916 Mr. Jones introduced the following bill, which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia. A BILL For the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest in the District of Columbia Re it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That from and after the passage of this Act it shall he unlawful in the District of Columbia for any person to labor or to employ any person to labor or to pursue any trade or worldly business on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, except in works of necessity or charity, and except also news-paper publishers and their employees, and except also public-service corporations and their employees in the necessary supplying of service to the people of the District, and also except those persons who are accus-tomed to observe regularly some other day of the week on which they refrain from doing what is herein prohibited on Sunday. In works of necessity or charity is included whatever is needed for the good order and health of the community. It shall be unlawful for any person, partnership, firm, corporation, or mu-nicipality, or any of their agents, directors, or officers, to require or permit any employees to work on the said day, excepting in household service, unless within the next succeeding six days during a period of twenty-four consecutive hours he or it shall neither require nor permit such employee to work in his or its employ. Any person who shall violate the provisions of this Act shall on conviction thereof be punished by a fine of not less than $10 nor more than $50 for the first offense, and for each subsequent offense by a fine of not less than $25 nor more than $100, and by imprisonment in the jail of the District of Columbia for a period of not less than one month nor more than three months, in the discretion of the court. Section 2. That all prosecutions for violations of this Act shall be in the police court of the District of Columbia and in the name of the District of Columbi:.. Send petition to your Senator. Address: Hon.  United States Senate, Washington, D. C. (Over) 