LIBERTY 19 vine law. Right here is where the mis-chief comes concerning the first day of the week. It has no divine law to sup-port it, and it must lean on human sup-port. As human laws do not take hold of hearts and consciences, institutions that lack divine sanction must have coercive human laws to insure their maintenance. This sacrifice of human consciences to the formalism of a state religion can be nothing less than abhor-rent to him who created the mind and the conscience. South Lancaster, Mass. Ł -ŁŁŁŁŁ Ł Undermining the Foundations of American Liberty Š No. 1 Modern Attempts to Suppress the Truths of History A. J. SAXBY BOURDEAU LIBERTY is the birthright of every hu-man being. As beautifully expressed by Thomas Jefferson, " The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time." The preservation of this birthright, how-ever, is dependent upon two conditions. These were clearly defined by Daniel Webster in a speech made June 3, 1834, in which he said : " God grants liberty only to those who love it, and are always ready to guard and defend it." How, then, shall this love of liberty, and the desire to guard and defend it, be preserved in this or any other land? Š Chiefly through a correct and sympa-thetic understanding of the great and inspiring lessons of history. There is a German proverb which reads to the ef-fect that " whatever is to appear in the life of a nation must first be put into its elementary schools." In other words, the children of to-day will be the rulers of to-morrow, and the sentiments which they imbibe from their school studies will be those of liberty, indifference, or bigotry, according to the instruction re-ceived. Teachers as Molders of Public Opinion School-teachers, therefore, may be counted as among the chief molders of public opinion, present and future. How important, then, that the truths of history be properly taught in all schools. For, in the words of Lincoln: " He who molds public sentiment, goes deeper than he who enacts statutes or pronounces de-cisions. He makes statutes and decisions possible or impossible to be executed. Public sentiment is everything. With public sentiment, nothing can fail; with-out it, nothing can succeed."Š" Lincoln and Douglas Debates," page 191. And, to teach properly the lessons of history it is essential to bear in mind this guiding principle laid down by Macaulay : " No past event has any intrinsic importance. The knowledge of it is valuable only as it leads us to form just calculations with respect to the future." Or, as Patrick Henry expressed it in his famous speech of March 23, 1775, before the Conven-tion of. Delegates of Virginia, in behalf of liberty: " I know no way of judging of the future but by the past." France Learns the Lesson After the defeat of Catholic France by Protestant Germany in 1870, a learned Frenchman pointed to the educational system of his country as " the explana-tion of the disgraceful catastrophe." He also stated that the souls of the French people had been " emasculated by the teachings of the Catholic schools," whose text-books were " full of ecclesiastical legends," which " fitted the peasantry to be more the subjects of the church than of the state." " That is the reason," said he, " why we are disgraced as a nation." And, speaking of that same period, Bis-marck is reported to have said that " the saddest sights he saw in France, during its invasion by the German armies, were not battle-fields covered with the dead and the dying, but mutilated, misleading text-books on the children's desks in Catholic schools." The foregoing doubtless explains much of the recent controversy between France and the Papacy. For its own preserva-tion the French government has been obliged to take the education of its youth out of the hands of the Catholic priests and nuns. These religious teachers 