Contributed Articles Tinkering the Constitution S. B. HORTON A STRONG movement is now under way in this country the purpose of which is the amending of the national Constitu-tion so that it shall completely alter the government's attitude toward religious affairs. That movement has now assumed such proportions as to make it worthy the attention of every legislator in the coun-try, because of the fact that the amend-ment proposed will completely transform our fundamental law, both as to its spirit and its operation. A convention known as the World's Conference on Christian Citizenship, which met in Philadelphia, November 16-2o, had this undertaking for one of its most prominent projects. Among the resolutions passed was one concerning the amendment of the Constitution in that particular. It reads: Š " Resolved, That this conference re-quest its officers to petition the Commit-tee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives at Washington to report favorably on the proposed Christian amendment to the Constitution of the United States, now pending before them." In that bill it is proposed to insert in the Constitution, after the words, " We, the people of the United States," these words : " Humbly acknowledging Al-mighty God as the source of power and authority in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and his revealed will as of supreme author- ity," etc. As early as 1864 this propo-sition was agitated by the National Re-form Association, in the demand that this nation declare in its fundamental law that this is a Christian nation. Other Amendments Involved in This It may be that the promoters are not aware of the fact that such an amend-ment to the Constitution involves the  further amending of that instrument. At all events, our national lawmaking body should give this critical proposal that consideration to which it is rightly entitled, especially in the light of the principles underlying our civil structure. It seems strange that the National Re-formers need more evidence that this is a " Christian nation " than what they profess to have. Many speakers at the recent meeting in Philadelphia referred to the fact that all our past history as a nation from its earliest days shows that this is a " Christian nation." Add to this the recognition given the subject by the Supreme Court in 1892, through Justice Brewer, and we are justified in asking, Why tinker with the Constitution? Why go to the trouble and time and expense of putting a few more words in that in-strument? Would the added words make the nation more Christian? Let us consider what is involved in amending the preamble, which is : Š " We, the people of the United States [proposed amendment : acknowledging Almighty God as the source of power and authority in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and his revealed will as of supreme au-thority], in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-fense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States." In the preamble are imbedded the fun-damental reasons for the articles which follow. For instance, one object of the Constitution was to " establish justice," while another purpose was to " secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity." But back of this pre-amble was the charter for the founding of the republic, in which God was recog-nized in the most dignified way possible, in the terms : Š 