" SPEAKING " FOR EIGHTY MILLION PEOPLE. A SCENE IN LIBERTY 15 Threatening Shadows FROM the facts thus far elicited in this argument [in a previous study of the proph-ecy], we have seen that the government symbolized by the two-horned beast [of Revelation 13] must conform to the follow-ing specifications : Š 1. It must be some government distinct from the powers of the Old World, whether civil or ecclesiastical. 2. It must arise this side of the Atlantic. 3. It must be seen coming into influence and notoriety about the year 1798. 4. It must rise in a peaceful man-ner. 5. Its prog-ress must be so rapid as to strike the be-holder with as much won-der as the percepti-ble growth of an animal be-fore his eyes. 6. It must be a republic. 7. It must exhibit before the world, as an index of its character and the mo-tives by which it is governed, two great princi-ples, which a r e innocent and lamblike. 8. It must perform its work in the pres-ent century. And we have seen that of these eight specifications two things can be truthfully said: First, that they are all perfectly met in the history of the United States thus far; and secondly, that they are not met in the history of any other government on the face of the earth. Behind these eight lines of defense, therefore, the argument lies impregnably intrenched. The American patriot, the man who loves his country, and takes a just pride in her thus-far glorious record and noble achieve-ments (And who does not so regard it ?), needs an argument no less ponderous and immovable, and an array of evidence no less clear, to enable him to accept the pain-ful sequel which the remainder of the prophecy also applies to this government, hitherto the best the world has ever seen; for the prophet immediately turns to a part of the picture which is dark with injustice, and marred by oppression, deception, in- tolerance, and wrong. After de-scribing t h e lamblike a p - pearance o f this symbol, John immedi-ately adds, "And he spake as a dragon." The dragon ( p a - g a n Rome), the first link in this chain of prophecy, was a cruel persecutor o f the Church of God. T h e b  leopard beast (the papacy), which fol-lows, was likewise a persecu-ting power, dragonic in spirit, grind-ing out for 126o years the lives of the followers of Christ. The in the scene, the two-horned beast, speaks like the first, and thus shows himself to be a dragon at heart; " for out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh," and in the heart actions are conceived. This, then, like the others, be-comes a persecuting power ; and the reason that any of them are mentioned in prophecy is simply because they are persecuting pow-ers. God's care for the church, his little THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. millions of third actor 