LIBERTY 125 If men in authority would be more tol-erant and merciful, it would add grace and dignity to the office they occupy. WE are to bless and not curse our en-emies. We are to pray for them and re-turn good for evil. We are to rejoice when we are persecuted for Christ's sake. We believe that these principles ought to apply in all the relations of men and/organizations, whether civil or eccle-siastical. We do not believe that we should be " anti " anything except anti-crime and anti-sin. The state should hate nothing but crime, and the church nothing but sin. If our brother is in error, let him that is spiritual restore the erring one, in all meekness and kind-ness, lest he become a castaway. In correcting our brother for manifesting a wrong spirit, we too often exhibit more wrong in temper and language than he did in the first place. Christ shunned personalities and invectives. When it was necessary to reprove, he did it with pathos in his voice and tears in his eyes. Jesus knew that Judas was dishonest and would betray him, yet he did not expose him or his personal mistakes, even to his bosom friends. Our mission should be to save and not to condemn ; to construct and not to Łdestroy ; to encourage and not to discourage. A criticism, to be helpful, must include the, necessary ele-ment of love for the one or ones crit-icized. The General Assembly and the Pope's Bull THE Washington Herald of June 6 deals editorially with the refusal of the Presbyterian General Assembly to be more liberal in the matter of Sunday rec-reation and Sunday amusements. The Herald deprecates the idea of trying to compel the people to make of Sunday a Puritan sabbath. The editor says: Š When those who call themselves Prot-estants become more arbitrary in their church bans than the old Mother Church, they should not be surprised if the spirit of protest rises against them, and the people go their way without regard to the ecclesiastical decrees, and look upon these as they did upon the Pope's bull against the comet. It is about three hundred years since the blue laws of Connecticut were made by the old Puritan fathers, and New Eng-land people now deny that they ever ex-isted except . in historical fiction. The Presbyterian General Assembly met in Chicago in May, 1914, not in Plymouth Plantation in 1620; and while it did not deny the divine right of a mother to kiss her children on Sunday, it attempted to deny her the right to take her children to the park on Sunday and watch them play. While we cannot deny to a religious organization the right to say what rules shall govern the members of that organ-ization, we do deny the right of such an organization to say what rules shall gov-ern. those who are not members of that organization. But that is irhat is done wherever religious bodies come . before legislative bodies and demand laws to compel themselves and other people to observe Sunday as a. clay of rest and wor-ship. Against that we do and always shall protest. C. M. S. tV For the Sake of Expediency A NATION may recompense others by giving away her treasures, but a nation cannot surrender the principles of liberty for the cause of expediency. A man cannot be liberal with his conscience, nor a woman with her honor ; likewise must a nation preserve her liberties inviolate. Our inalienable rights cannot be alien-ated from us. They are a God-given heritage to all men, to all eternity. The individual who exchanges his freedom for sordid wealth or blatant honor is a slave to his own passions. The individual who loves his own free- 