LIBERTY 7 archy were silent almost to a man, when their co-operation was asked ; the Catholic press of this country indulged in its favorite sport of mud-flinging, when it became aware of this movement for civilization ; and the Roman Curia delivered one of its Delphic utterances when it was at length shamed into speaking. Not one of these three agencies of Catholic action, it is hardly necessary to say, lifted a finger in aid of an enterprise which would result in removing from the Catholic Church itself a stigma of shame. This experience in the effort to establish religious liberty in those countries where the Roman Catholic Church has been in control, shows what may be expected in this country if the papal theory of govern-ment prevails ; and it makes no difference in the results whether this papal theory is adopted at the dictation of Roman Catholics or of Protestants who have abandoned the true Protestant principles of government, or whether the Roman Catholic or Prot-estant religion is established by law. In any case it means an abridgment of the rights of conscience, which will result in persecution. Enforcing the Canadian Lord's Day Act PROMPTED by an agent of the Canadian Lord's Day Alliance, an attorney of On-tario, Canada, recently sent the following letter to a young man, an observer of the seventh day, and a student in a Christian academy, who had done some quiet work on Sunday, that had disturbed no one : Š Complaints have been made to me that you have been violating the provisions of the Lord's Day Act, and the residents of the southern part of the township of To-ronto are very much aggrieved that no action has been taken. I sincerely hope that you will in future observe the require-ments of the law, no matter whether your religious belief enjoins you to keep the Sab-bath day holy or not. As a citizen of the country, you should observe the laws of the country, and I hope there will be no reason for taking any further action in the matter. This young man conscientiously keeps the Sabbath day, though not the " Sabbath day " of the recently passed Lord's Day Act. And now, under this act, he is told  that he must keep this other day also, whether his religious belief enjoins him to do so or not. What plainer evidence than this is needed to show that the enforcement of Sunday laws means an utter ignoring and trampling upon the rights of con-science? An Object,Lesson THERE are in this country about 70,000 Christians who observe the seventh-day Sabbath, and their number is constantly in-creasing. They are scattered throughout every State in the Union, and live in the cities, in the towns, and in the country districts. The day which they observe as the Sabbath has become the busiest day of the week in the commercial world, and they are surrounded by those who are pursuing their ordinary work on that day. When they go to their places of worship their eyes necessarily behold what they regard as a desecration of a holy day, and their ears are saluted with the hum of secular industry. They would be glad to have all observe the Sabbath " according to the commandment," and thus honor the Cre-ator, but they never have asked, and never will ask, for legislative enactments which would compel those to pay an outward re-gard to this day who have not been con-vinced by their own consciences that they ought to keep it holy. They simply ask to be left free to observe the day of their choice without being fined either directly or indirectly,Š without being compelled to pay a fine in money into the State treasury or to pay a fine in the way of loss of time by enforced idleness upon a day which the Scriptures designate as a working day,Šand they freely concede to others the civil right to work on the seventh day of the week and to rest on another day if they choose to do so, or to refuse to observe any day as the Sabbath. Now if such a body of Christian observ-ers of the seventh day of the week can be developed in this country by the power of conscientious conviction alone, in the face of all those circumstances which the ad-vocates of Sunday observance regard as so 