22 LIBERTY olics, and do whatever they do that they may overthrow those who are opposed to the Church of Rome. The oath taken by every Jesuit reads : Š I, A. B., now in the presence of Al-mighty God, the blessed Virgin Mary, the blessed Michael the archangel, the blessed St. John the Baptist, the Holy Apostles St. Peter and St. Paul, and the Saints and Sacred Host of heaven, I do further declare the doctrine of the Church of England, of the Calvin-ists, Huguenots, and other Protestants, to be damnable, and those to be damned who will not forsake the same. I do further declare that I will help, assist, and advise all or any of His Holiness' agents, in any place wherever I shall be, and to do my utmost to extirpate the heretical Protestant doctrine, and to destroy all their pretended power, legal or otherwise. I do further promise and declare, that n o t -withstanding I am dispensed with to assume any religion heretical for the propagation of the mother church's in-terests, to keep se-cret and private all her agents' counsels as they entrust me, and not to divulge, directly or indirectly, by word, writing, or circumstance what-soever, but to exe-cute all which shall SANTIAGO, CHILE be proposed, given in charge, or discovered unto me, by you my Ghostly Father. All which I, A. B., do swear by the blessed Trinity, and blessed Sacrament which I am about to receive, to perform, on my part to keep inviolably ; and do call on all the heavenly and glorious Host of Heaven to witness my real intentions to keep my oath. In Testimony whereof, I take this most Holy and Blessed Sac-rament of the Eucharist, and witness the same further with my hand and seal, in the face of this holy convent.Š"History of Romanism," by John Dowling, 1857, page 605. NATIONAL CONGRESS, and to you my Ghostly Father, 1 do de-clare from my heart, without mental res-ervation, that the Pope is Christ's vicar-general, and is the true and only head of the Universal Church throughout the earth; and by virtue of the keys of bind-ing and loosing given to His Holiness by Jesus Christ, he hath power to depose heretical kings, princes, states, common-wealths, governments, all being illegal, without his sacred confirmation, and they may safely be destroyed. Therefore, to the utmost of my power, I will defend this doctrine and His Holiness' rights and customs against all usurpers of the heretical or Protestant authority what-soever, especially against the now pre-tended authority and church in England, and all adherents, in regard that they be usurpal and heretical, opposing the sacred Mother Church of Rome. I do renounce and disown any alle-giance as due to any heretical king, prince, or state, named Protestant, or obedience to any of their inferior mag-istrates. There are great numbers of Jesuits in England, and they have all taken that.  oath. By the taking of that oath, they become the avowed enemies of the Brit-ish government. In view of that fact, it is not difficult to understand why the king's oath has been made to read as it has. When a dispensation has been thus granted to a set of men to assume to be 