LIBERTY 23 ures," sought to disguise the religious char-acter of their movement by calling Sunday the "American Sabbath," the " civil sab-bath," the " first day of the week," and the like ; but now the leaders in this movement are beginning to plead boldly for laws to be enacted for the compulsory observance of Sunday under its religious title, " Lord's day." The religious character of this move-ment is thus becoming so manifestly evi-dent that all, it would seem, should be able to see it readily. Program for the Future It may be of interest to the reader to know something of the work that the con-gress outlined for the future. They pro-pose to resume their efforts in seeking to secure a Sunday law for the District of Columbia; to endeavor to prohibit the landing of immigrants on Ellis Island on Sunday; to exert their influence against Sunday ball games in the United States army; and to secure the passage of a bill for the Sunday closing of the exposition to be held in Seattle, Wash., in 1909. They reported that Secretary-of-War Taft had been written to concerning Sun-day ball games in the army; but his reply was very unsatisfactory to them. He con-sidered their arguments untenable. It will be interesting to watch the results of their efforts in pressing their ideas of the proper Sunday deportment of soldiers in the United States army. A Significant Item On the last page of the announcement sent out by the executive committee of the International Federation of Sunday Rest Associations of America for the convening of this congress, appeared the following:Š " THE FIRST SUNDAY LAW IN AMERICA " The first legislation within the territory now occupied by the United States was by the Assembly of Virginia in 1619. It con-tained a provision with respect to the proper observance of the Sabbath." The promoters of this congress were careful not to quote this " first Sunday law in America," nor to tell what its provisions were " with respect to the proper observ-ance of the Sabbath." The following is the old Virginia Sunday law Š the first Sun-day law in America Š referred to: Š " Every man shall repair in the morning to the divine service and sermons preached  on the Sabbath day, and in the afternoon to divine service and catechizing, upon pain for the first fault to lose their provision and the allowance for the whole week follow-ing; for the second, to lose the said allow-ance and also to be whipt ; and for the third, to suffer death." From this it will be seen that the first Sunday law in America was not only purely and intensely religious, but that it required church attendance on the part of " every man," and provided for the punishment by " death" of all who failed to comply with its requirements. While the promoters of the Sunday Rest Congress did not quote this law, by their favorable reference to it they did virtually approve of this kind of legislation. This is not a little significant, and indicates what may be expected when this element gains control of affairs in this country. Furthermore, if the first Sunday law in America had a death penalty attached to it, and this law is now approvingly referred to by the thirteen federated Sunday-Rest As-sociations of America, who are so insistent on national Sunday legislation, may not the last Sunday law in America likewise con-tain a death decree. (See Rev. 13: 15.) Let those who have been inclined heretofore to regard the movement for Sunday legisla-tion in this and other countries as a matter of little or no importance or significance, ponder this well. The Papal rheory of Government PROTESTANT no less than Roman Catholic Christians assign to the spiritual and tem-poral powers a common foundation in the order and appointment of God. But they differ with them essentially in the applica-tion of this general principle to the civil affairs of government. The papal theory of government, taking this principle as the starting-point, reaches the following results : that the church and the state, having this common origin, are bound to extend mutual aid to each other; that the church, belonging to the spiritual or higher order, is bound to see that both the state and individuals conform, in their laws and conduct, to the law of God; and that, as the two powers are thus united in the common end of obtaining order and holding society together, they should also be so united in their action that the church, 