Volavell Hall, thaveraity of Minnesota. UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA (FOLWELL HALL), FOUNDED 1869, CYRUS NORTHROP, LL. D., PRESIDENT 34 LIBERTY " Since America was discovered, she has been a subject of revolutionary thought in Europe. The mystery of her coming forth from vacancy, the marvel of her wealth in gold and silver, the spec- tacle of her captives led through Euro-pean capitals, filled the minds of men with unrest, and unrest is the first stage of revolution." No nation arising in new ter-ritory became so great in so short a time as did the United States, and that which made her great was the great principles upon which the government was founded. The Scriptural decla-ration, " Whatsoever a man sow-eth, that shall he also reap," is just as true of nations. " Mene, mene, tekel, upharsin," has been written, in effect, on the palace walls of other nations than Babylon. By God's grace, kingdoms have come into being for his glory, but restricted and limited as to the extent of government. When these nations turned their backs upon his counsel, he Old World powers asked the question, Will the United States survive the ex-periment of nation-building? James Russell Lowell, at one time minister of the United States to England, was asked by Guizot, the French historian, how long the republic of the United States UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA (LIBRARY) might reasonably be expected to endure. " So long," replied Mr. Lowell, " as the ideas of its founders continue dominant." In the light of this twofold campaign of religio-politico and university denial of the heaven-born principles of civil liberty, can it not be truly said that America is facing the greatest crisis of its existence? And can it not be as truly said also that America's greatest cri-sis will prove to be a crisis for the world also? As in the case of other na-tions, America is a subject of di-vine prophecy. The late T. De Witt Talmage, when preaching in the Brooklyn Tabernacle upon the text, " I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth ; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon," has humbled them even into the dust. said, " Those who have given this text This great nation is the outgrowth of study and thought maintain that this his providence. It gave to the world an scripture refers to the United States,.and illustration of the God-given principles I agree with them." A careful study of enunciated by the Saviour of mankind in the verses just following this scripture Judea (a vassal province of the Caesars), will lead one to see that this symbolic when he said, " Render therefore unto beast wields an influence with the whole Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and world. And when the time comes that unto God the things that are God's." the government of the United States 