154 LIBERTY "Dr. Bovard, then editor of the California Christian Advocate, will testify that he saw the names of a brewer and saloonists of his acquaintance upon the petition introduced by Adventist elders in the California Legislature in 1907, to prevent Sunday legislation. " Dr. Wills, pastor of Ł the Presbyterian Church of Sacramento, stated to me that he saw the Adventist preacher of that city go from saloon to saloon with a petition against Sunday legislation. " A reliable member of the M. E. Church South of Sacramento related to me that while he was doing some carpenter work in one of the dives of that city, an Adventist elder en-tered and solicited the signatures of the bar-tender and all others present in the room on his anti-Sunday petition. " Elder Healey, and Professor Longacre, ed-itor of the LIBERTY, have recently been in Ore-gon assisting some law-breaking grocers in their efforts to nullify the Sunday law of this State. The leader of the movement to over-throw this law, by the recent findings of our court, is a criminal. Yet these heads of the Adventist Church, with Elder Cottrell and other prominent Adventists of Oregon, have been cooperating with this criminal and others who were under indictment for violating the State law which has recently been upheld as Constitutional by both our supreme and federal courts. " Your editorial asserts that we would stop every wheel,' silence every newsboy,' tie up every street car, discontinue every train,' etc., all of which is utterly false. Our bill distinctly provides for all of these things. In California Elders Healey and Corliss published and cir-culated falsehoods about the Sunday rest bill for which the workingmen were laboring. After we sent them the correct construction of the bill over the signature of the attorney-general of the State, they continued by voice and pen to falsify it. The advice you give to me, Thou shalt not bear false witness,' I hand back to you and your colaborers. Your editor in chief came across the continent to say to our citizens that all Sunday laws are against religious liberty. I challenge your entire staff of editors to prove to the satisfaction of thoughtful people that a law which prohibits a bank or a grocery store from doing business on Sunday interferes one iota with Seventh-day Adventists' worshiping on Saturday. " (Signed) G. L. TUFTS. "Portland, Oregon, Feb. 11, 1916." Mr. Tufts's reply was received three months ago, in time to have appeared in LIBERTY for the second quarter, but deeming it unfair to the parties men-tioned by name to print his personal at-tack upon them without giving them an  opportunity to be heard, we sent his reply to Messrs. Taylor and Healey, ask-ing them to give their version of the mat-ters referred to by Mr. Tufts. Mr. Tay-lor replies as follows: - " MAPLE PLAIN, MINN., Feb. 21, 1916. "Editor Liberty Magazine, Washington, D. C. " DEAR SIR : It seems almost needless to re-peat my denial of the charge made by Brother Tufts that in an address of mine at Calistoga, Cal., I made the statement that if I were a saloon keeper, I would fill the people with liquor on Saturday night so that they could not go to church on Sunday.' However, since the charge is repeated, it may not be out of place to repeat the denial, which I now do. "This charge was first brought shortly after the Calistoga meeting, to which reference was made, and while all details were still fresh in mind. Knowing that Brother Partridge (then pastor of the M. E. Church at St. Helena, Cal.) heard my address, I at once wrote to him, asking him to affirm or deny the truthfulness of the report. In a very ex-plicit and positive way, he denied that I had used such words, or words of any similar character. And he also authorized me to make use of his letter, either publicly or privately. as circumstances might demand. "A few months later I met Brother Tufts at the Palace Hotel, in San Francisco, and during our conversation I called his attention to the charge he had made, and very earnestly contradicted it. I also told him of the denial which I had received from the pastor of the Methodist Church. He therefore understands from first-hand information that his report of the meeting was incorrect. " But there is every difference in the world, Mr. Editor, between the statements of Brother Tufts, as given in your editorial, and that which 1 find in a personal letter of his ad-dressed to you. The first says, ' I would fill,' etc.; the second, If I were a saloon keeper, I would fill,' etc. That if ' changes entirely the character of the statement. The first, if true, would make the speaker to be actually in sympathy with the liquor interests, and abetting their business; the second expresses only what the saloon man would naturally seek to do in his effort to defeat the ends of the law. The first could be used only by a friend of evil, the second might be used by a true friend of temperance. Your challenge, therefore, is a perfectly safe one, even if 1 had made the statement, If I were a saloon keeper,' etc. But I did not, and so you are doubly sure. " In the interests of truth, of temperance, of right, I hope you will give the actual facts a free field. Let everybody know that Seventh-day Adventists have no need to stoop to that which is mean. They are a people whose tem- 