186 LIBERTY.  States of America is a luminous example of the third class. Conceived and brought forth as the offspring of those who fled the persecutions of church dom-ination in Europe, the government was launched with an entire divorce of church and state. That the result has been preeminently satisfactory is amply evidenced by the expansion of territory and people, education and wealth, in the brief period of one hundred thirty-six years. Here is proof that freedom in religion, as in labor, has the same inspi-ration of hope." The third reply printed is from Mr. John Duroch, of the General China Tract Society, Hank ow : Š " I do not think there can possibly be two answers to the question which you have propounded to your readers. China should not have a state religion, and therefore there is no need to consider what that religion should be. In this re-spect China is no different from any other nation. No nation can have a state  religion without discriminating against those of its people who are conscien-tiously opposed to that religion. You can have a state system of education, be-cause all the people will accept the same system of secular instruction. This and such other functions as taxation, repre-sentation, etc., are properly within the control of the state. Religion is a per-sonal matter, an affair of the individual conscience, and as such is absolutely above and beyond the control of the state. I am a Christian, but am firmly con-vinced that the worst thing China could do for Christianity would be to make that the state religion of China." This is most excellent. They are brave, noble words, and we earnestly hope that such sentiments will prevail in the new republic. They have worked cut satisfactorily in America, sad though it is that there are now zealous men en-deavoring to overthrow them. But we hope they will not succeed.Š W., in the Signs of the Times. Sunday Laws Viewed From the Standpoint of Citizenship Do They Rest on the True Basis of Civil Law ? G. D. BALLOU ALL civil law has its origin in the per-sonal rights of the individual citizens. Every citizen has certain powers or privileges which come to him as a birth-right. They are called divine rights because bestowed by the Creator. The chief of these personal rights are the rights to defend life, property, repu-tation, and the chastity of one's family. These rights also extend to the defense of the life, property, and reputation of the fellow man, and to the defense of the chastity of his family. Now when we elect men to become our legislators, we delegate to them the authority that we ourselves possess, and no other authority. Hence our leg-islators are empowered to pass laws pro-tecting the relationships of life referred  to, and thus lessen the necessity for the individual to look after his own personal defense. A little careful study will show that all just laws must be made with reference to relationships growing out of these personal rights. Anything that en-darters life, property, reputation, or chastity becomes a subject for just pro-hibitive legislation. Hence we may specify that laws ought to be made to prevent obscene plays and to hinder the dissemination of obscene pictures and literature, because these things tend to corrupt the chastity of society; and laws may justly be framed to prevent the sale of intoxicants, the use of which renders men ungovernable, and thus endangers life, property, and chastity. But there are other important relation- 