Copyright Underwood & Underwood, New York King Ferdinand of Roumania, whose country seems about to join the Allies. LIBERTY 155 to this by Senator Morris of Ohio should be the sentiment of every law- maker now : " I follow party where the Constitution and principle lead ; and when men attempt to take their place, I halt."Š Congressional Globe, April 14, 1836. After all, liberty of the press is a boon that should be appreciated and protected by every political party ; otherwise there would continually be the danger of the majority's overruling the right of the minor-ity. Bigotry, tyr-a n n y, and graft, whether in polit-i c a 1, religious, or other circles, will attempt to destroy anything that ex-poses their corrup-tion. The only way to keep the channel of infor-mation open is to have unrestricted freedom of the press. A n y real abuse of this lib-erty may be prose-cuted under exist-ing State laws, which are sufficient to protect any man or institution, as recent cases have dem-onstrated. The question of a free press was thor-oughly thrashed out at that time. The position taken in 1798 and 1799 by Con-gressmen who stood by the letter and spirit of the Constitution, was praised and indorsed, even though a much closer political line was drawn then than now. It was declared that Congress could not pass any law abridging the freedom of the press; for " No law," says the Constitution, shall be made. In speak-ing to the report of the House Commit-tee, in 1799, Mr. Gallatin warns against departing from the letter of the law : Š Although some nice distinctions may now be made in order to discriminate one class from the other, yet it must be remembered that the only security of citizens against unconsti-tutional measures consists in a strict adher-ence to the Constitution ; that their liberties are only protected by a parchment,Šby words, Š and that they may be destroyed whenever it shall be admitted that the strict and com-mon sense of words may be construed away under the plea of some necessity. Senate Committee on Free Press In deference ,to the President's wish for a law in-terfering with cer- tain publications, the Senate appoint-ed a select commit- tee, with John Cal-houn as chairman, to brins in a re-port. This com- mittee submitted its report Feb. 4, 1836. It covered the ground so thor-oughly that it put a quietus upon schemes of this character for many years, and it was not until early this year that our Con- gressmen were required again seriously to consider such a question. After referring to the Sedition Law, which forbade the publishing of certain literature, and the proposed law of 1836, which sought to deny the use of the mails to specified publications, the committee said, in part : Š It must be apparent that to prohibit publica-tions on one side, and circulation through the mail on the other, of any paper, on account of its religious, moral, or political character, rests on the same principle, and that each is equally an abridgment of the freedom of the press, and a violation of the Constitution. It would indeed have been a poor triumph for the cause of liberty, in the great contest of 1799, had the Sedition Law been put down on principles that would have left Congress free 