LIBERTY  23 The Sphere of the Gospel Minister W. A. SPICER " PREACH the Word!" That is the order from Heaven. " I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at His appearing and His Kingdom; Preach the Word." And what a power there is in this Word. The Gospel is " the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth," and " this is the Word which by the Gospel is preached unto you." The ministry of the Word is the ministry of the very power and might of the God of Heaven for the salvation of sinners. Not the combined forces of all the gov-ernments of earth could set one soul free from the bondage of sin, nor plant renew-ing grace in one sinful heart. In this realm only the power of God Ñ creative power Ñcan avail. All the church organizations of the world, allied with all the kingdoms of this world, could never force faith into any man's heart. Just one thing will do it Ñ" faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God." To preach that all-powerful, faith-creating word of salvation is the office and commission of the Chris-tian minister. " The weapons of our warfare are not carnal," said the apostle Paul, chiefest of preachers. It is when men forget the nature of Christ's kingdom, or lose their hold upon the power of the living God, that they turn to carnal weapons, and seek to advance the cause of religion by human legislation. The Reformation of the six-teenth century brought soul liberty and light and life to mankind just in propor-tion as it uncompromisingly held to the platform laid down by Luther, when he said, " It is by the Word that we must fight. . . . I am unwilling to employ force against the superstitious or the unbelieving. Let him who believes approach; let him who believes not stand aloof Ñ none ought to be constrained. Liberty is of the essence of faith." This does not leave the Gospel minister defenseless in the world. He has pledged to him all the power of the kingdom which he represents: " We are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God." As the ambassador of a kingdom of righteousness which accepts only the service that springs from the heart, the Gospel minister can never righteously ally himself with any movement on earth that seeks by constraint of human force to compel re-ligious observances. The true principle was thus stated by Dr. R. S. MacArthur, in his declaration of the historic Baptist posi-tion:Ñ " The Baptist doctrine that a man could be made a Christian only by the free action of his own spiritual nature left the civil magistrate nothing to do [with religious observances]. . . . They saw that while a man might by force be 'brought to baptism or the Lord's Supper, he could not by force be brought to believe. Others might abstain from persecution because their pity was " PREACH THE WORD " stronger than their creed, but Baptists re-frained from attempting to force men to become Christians because their funda-mental principle was that is was impossible to do this." This is an echo of that voice that cried in Judea, " If any man thirst, let him come unto Me and drink." The invitation breathes through all the Gospel story, " Whosoever will, let him come." Directly opposed to this Gospel was the spirit of the Dark Ages, when " the branding tool and the bloody whip " was " the summons to Christian fellowship." Then weakness and ruin came upon the church. Against every tendency toward substituting the power of the state and coercive legislation for the power of God in religious observances, the Gospel pulpit must ever protest. That was a striking rebuke administered by a young Russian exile in Chicago, when effort was being made by his church to secure legislation to promote the interests of Sunday observance. Rising from his place. and speaking in broken English. he said 