Result of State Control of Religious Forms By J. 0. Corliss TRUTH is eternal, because it emanates from God, the eternal Creator of the uni-verse. The last analysis of actual right is really godlike in character. Right is therefore right, not because of an arbitrary command, but because such command is the transcript of divine mind, which is itself right. God's law is therefore infinitely higher than any and every humanly devised statute, and so should always be recognized as the supreme rule of conduct. Had man from the first scrupulously obeyed divine precepts, no place would have been found for civil enactments, for the reason that unquestioning obedience to divine law would have preserved in man the divine image, and so placed him above and beyond the need for any other law. But man having fallen from the standard of divine requirement, no qivil power can possibly restore to him, in any degree, what he lost in his fall. The best that human law can do is to punish for criminal action between man and man; yet even in this, civil law has well-defined limitations. While it may punish for crime committed, the sin involved ..in the criminal' action, if any such there be, as is usually the case, must be dealt with by a higher, even a heavenly tribunal, because civil law has no power to deal with sin,Š violation of divine law,Š man not being able to judge the motives of the heart. Š It was this consideration that drew from Christ the famous expression: " Render to Ca3-sar the things that are aesar's, and to God the things that are God's." It was upon this set-tled rule of action also that the early disciples of Christ resisted the demands of civil govern-ment to follow its dictates in religious affairs. Their fitting reply was, " We ought to obey God rather than men." As followers of Christ they had no option in the matter. All Chris-tians have duties to their Maker which tran-scend all state requirements. For this reason, no state law should assume to sit in God's seat by enforcing the homage due the divine Being. There can be no question as to the greater of the two lawgivers Š God and the state, the divine and the civil. Christianity must recog-nize the divine as above the civil, calling for man's first and highest devotion. Yet the real Christian, one not tinctured with fanaticism, will be just as truly obedient to the state as to God, in those things which do not conflict with his higher service to the Creator. He cannot, however, consent that the state shall settle religious questions for him, nor can he assume to decide such questions for other men. 44 The baneful result of a state's overreaching its legitimate functions, and assuming to direct in religious duties, is well illustrated in the attitude of Louis XIV of France toward the Huguenots of his day. He believed in the " divine right of kings," not only to stifle free religious thought, but, in fact, free thought of every kind. To force men by civil enactment to renounce their individuality in that which is most vital to their eternal well:being, and thus yield the exercise of personal judgment in religious af-fairs, is but to make them in effect less than moral beings. Under such conditions they be-come part of a stereotyped system, and profess adherence to religious views in which they have no interest, and little or no faith. They have simply permitted themselves to be made hypo-crites by outward submission to a religious enactment of the state, which down in their very hearts they actually detest. But many of the French subjects of Louis XIV (1638-1715), notwithstanding the memory of St. Bartholomew's Day, Aug. 24, 1572, when under Charles IX seventy thousand Huguenots were massacred, could not be induced to sacri-fice their individuality, nor their convictions. In spite of royal wrath, they chose to think for themselves in matters of both religion and science. They therefore became vigorous, In-dependent, and self-reliant. But history re-veals that because of exercising this God-given right, a half 'million of the best people of France were driven as exiles from their native land to other shores. This persecution was due to religious bigotry. Although Roman Catholicism was the estab-lished religion of France at the time, this dumb cruelty was not altogether because the king and his counselors were Catholics; but simply because they were human, and were carrying out, through a well-defined church-and-state law, the established principles of that dark era. At times, when opposers of Catholics gained the balance of power, they permitted their blind religious zeal to control their better im-pulses, and in turn persecuted their religious opponents. And the practice of that time was no special exception to a general rule. Let the state of today consent to pass church-dictated laws of any kind, bearing on the religious life of individuals, and results will surely follow similar to those of the days of Charles IX and Louis XIV of France. It is useless to parry this prediction with the statement that the superior intelligence of the present age would forbid such conditions. The advocate of such sentiment must have 