LIBERTY 59 do it on Sunday / And, sf it is a sin, the only power that the church has from God to deal with sin is the gospel. The weapons of the church " are moral and spiritual, and not car-nal." The church, under the guidance of the Holy Spirit, has no other power to use than the power of persuasion. The church is in the world to save men from sin, not to force upon them, by threats of fines and imprisonments, Sunday or any other of its institutions. Through a Sunday law it is the protection of the day that is sought, and that, too, in the interests of the church, because of the religious aspect of the day. The church through a Sun-day-closing ordinance, is using the power of the state,Š police power,Š to which it has neither right nor title. The state, on the other hand, has no right to frame laws compelling the observance of Sun-day, or any other day, than it has to enforce upon men any other institution of the church. We are living under a constitution that recog-nizes all men and all sects as equal before the law. Sunday legislation is a violation of that principle. It enters the domain of conscience, is purely religious, and is entirely wrong. In compelling men to observe Sunday, the state has left its Heaven-appointed path to join hands with the church in the enforcement of a religious, a church, institution,Š a wicked thing, and unconstitutional. Sunday legislation is a violation of the prin-ciple that recognizes all men and all sects as equal before the law in that it discriminates in religious matters, establishing a distinction be-tween sects and creating " an inequality of right or privilege," which sooner or later will produce persecution for conscience' sake. Some three years ago the citizens of the State of Oregon threshed this whole matter out very thoroughly, and decided by an overwhelm-ing majority that Sunday laws were out of har-mony with the spirit of our free institutions. They decided that they were un-American, un-constitutional, and un-Christian, and uncivil, and wiped them from their statute books. It is not hurting religion here that it has no Sunday laws. The churches are thriving and are carrying forward their work energetically. There is no more lawless element today in the State of Oregon than there was when Sunday laws graced (1) her statutes, and there is just as much genuine religion. The fact is that Dregon citizenry, on the whole, seven days of every week, has no peer in the matter of good behavior in all the sisterhood of States. It is not true and never has been true 1,--at Sunday laws are a civil necessity. They are demanded, enacted, and maintained for religious reasons only. The civil plea is mere pretense Ša subterfuge invented and used to justify some-thing that is inconsistent not only with the Federal Constitution, but with the constitutions of the several States.  The Right to Prohibit the Sale of Alcohol HAS the Government the right to regulate or even to prohibit the sale of wood alco-hol because it kills or blinds those who drink it? You reply, " Certainly, the Government not only has that right, but it has a duty so to do." Wood alcohol is a poison that kills or blinds within a few hours. Grain alcohol is also a poison, though less violent and rapid than wood alcohol. It, too, blinds and kills, though more slowly. Directly and indirectly tens of thou-sands of lives are destroyed by it every year, and many additional thousands of lives are wrecked by it. Then, has not the Government the same right, and does not the same duty of prohibition rest upon it, in the case of grain alcohol as in that of wood alcohol? The ques-tion admits of only one answer, and every one knows what that answer must be; it is the answer already given by the American people in the adoption of national prohibition. tV Source of Peace and Liberty BY S. H. CARNAHAN JEAN FREDERIC OBERLIN, the greatest pastor and benefactor to men for a time before, during, and after the French Revolu-tion period, in the Alsatia region, said: " Old enduring social welfare must rest in Christian principles and in Christian practice." His bi-ographer, in harmony with this, adds these sen-tences: "If sociology founded upon the teach-ings of Christ is not sufficient to secure the noblest ideals and the highest order of social as well as of individual life, then no motives or methods which a lesser wisdom may devise will be adequate to meet the nature and the wants of men. When people apply other prin-ciples, with whatever sincerity, they become foes of order, of human rights and social good. " Social problems that are full of sorrow and pain will find their only solution when He who is the chiefest personŁ in all history has proved his mastery by the influences which he has set in motion, and when he rules in the hearts and consciences of men." In harmony with the above we would say, for illustration, " The Christ of the Andes Š a mon-ument of good will between Chile and Argen-tina "Š cannot of itself maintain peace between those nations. The rulers of those nations must exercise the spirit of Christ in order to main-tain peace, just as those individuals who preach Christ must have his Spirit in their own lives if they would have victory over sin. Likewise, the great Statue of Liberty in the United States is no guaranty to liberty and freedom unless the people are possessed with the law of liberty in their hearts. 