0D- 1 TEMPERANCE 1  1 The Liquor Traffic a Menace to Personal Liberty THE liquor interests often raise the cry that prohibition interferes with the personal liberty to engage in a business which yields splendid financial returns. The choice of a business, they claim, is a Constitutional right, and to forcibly take their business from them is inter-fering with their Constitutional rights. The man who drinks also raises the cry that the prohibitionists are interfer- ing with his right to drink what he chooses. He claims that it is not lawful to interfere with the right of man to eat, drink, or wear whatever he chooses, and that the state cannot prescribe these mat- ters for man any more than it can pre- scribe his religion for him. They claim that the state cannot justly interfere, save with the man who commits crime while under the influence of liquor. At first thought, such arguments seem very plausible from the viewpoint of the liquor men and the tipplers. But there is another side to look at. There is another party whose members are far more numerous and whose interests and personal liberties are vitally affected and menaced because of the unbridled lib-erties of the liquor business. That party is the innocent public. If the liquor traffic affected none but the manufac-turers, dealers, and consumers of the beverages, it would be altogether a dif-ferent question. But it is admittedly a question which affects the welfare and interests of the general public to a greater extent than it does the liquor interests. Statistics show that more than eighty-five per cent of the murders which are committed are due, directly or indirectly, to the influence of liquor. The liquor man says, " Let the law deal with the man who commits the criminal act ; "  but does the sole responsibility lie with the man who commits the criminal act while under the influence of liquor? Does not the law of justice assert that an agent, accessory, or abetter in a crime is equally guilty with the actual criminal and should be equally punished ? Even Holy Writ sustains this verdict when it states : " Woe unto him that giveth his neighbor drink, to thee that . . . makest him drunken . . . because of men's blood, and for the violence done to the land, to the city and to all that dwell therein." Hab. 2 : 15-17. When the Lord himself blames the liquor dealer for the blood that is shed and the violence that is done as the result of his nefarious business, he cer-tainly ought not to raise the cry that he is being deprived of his God-given liberties when the state treats him as an accomplice in these criminal acts due to liquor influences. When the liquor men voluntarily ren-der a man temporarily insane or void of the right use and control of his faculties, so that he commits a crime and endan-gers the lives of others, the state has a legitimate right to hold the liquor men morally and legally responsible for every offense thus committed, as accessories in the crime ; because men under the influence of liquor, when not having the full control of their faculties, have com-mitted every conceivable crime, and are liable to do it again and again, a fact which is well known to all liquor dealers. The writer twice in his life has had the experience of having a loaded revolver pointed at him, without any provoca-tion, by frenzied men under the influence of liquor. He has also had occasion to conduct the funerals of individuals who were the innocent victims of men whose 187 