42110- - --- Even the Disciples and the Master Were Spied Upon and Accused by the Pharisee; of Their Day 20 LIBERTY the day when the Son of man is revealed." Luke 17: 26-30. There is something decidedly uncanny in many of the things occurring in the world today. This is especially true of such scenes of violence as that which took place in Omaha. Instead of im-proving, civilization as a whole seems to be going to pieces. Instead of being self-governing, men are today fierce, ready to do desperate things, to imbrue their hands in blood, not only of criminals, but of men who are simply doing their duty in trying to preserve the peace of society and secure the just execution of the laws. It is little wonder that with such conditions of unrest and with the evidences on every hand of having fallen upon peril-ous times, we see " men's hearts fail-ing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth." Instances of in-dividual crime are alarming enough, but bad as they are, the fact that men are losing the faculty of self-government, that they rise up and destroy property and take life merely because they will not be re- strained and because they themselves refuse to submit to the laws, is still more alarming. The truth is that to a very large degree the world has ceased to be governed by law, and finds itself in the grasp of mobs and revolutionary move-ments, the sport of caprice and passion, at variance with every element of stable government. tV WHAT a pleasure it would be to live if people would do half as much as they expect of others; if they would regard other people's rights half as much as they think of their own.Š Gold Nugget. A New Phase of National Reform (Continued from page 8) This incident reminds one of the way the petty civil officers of medieval times used to act when the high ecclesiastical dignitaries visited their towns. Such occasions were usually signalized by the burning of a few heretics, and religious laws were rigidly enforced. The Sun-day laws of Pittsburgh were not en-forced before the church dignitaries came to town, and then they were strictly enforced, especially in the dis-tricts where the most of the Hebrews resided. This, of course, pleased the Na-tional Reformers, whose headquar-ters are in Pitts-burgh. World Commission on the Lord's Day William M. Rochester, D. D., of Toronto, Can-ada, chairman of t h e Commission and secretary of the Lord's Day Al-liance of Canada, insisted that since they were dealing largely with world problems, they must likewise work for " an international defense of the Sab-bath." " We must resist," said he, " the secularization of Sunday," adding, " We have a right to compel nonbelievers to observe the Sabbath [Sunday]. The law of God itself teaches that ' the stranger within thy gates' is not to be permitted to work on the Sabbath." Dr. Rochester claimed that the nation was an individual and had an individual conscience; therefore this command not to permit strangers to work " within thy gates " applied to unbelievers within the borders of a nation. We are unable to accept his conclu-sions because his premise is false. The fourth commandment commands all men 