LIBERTY 13 MARY, QUEEN OF ENGLAND as a State without a Sunday law, these modern " reformers with medieval notions, are determined that she shall have a Sunday law. Her argument against the need of such laws is bad for their con-tention. If the people of California are wise, they will refuse to acqui-esce in this retrogressional move-ment, and stand for their rights, their liberties, and their freedom as guaranteed by their constitu-tion, the preamble of which says, " We, the people of California, grateful to Almighty God for our freedom, in order to secure its blessings, do establish this constitution." W. A. C. What Sunday Laws Involve RELIGION is either a personal matter between man and God, or it is the most unreasonable farce this world has ever seen. If man is responsible to God for his course of conduct, any power that comes in between him and God to regulate or control his relig-ious affairs, must take either the place of the man in the matter of man's re-sponsibility to God, or the place of God in the matter of God's right to hold the man responsible for his conduct. In either case, that power is a usurper. In the first case, it usurps both man's right and his duty; in the second case, it usurps the prerogatives of God, and turns relig-ion back into the earth. Instead of a spiritual thing, religion then becomes of the earth, earthy. It shuts the soul away from its right of free access, to the Cre-qor. It seeks to bar heaven against man, as heaven barred itself against Satan. If we are responsible to the state in relig-ious things, then the state is in the place  of God to us, and God is shut out of his right of holy communion with his child. And that is what is done in every in-stance where a state requires of its citi-zens the performance of any religious duty. Religion and religious services be-long to God. The individual is account-able to God alone in such matters. Com-pulsion can only hinder, obstruct, and ruin ; and the state's only power lies in compulsion. As reasonably might we think of causing roses to bloom by pick-ing the buds open with our fingers, as to think of promoting religion by the power of state law. We do not love because the state passes a law demanding that we shall do so ; but religion must be of love, or God will have none of it. It is 