LIBERTY 97 builded a government, if Providence had not sent him to Holland. The Pilgrim who went to Holland, and there learned toleration,Š there learned to respect the rights, the opinions, and liberties of oth-ers; there learned the principle of the common school and universal education, Š when he got to Plymouth Rock, never burned witches, never hanged Quakers, never drove out Baptists [never favored compulsory religion or Sunday laws Š En.], but always f ought against all this. It was the Puritans, 20,000 strong, w h o came years afterwards, who did those things ; and, except for the leaven of the Pilgrim who had been to Hol-land, the Puritan would be without honor and prestige today. Four hundred Pu-ritans went to Holland, every man with a creed of his own, and anx-ious to burn at the stake the other three hundred and ninety-nine because they did not agree with him. They found a country in which there was uni-versal toleration of religion, in which the persecuted Jew could find an asylum, in which even the Inquisitor could be safe from the vengeance of his enemies. And then Pastor Robinson, as they went on board the ship, told them in a sermon that the whole truth was not given to Luther, though he thought so, nor to Calvin, though his disciples said so ; but that in the future there would be a de-velopment of the truth which they should nurse and unfold. Holland, at a time when there was no light for man anywhere in the world, preserved the principles of civil liberty. Holland, at a time when the bigotry of the church crushed out all expression of  conscience and individual belief, had her toleration and religious liberty. The people of Holland fought off forever, during its whole existence, the power of the Roman Empire, that they might gov-ern themselves upon the principles of their own manhood and of civil and re-ligious liberty. For a century Holland was the safe-deposit company of the rights of man. For a century Holland CHURCH AT DELFSHAVEN was the electric light which illumined the world and saved mankind. It kept alive for all the earth the expiring spark of liberty. That land was the sole asy-lum on the globe for persecuted con-science and the victims of tyranny. God gave the commissions of individual lib-erty and the highest civilization to the Puritan Pilgrims from Holland. William the Silent, John of Barneveld, and William III stood guardians of all that had been received from the past which was precious to humanity, and they preserved to posterity all that con-stitutes the intellectual, civil, and reli-gious freedom of the people of Europe and the Republic of the United States. It was here the Pilgrims worshiped before leaving Holland to find a home in the New World. 