JAMES MADISON, THE FATTIER OF OUR NATIONAL CONSTITUTION 16 LIBERTY laity or civil authorities to punish all who refused to observe Sunday. Under the church-and-state system of the Mid-dle Ages, the edicts of the church coun-cils became the laws of the state. Sunday Laws Religious for Fifteen Hun-dred Years The canons of the church councils prove that Sunday is a religious institu- tion, and of ecclesiastical, not divine, origin. Nobody will contend that the medieval Sunday legislation was other than ecclesiastical and religious. It was the same in the seventeenth century. The Act of the Twenty-ninth of Charles II, chap. 7, issued in 1676, was the law in force up to the time of the Revolutionary War, and was the basis of American Sunday laws. The preamble to the act states its object to be, in part, " that all laws enacted and in force con-cerning the observance of the day, and repairing to church thereon, be carefully put in execution; and that all and every person and persons whatsoever shall upon the Lord's Day apply themselves to the observation of the same, by exer-cising themselves thereon in the duties of piety and true religion, publicly and pri-vately." How men can call Sun-day laws civil laws after they have been recorded as purely re-ligious, with no pretense of their being anything else, for almost fifteen hundred years is well be-yond comprehension. The " Christian Statesman " Charges Treason The Christian Statesman final-ly hurls its anathema against its opponents, . and particularly against the promoters of the LIBERTY MAGAZINE, in the fol-lowing threatening charge of treason against the govern-ment : Š It is necessary either to silence the guns of the enemy or to render their fire harmless. . . . If we cannot si-lence this battery of the enemy, it surely should not be allowed to do harm to our historic institutions.. . . Whenever any one's theory of lib-erty leads to the invasion of the lib-erty of others, it is surely fallacious. Whenever it invades the right of the nation itself, it is doubly fallacious. Opposition to Sabbath laws does in-vade those rights. But when it would uproot the fundamental principle of governmentŠthat nations sustain re-lations to God and his law Š it is treason. This shows clearly that if the National Reform Association ever succeeds in get-ting its policies incorporated into law, it will reinstate the gibbet, the rack, and the stake for all dissenters and nonconform-ists, and deny the right of free speech, free press, and of petition for redress of grievances. Every protest sent to the governmental authorities concerning an oppressive statute would be regarded as an invasion of the right and authority of 