6 LIBERTY religion, and we are not pleading for that privilege ; but we are opposed to any legislation which will make it pos-sible to abolish the freedom of the press, or to establish a censorship in favor of an ecclesiastical organization. The pres-ent laws are adequate to protect both persons and organizations. The legis-lation demanded involves most danger-ous possibilities. To what an extent Rome can carry this principle of prohibiting the circula-tion of publications to which she takes any exception, is shown in a startling way by the opposition of the Papacy to the Bible societies devoted to the circu-lation of the Holy Scriptures throughout the world. To quote a Roman Catholic authority : Š " The attitude of the church toward the Bible societies is one of unmistakable opposition."Š The Catholic Encyclope-dia, Vol. II, page 545. We regard the proposed legislation as a most dangerous innovation which should be vigorously opposed by all who value and desire to maintain that free-dom of the press which has been the glory of this country and which has con-tributed so much to its intellectual and moral development. We regard the proposed legislation as a startling indication of the purpose of  this powerful Roman Catholic organiza-tion to interfere with the rights and priv-ileges of American citizens. We regard the proposed legislation as the first step in an effort to secure from the United States government special protection for the Roman Catholic faith, such as is not accorded to any other ec-clesiastical body. We regard the proposed legislation as a signal of the danger which threatens this country as the result of the influence which representatives of the Roman Catholic faith have gained over govern-ment officials. We regard the proposed legislation as absolutely inconsistent with the princi-ples of the American government and as a step toward the use of governmental power to suppress heresy, and we are profoundly impressed that the placing of such legislation upon the statute-books of the United States would be equivalent to a surrender to the demands of one religious denomination as against all the others. Those who desire to preserve intact the principles of freedom which have made the United States a beacon-light among the nations, should use their in-fluence to prevent the enactment of any such legislation. Washington, D. C. Ł-ŁŁŁŁŁŁ-Ł  A Visit to a Dutch Prison A Museum of the Inquisition G. H. HEALD, M. D. AT The Hague we did not fail to visit the old prison, with its many instruments of torture, which were once supposed to be a necessary part of the propagation of religion. But perhaps I should not re-proach this people by calling this prison Dutch, for the Dutch were the victims rather than the perpetrators of the atroc-ities committed here. In looking to Germany and to Luther as the storm-center around which the Reformation gathered, we are perhaps  likely to forget the part the Lowlands had in the fight for libcrty of conscience. In the twelfth century, long before Luther's time, there were heretics in the Netherlands, as the country bordering on the North Sea and now known as Bel-gium and Holland was called. As these " heresies " sprang up, they were fol-lowed by relentless persecution. The suspected were forced to pass through ridiculous ordeals in order to prove their innocence, and if " guilty " the ordeal 