LIBERTY 21 another, and there is no logical stopping place. The thing to do is to stop at the line between things civic and things reli-gious. Civic means " relating to, or derived from, a city or citizen; relating to man as a member of society, or to civil af-fairs."Š Webster's Dictionary, edition 1864. Ł In like manner, civil is defined as " pertaining to a city or state, or to a citizen in his relations to his fellow citi-zens or to the state." It must be evident to every thinking man not blinded by prejudice, that the only duty the state has in regard to Sun-day is to protect from unreasonable dis-turbance those who want to rest on that day, just as the civil authorities protect people who want to be quiet, from un-reasonable disturbance at unreasonable hours upon other days. If a baseball club should secure a ground and attempt to play a game of ball on Sunday at the hour of worship, in such close proximity to a church as actually to disturb the congregation or to interrupt their devotions, we believe that it would be legitimate for the au-thorities to say, " You cannot play here at this hour," etc. But no ball club does anything of that kind. The amateur game is played on a vacant lot in the outskirts of the town or city, where no one is disturbed unless it be mentally by the mere knowledge that a game is in progress on Sunday. The professional clubs play in some in-closed ground to which nobody is admit-ted except such as pay a fee for the sake of seeing the game. The only possible disturbance is the annoyance felt by A because B does something that he (A) regards as wicked, and for which A may feel himself responsible in a measure be-cause he, as a part of the community, permits it to be done. In short, the only disturbance caused by Sunday baseball is mental disturbance due to bigotry and intolerance. It is due also in part to the mistaken notion that  the state has some measure of responsi-bility to prohibit and punish whatever is morally wrong or sinful, and to encour-age and make as easy as possible that which is morally right or righteous. It was this idea that was responsible for all the persecution of the Middle Ages. The state was held to be a moral person, responsible not only for its own acts, but also for the acts of its citizens. The ruler who believes that he is mor-ally responsible for the religious faith and practice of the people under him, must of necessity be a persecutor. He must endeavor, to the best of his ability and to the utmost of his power, to en-force upon all men what he believes to be true religious views and right prac-tices. And this is what is bound up in every attempt to treat Sunday as other than a civil holiday. If because of the desire of so many people to be free on Sunday from the or-dinary cares of business, the state sees fit to make it a legal holiday, or dies non, that is, a day on which no legal business can be transacted, nobody ought to ob-ject. That is just what is done for all our legal holidays ; that is, they are made civil holidays. But when the state or city goes farther and forbids work, busi-ness, or pleasure on a given day, that makes it not a civil holiday but a chui-ch holy day. It is against this that LIBERTY protests, and against this every liberty-loving citizen ought to protest, regardless of his opinions concerning the religious sanctions of the day. Let the state keep its hands off from holy things. B. it ftF it HUMAN enactments which circum-scribe conscience, subject the soul to a thraldom more humiliating and more ruinous than any the body has ever en-dured. Where conscience is fettered, there is no freedom worthy of the name. It took many generations for men to learn that he who prescribes laws to ham-per or to crush the consciences of men, makes a slave of himself and of his pos-terity, as well as of those against whom such laws are aimed.Š C. M. Snow. 