Editorial Note and Comment American Leadership To the lover of liberty, some interest-ing observations as to the possible spread of democracy and constitutional govern-ment in Europe were made in an address to the law class of the University of Vir-ginia, by Senator Lewis of Illinois. The Washington Post of May 22 editorially quotes Senator Lewis as predicting " that the United States will lead other coun-tries in the march toward greater indi-vidual liberty and equality guaranteed by law." He also thinks that while Euro-pean nations will be struggling to reach the point now occupied by America, this country will be blazing the way toward greater security for individual rights and better guaranties of equality of oppor-tunity. It is to be hoped that the Senator is right, and that liberty may be extended to the whole world, and we trust that with civil liberty may also go America's principle of separation of church and state, with complete religious liberty to every man to worship God as he sees tit. L. L. C. Milton on Freedom of the Press IT was in November, 1644,Š 272 years ago,Š that John Milton published to the world the most popular and most elo-quent of all his prose productions, " Are-opagitica, a Speech of Mr. John Milton for the Liberty of Unlicensed Printing to the Parliament of England." This speech was highly eulogistic of Parliament in other respects, but de-nounced its printing ordinance as utterly unworthy the representatives of freemen, and called for its repeal. This effect did not follow at once, but the licensing sys-tem had received its deathblow. The publication of Milton's speech was itself an offense against the press ordinance, but he was not prosecuted for it. The  power of Charles I was then crumbling to its fall. The rights guaranteed by King John, but overridden and denied both by him and by his successors, were reviving, and men were again demanding the liberties of men. But the pendulum seems to be swing-ing backward again ; and while in Eng-land men may publish what they will, being responsible only for any flagrant abuse of the right, in our own country it is sought to restrict the freedom of the press and to establish a censorship as galling and despotic as that against which Milton launched the lightning of his elo-quence, the thunderbolts of his logic, nearly three centuries ago. B. Burning the Flag MANY a good cause has been re-proached and hindered by the unwise zeal of its would-be friends. There is an organization in New York called the Church of the Social Revolution that in-dulged itself recently in a flag burning, in which it seems that the American flag was the most conspicuous figure. We are not of the number who believe in divine right either of kings or of democ-racies. We believe in the divine right of men to be men and to enjoy untram-meled the privileges and immunities con-ferred upon them by their Creator, and so believing, we believe of necessity in the means that God has ordained that these rights may be secured to us and to all men, namely, civil government. Liv-ing under the iron monarchy of Rome, the apostle Paul wrote : Š " I exhort therefore, that, first of all, sup-plications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men; for kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty." I Tim. 2:1, 2. Doubtless our own government is not perfect either in its structure or in its 173 