St. John's Church, Richmond, Va., where Patrick Henry made his famous speech in which occurred the words, " Give me liberty, or give me death." LIBERTY 199 to our country, and all accession to the num-ber of its citizens. . . . Instead of holding forth an asylum to the persecuted, it is itself a signal of persecution. It degrades from the equal rank of citizens all those whose opinions in religion do not bend to those of the legis-lative authority. Distant as it may be in its present form from the Inquisition, it differs from it only in degree." Mr. Madison was not only a member of the convention that two years later framed our national Constitution, but such was his prominence and influence in that convention that he is known as the father of the Con-stitution. This fact throws a strong side light upon that in-strument, making clear its meaning. Woven subsequent to the un-pleasant and tyrannical experi-ences of colonial religious state experiments, the fabric of our government holds it to be a fundamental truth that " before man made us citizens, great nature made us men." This self-evident truth was stated in the Magna Charta of Amer-ican liberties, as follows : " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Cre-ator with certain unalienable rights ; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." The Constitution gives legal recognition to these principles, proclaiming to all peo-ples, whatever may be their religion, that America stands committed to the pro-tection of man's rights, but not of any man's religion apart from those rights. Benjamin Franklin, one of the found-ers of the nation, said, " When religion is good, it will take care of itself ; when it is not able to take care of itself, and God does not see fit to take care of it, so that it has to appeal to the civil power for support, it is evidence to my mind that its cause is a bad one." It is strangely mysterious that in the light of the Scriptures and in view of the history of the Dark Ages, leaders fail fully to comprehend the vast difference between the body politic and the body religious. In the literature of National Reformism may be found assertions to the effect that our forefathers were either atheistic or wantonly indifferent to Chris-tianity because they felt it wise to found a government dedicated to the rights of man, leaving the matter of religion entirely to the family and the church. A statement from Mr. Samuel T. Spear, in his " Religion and the ,State," page 153, refutes sufficiently such indictment against liberty's patriots : Š " George Washington, surely, was not an atheist. The men who framed the Constitution of the United States were not atheists. The people who placed their seal upon this instru-ment were not atheists. They believed in God, and large numbers of them were devout worshipers; and yet they adopted a Constitu-tion of government from which they excluded Š not by accident, but with deliberate pur-pose Š all distinctively religious ends and ideas. No other example of atheism and hostility to God, according to the theory we have been considering, so openly enunciated and so long continued, can be found in all the annals of mankind. The logic of this theory turns this Constitution into organized atheism of the most frightful character. Think of it! Not a word about God, or about Christ, or about the plan of salvation, or about heaven or hell in any part of this instrument! Forty mil- 