44 LIBERTY The Cause THERE is a cause for the moral paralysis upon society. Our laws sustain an evil which is sapping their very foundations. Many deplore the wrongs which they know exist, but consider themselves free from all re-sponsibility in the matter. This can not be. Every individual exerts an influence in so-ciety. In our favored land, every voter has some voice in determining what laws shall control the nation. Should not that in-fluence and vote be on the side of temper-ance and virtue? The advocates of tem-perance fail to do their whole duty unless they exert their influence, by precept and example, by voice and pen and vote, in be-half of prohibition and total abstinence. We need not expect that God will work a miracle to bring about this reform, and thus remove the necessity for our exertion. We ourselves must grapple this giant foe, our motto, " No compromise," and no cessation of our efforts till victory is gained.Š Mrs. E. G. White. Lincoln's Temperance Pledge ABRAHAM LINCOLN, when offered wine at a great banquet, publicly refused, and stated that he had been fifty years an ab-stainer. To the friend who persuaded him to sign the pledge, he said : " I owe more to you than to almost any one else of whom I can think; for if I had not signed the pledge with you in my years of youthful temptation, I might have gone the way that the majority of my old comrades have gone, which ends in a drunkard's life and a drunkard's grave." England's Drink Bill SPEAKING on the extent of " Great Brit-ain's drink bill," the English Watchword has this to say: Š " Thanks to our brewers and publicans, and the co-operation of the magistrates who license them, and the consent of the Chris-tian church which permits it to continue, we have: - 1,000,000 PAUPERS on the rates through DRINK, I00,000 CRIMINALS in gaol through DRINK, 50,000 LUNATICS in asylums through DRINK, 60,000 DEATHS annually through DRINK, and a standing army of 6o,000 confirmed DRUNKARDS. " And yet Christian people support the liquor traffic, and vote for men who will resolutely oppose any attempt to regulate it." This says nothing about the heartaches, the pain, the desolate homes, the orphans, the widows, the lost manhood and woman-hood, the blighted child-life, and the con-tinual wail of agony that follow in the track of the destroyer. These things can not be measured by statistics, but they lift up a continual protest in the sight of heaven against this awful soul-and-body-destroying traffic. What He Pledged IN replying to objections to signing the pledge, a reformed drunkard said: " Strong drink occasioned me to have more to do with pledging than ever teetotalism has done. When I used strong drink, I pledged my coat, I pledged my bed, I pledged, in short, everything that was pledgable, and was losing every hope and blessing, when a temperance friend met me and convinced me of my folly. Then I pledged myself, and soon got other things out of pledge, and got more than my former property about me."Š Selected. Liquor Drinking in the United States THAT liquor drinking is steadily increas-ing in the most civilized and enlightened countries of the world, despite all the efforts that have been put forth to lessen the evil, will appear from the following table, show-ing the amount of liquor consumed per capita in the United States since 1840, ac-cording to the Government Record: Š 1840  4 gallons per capita 1850  4 '' it 44 51 1870  71  1880  IO 1882  12 1884  1272 1887  Iii 1888  1413 1890  15% 1900  171 Thus in sixty years the amount of spir-ituous liquors consumed in the United States has increased from four gallons per capita to over seventeen gallons, or over four hundred per cent. These facts tell their own story of evil. 1860  CC 