46 LIBERTY public and private life. We won't have any drunkards on the State pay-roll while I am governor, and we won't have any cigarette fiends on our pay-roll, either." It may be embarrassing to the liquor interests, but it is perfectly proper to ask, Where is there a State under license that can show such a record as Kansas shows? And where are the States under the license system that can show such a record as does the State of Maine in the amount of money per capita in the State's savings-banks? With the public demon-strations of peace, prosperity, sobriety, and clear consciences that have been made by these two States, the liquor forces would be acting the part of mod-esty, at least, to wait until they have something better to offer than they have ever yet offered to demonstrate the superior benefits of the license system. Brewers Aiding State Prohibition Fight in Kentucky " PAYING (it was commonly reported) thirty dollars a vote, an estimated aggre-gate of thirty thousand dollars, the liquor men maintained their ' grip ' upon Winchester and Somerset, Kentucky, in elections held there December 8 and 9," writes Mrs. Frances E. Beauchamp. " The women of the W. C. T. U. worked all day for a clean election, but the police had either been bought off or intimidated, and as a result, election laws were violated all day long, and the agents for the brewers swarmed among the negroes, and, wherever they could, tempted a voter with liquor cash. Rep-resentatives from Lexington, Cincin-nati, and St. Louis breweries were on the ground all day. " Despite the defeat, the night follow-ing the election an enthusiastic rally was held, which declared overwhelm-ingly for State-wide prohibition, and the sentiment is growing that the liquor forces by such outrageous conduct as was seen in Winchester and Somerset, are making State prohibition sentiment faster than are prohibition speakers." "If—  IF you want a red nose and dim, bleary eyes, If you wish to be one whom all men despise, If you wish to be ragged and weary and sad, If you wish, in a word, to go to the bad, Then drink. If you wish that your life a failure may be, If you wish to be penniless, out at the knee, If you wish to be houseless, broken, for-lorn, If you wish to see pointed the finger of scorn, Then drink. If you wish that your manhood be shorn of its strength. That your days may be shortened to one half their length, If you like the gay music of curse or of wail, If you long for the shelter of almshouse or jail, Then drink. If your tastes don't agree with the " if's as above, If you'd rather have life full of bright- ness and love, If you care not to venture nor find out too soon That the gateway to hell lies through the saloon, Then don't drink. Š The Voice. SAYS Harry S. Warner : " The social fact is that the impairment of a man [through liquor] is the destruction of wealth, and that no man or trade has the right to destroy the economic worth of a community or state." There is another fact of even greater significance: the impairment of a man, through liquor, means the ruin of a soul, temporarily and eternally. Such impairment is always in the interests of the kingdom of darkness, and the means for bringing it about are the instruments of the adversary. 