14 LIBERTY or the Supreme Court of .the United States to go by. They are or should be governed by the Constitution of the United States, and not by what the States or State courts may say or do. The Ł government of the "lilted States was founded upon " a new order of things," and the States should follow the example set by the national gov-ernment, and not the national government the relics of relig-ious establishments still remain-ing in the States. Court Decisions Vary And yet when we come to the States, it is not true, as this brief asserts, that " it has been settled by an unbroken line of decisions that Sunday laws are a proper and legitimate exercise of the police power of the State." In 1858 the Supreme Court of California, in a decis-ion (ex parte Newman), the VICTOR EMMANUEL III, KING OF ITALY sound reasoning of which has claims of the first and seventh days of never been overthrown, declared the the week." Three times over the famous " Sunday Mail Reports " adopted by Congress in 1829 and 183o, declared the very opposite; that the passing of a Sun-day law by Congress " would constitute a legislative decision on a religious con-troversy, in which even Christians them-selves are at issue." State Action Not a Precedent for the Nation The brief cites a large number of court decisions of the States upholding State Sunday laws. While there is little question but that according to the Bills of Rights in most of the State constitu-tions the State Sunday laws are them-selves unconstitutional, yet no law passed by any State, and no decision of any State court is, of necessity, any correct rule, model, or criterion for Congress  Sunday law of that State unconstitu-tional. It is true that a later court in 1861 (ex parte Andrews) upheld the law; but it is also true, when the real character of the law had been revealed in a crusade under it, in which conscientious observ-ers of the seventh day were prosecuted, that the State legislature in 1882 ignored this later decision, and, in har-mony with the decision of 1858, abol-ished the State Sunday law of Califor-nia entirely; and that from that day to this California has had no Sunday law. Why did not Mr. Jackson have the " can-dor " to state these facts ? Jan. 21, 1908, the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia, the highest court in the District, declared the Mary- 