40 LIBERTY the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it ; and the catastrophe of other nations fur-nishes an awful warning of the conse-quence." Not " days," but the rights and liber-ties of the people need the protection of civil government. Of all monopolies on earth the most dangerous, the most unreasonable, the most oppressive, is a religious monopoly. Heart religion, voluntary worship, and true Sabbath-keeping are invalu-able; but enforced religion is the worst of tyrannies. If men wish to keep Sun-day or any other day, let them do so, but let them not enforce its observance upon others. " God is a Spirit; and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." " Whatso-ever is not of faith is sin." Views of Prominent Men At a meeting of the Woman's Inter-denominational Union, held in Wash-ington, Dec. 1o, 1906, the late Bishop Satterlee (Episcopalian), speaking on Sunday observance, said : Š " I do not believe in coercion and leg-islation. I do not believe that even if we had a law, it would be wise to appeal to the law." At the same meeting Dr. S. H. Green (Baptist) said : Š " I have very little confidence in leg-islation. Religious legislation is always attended with very great danger." John Wesley, the founder of Meth-odism, said : Š " Condemn no man for not thinking as you think. Let every one enjoy the full and free liberty of thinking for him-self. Let every man use his own judg-ment, since every man must give an ac-count of himself to God. Abhor every approach, in any kind or degree, to the. spirit of persecution. If you can not reason nor persuade a man into the truth, never attempt to force a man into it. If love will not compel him to come, leave him to God, the judge of all." Spurgeon, the eminent English divine, said: Š " I am ashamed of some Christians because they have so much dependence on Parliament and the law of the land. Much good may Parliament ever do to true religion, except by mistake! As to getting the law of the land to touch our religion, we earnestly cry, Hands off ! leave us alone! ' Your Sunday bills and all other forms of act-of-Parliament religion seem to me to be all wrong. Give us a fair field and no favor, and our faith has no cause to fear. Christ wants no help from Cwsar. I should be afraid to borrow help from government; it would look to me as if I rested on an arm of flesh, instead of depending on the living God. Let the Lord's day be respected by all means, and may the day soon come when every shop will be closed on the sabbath, but let it be by the force of conviction, and not by the force of the policeman ; let true religion triumph by the power of God in men's hearts, and not by the power of fines and imprisonments." Benjamin Franklin wisely observed :Š " When religion is good, it will take care of itself; when it is not able to take care of itself, and God does not see fit to take care of it, so that it has to appeal to the civil power for support, it is evi-dent to my mind that its cause is a bad one." The Divine Sabbath Law The true Sabbath and true Sabbath-keeping do not need the prop of a civil statute, for they rest upon a divine law and conscientious conviction. The di-vine Sabbath law reads: Š " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man serv-ant, nor thy maid servant, nor thy cattle. nor thy stranger that is within thy gates : for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day : where-fore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." 