JUDGE W. H. WALLACE OF KANSAS CITY LIBERTY  35 when I did that, it was curious that it went no further than it did ; but I thought we would better take what we could get, and then go afterward to get more." "Political Beheadal " They are determined, I say, that Con-gress shall pass such a law, and commit the government of the United States to a course of relig-i o u s legislation. Said Rev. W. F. Ireland, recently, a Baptist minister of Los Angeles, Cal., and cousin of Archbishop Ireland of the Roman Catholic Church :Ñ "I am going back to Washing-ton to confer with Rev. W. F. Crafts. We purpose to or-ganize a Sunday Rest League, and to erect a guillotine in the United States in view of which every politi-cian will recognize the fact that he is destined to political beheadal if he does not give to us the legislation we demand for the pro-tection of the moral welfare of the peo-ple."Ñ Signs of the Times, Nov. 27, 1907. Well did the Senate Sunday Mail Re-port of 1829 say:Ñ "All religious despotism commences by combination and influence ; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it ; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence." A Unique Position It has recently been stated that in the matter of Sunday laws the District of  Columbia is unique, it having no Sun-day law, while all, or nearly all, of the States have such laws. This is true, and it should remain unique so long as the States retain their Sunday laws ; for such laws, being religious, have no place or business in any civil government. In-stead of the national government follow-ing the States in making religious laws, the States should follow the example set by the national government in re-fraining from ma-k i n g such laws. Nearly all of the original States had religious establish-ments; but when the national gov-ernment set the ex-ample of establish-ing no religion, the States having re-ligious establish-ments soon laid their establish-ments aside. So should they have done in the matter of Sunday laws. In consequence of having no general Sunday law, the District of Colum- bia is unique also in another respect; it has not, be it said to its credit, persecu-ted and oppressed those who conscien-tiously observe another day than Sunday as the Sabbath, as have many of the States. Neither has it had any such gen-eral upheavals and social disturbances, nor the stirring up of any such bitter feelings, animosities, and heartburnings as have Chicago, Kansas City, Omaha, New York, and other cities where relig-ious bigotry has inaugurated campaigns for the enforcement of the " blue laws." In Kansas City alone one judge, Judge Wallace, has caused two thousand per-sons to be indicted for violation of the 