44.0<> \404000C40.04444,(XXX>O<><>004 Mayor Gaynor on the Sabbath ing been appealed to by Miss Lillian Mayor Gaynor of New York, hav- 4 Freund of 57 Mangin St. on the mat-ter of stricter Sunday observance, set forth his views in reference thereto in the following communication, which appeared in the New York " Times " Ł Ł O Ł Ł Ł Ł. Ł OO  O 0 0 0 O O 0 O 4>  O O 4' A Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł of Nov. 16, 1912: Š " Dear Madam: I have just received your second letter to me about Sab-bath observance, by which you mean Sunday observance. I agree with you about observing the day of rest. But we must be fair and charitable to oth-ers. The Christians do not observe the Sabbath day Š namely, the sev-enth day Š established by God ac-cording to the fourth commandment, or the third, as some number it. The Christians abandoned that day and adopted Sunday, which is the first day of the week. It is all right for us to observe Sunday, but 'let us have no miserable little prejudice against the Jews because they stick to the Sab-bath. Some Christian sects also ad-here to the Sabbath, stoutly maintain-ing that no one had the right to change the day of rest ordained of God from the seventh to the first day of the week. " Very truly yours, " W. J. Gaynor, Mayor." Sunday Bills in New York and New England JŁ E. JAYNE FIFTY-THREE Sunday bills have been introduced during the present session of the State legislatures in New York and New England. Thirty-one of these have sought to repeal one or more of the ex-isting legal restrictions concerning Sun-day observance. In character, the forts to change ex-emption clauses so as to include in the exemption those who observe Sab-bath from sun-down Friday night to sundown Satur-day night, and to favor some partic-ular profession, trade, or form of commercial activ-ity, to a proposition whereby, under lo-cal option, in cer-tain communities there might be un-restricted sale of all the necessities of life. Twenty-two of the bills propose a more strict observ-ance of. Sunday. One group of these purports to be for the promotion of public health, and provides that an employer shall not require nor permit an employee to work on Sunday unless the employee is granted at least twenty-four consecutive hours of rest within the next six days. Another group forbids hunting, fish-ing, sports, games, theatricals, vaudeville, moving pictures, stereopticon and other entertainments, musical concerts, the sale of all articles, and any labor whatsoever, works of necessity and mercy excepted. Public hearings on these measures So have been largely attended. Represen-tatives of the Religious Liberty Associa-tion have participated in all of them. Among the reasons urged against the bills which propose additional legal re-strictions we mention the following: Š That a statutory provision forbidding to require employees to work on Sunday without granting them twenty-four con-secutive hours of ret-t during t h e next six days, au-thorizes employ-ers to require employees to work on Sunday when the specified rest is allowed. It legal-izes the require-ment of Sunday labor for certain classes. It dis-criminates in fa-vor of employers, and enables them to conduct busi-ness on all days of the week, while the man whose in-come is derived from his own la-bors becomes a criminal if he con-ducts his business every day of the week. That every man has a natural right to rest every day of the week if by so doing he does not make himself or those de-pendent upon him objects of public char-ity, and thus invade the equal rights of others. That, likewise, every man has a civil right to work every day of the week in order that he may prevent himself or those dependent upon him from becom-ing objects of public charity. That to deny this principle is to enslave labor. bills vary from ef- employers 