LIBERTY 105 formers. Thus he would be forced by the law he himself had helped to bring into existence, to act the part of a hypo-crite the remainder of his life, or vainly attempt a repeal of the oppressive law. Millennial Kingdom Is it possible that this system of relig-ious force under the veil of politics will usher in among men the kingdom of our divine Lord ? Is not this a singularly strange and new gospel ? It was con-ceived in the fourth century, reconceived in the sixteenth, and born again in the nineteenth by the first eleven National Reformers of modern times in the year of our Lord 1863, in Xenia, Ohio. To legislate God's laws into the civil codes of the nations will never answer the requirements of the King of the pro-posed kingdom. When Jesus was here, he announced the condition of a passport to his kingdom to be this : " Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God. . . . Except a man be born . . . of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God." John 3:  3, 5. This passport bears the signature of King Jesus, the King of kings. The new birth implies spiritual life, and a far higher standard of righteousness than civic righteousness. Christ liveth within the new creature. Gal. 2 : 20. Divine life working within gives assur-ance of divine righteousness. The good and benevolent acts of a man, a municipality, a province, a state, or a nation are acts of civic righteousness ; but they do not produce the righteousness that will entitle one to an entrance into the kingdom of God. The righteousness of every soul who will enter the kingdom of God is found in Christ Š" The Lord Our Righteousness." Jer. 23: 6. A man inspired of God, who also had a personal experience in both hu-man and divine righteousness, said of the former when contrasted with divine right-eousness, " All our righteousnesses are as filthy rags." Isa. 64: 6. Theory Versus God's Word " Civic righteousness" is good so far as it goes ; but it does not necessarily in- dicate such a change, or regeneration, of the heart as is necessary to reception into the true kingdom of Jesus Christ. Were the entire Bible " legislated " into civil law and enforced upon the people to the extreme extent, this act would in no sense change the heart of one sinner, but hypoc-risy would flourish everywhere. Chris-tians are not made by " civic " acts, but are born from above. In every municipality, city, province, state, and nation there are either civil ordinances or civil laws providing for the protection of life and the individual lib-erties of men. Such laws when enforced are a deter-rent to crime Š graft, white slavery Šand to the evils designed to be remedied by the National Reformers. This is civic righteousness. Extending this condition to the farthest limit of acts of civic right-eousness, may it not then be truly said that all such and similar acts of civic righteousness might be wrought out in a municipality, state, or nation where the majority of lawmakers and law-enforcers are atheists? If so, can civic righteous-ness worked out by men who do not be-lieve in the Deity, bring to men the king-dom of the Deity? And this is exactly the same kind of civic righteousness that the National Reform Christian Citizen-ship workers would have us believe is the panacea for all civil, moral, and spiri-tual ills, and will bring to men the king-dom of God. Said the late Dr. A. J. Gordon : " But there can be no reasonable doubt that that age in which the church was most com-pletely separated from the world was the age in which Christianity was the most victorious in the world." Our divine Lord said : " Render there-fore unto Caesar [civil government] the things which are Cxsar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22: 21. In a public address delivered in Port-land, Dr. McGaw reached the climax in his last analysis of reasons assigned for holding the conference, in the following plain language : Š " We made a mistake in the first place 