22 LIBERTY The preceding Congress had the same is-sue before it, and the Senate committee in reporting against any action in the matter of closing the post-offices on Sunday, said: " It should be kept in mind that the proper object of government is to protect all per-sons in the enjoyment of their religious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another, or esteem all days alike." The question for the South as well as for all other sections of our common country to face is, Shall we return to the faith of our forefathers by renouncing religious legisla-tion, of which Sunday observance is the central thought? or shall we continue to assist the trust-and-combine idea by adding the Sunday trust? Recent Sunday Crusade Develop-ments in Pennsylvania C. S. LONGACRE RECENT developments in Pittsburg and many other cities of the State of Pennsyl-vania, show conclusively that the church organizations no longer intend to preach the gospel of love, but a mandate of force. In more than a score of our large cities the ministerial alliances have appealed to " the big stick" of the mayor, and asked him to use it " to punish violators of the Sunday law," and in one city urged him to proceed " without fear or favor with re-spect to belief." As a sample of this domineering spirit, we will cite Ł what occurred in Pittsburg, May 21, as reported in the Pittsburg Chron-icle Telegraph: Š " Representatives of the Allegheny County Sabbath Observance Association, fifty in all, called on Mayor George W. Guthrie, and presented a long memorial ask-ing him to enforce the Sunday laws. The committee was composed of the ministers of the various ministerial alliances and a few laymen." In concluding the reading of the resolu-tions and address, the chairman dictated to the mayor thus:Š "We ask you, therefore, that you issue such orders as will secure respect for the law, and the suppression of the wide-spread disregard and desecration of the first day of the week." " We will support you to the man as a ministerial association in any  movement you may make for a better ob-servance of Sunday." They urged the mayor "to enforce the law " universally without respect to belief, lest some would " become a privileged class." Everybody who is acquainted with his-tory knows that the Catholic Church by precisely the same sort of ecclesiastical scheming in political affairs, by appealing to " the big stick " of the civil magistrate to enforce her decrees, legalized her church dogmas, and whipped every foe into sub-jection to her mandates. She obtained con-trol of the Roman government, and even the throne itself, and from thence made, ad-ministered, and executed her laws under the ban of the carnal sword for twelve hun-dred and sixty years. And then because of her cruel oppression, her own papal States revolted, and in the year 1798 the French Directory sent an army under Gen-eral Berthier and took Pope Pius VI prisoner, dethroned him in the Vatican, and sent him into exile. Then and there the Church of Rome lost her civil authority over the nations, and the pope lost his church kingship in state affairs. And now the strangest paradox of all is that the very Protestant churches that helped to separate the arms of the Roman church and state, are now beginning to embrace one another in this republic to further one another's interests, even to the treading down and whipping into subjec-tion of those who conscientiously differ from them. There is nothing plainer to the student of history than that the Protestant churches, in this very Sunday movement in which they and civil magistrates are united, are repeating the history of papal Rome. Al-ready dissenters to their movement are branded as " anarchists " and enemies to the government and to the church. Per-secution has already raised its venomous head in this country. No heathen power has ever been as cruel upon the throne as the church upon the throne. From the creation of the world there was never seen greater persecution than was witnessed during the twelve hun-dred and sixty years of papal supremacy. The civil power endeavors to soften and ease the pangs of death for the guilty, but the church upon the throne hired men to invent schemes of inexpressible torture for 