176 LIBERTY Equal Liberty Not Absolute Liberty WHAT all men have a right to de-mand before the law is equal liberty, but not absolute liberty. Absolute lib-erty is that liberty that disregards the rights of others; whereas equal liberty is bounded by the like liberty of each and all. Many people believe in liberty for themselves and their views, but not for others or others' views ; such is neither equal nor absolute liberty, but tyranny in embryo. Every man who lives by the golden rule believes in equal liberty, and will never injure or perse-cute his neighbor. Compulsory Sunday Observance A PETITION of the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, re-cently in session at Saratoga Springs, N. Y., has been presented to Congress, and its presentation recorded in the Con-gressional Record of May 31. This pe-tition prays for the enactment of legisla-tion for compulsory Sunday observance in the District of Columbia. This com-mits that church to the principle of com-pulsory Sunday observance; for if such legislation is desirable in the District, it is desirable in every State of the Union. A peculiar side light is thrown on the mental attitude of the members of this same church by the fact that at this same General Conference there came up for vote a resolution to abolish the rule against the indulgence by members of the church in such amusements as dancing, theatergoing, and card playing. Though the resolution was defeated, the vote was far from unanimous. In an address recently given at a Meth-odist Episcopal.  church in Washington, D. C., the Washington Herald of June 2 informs us that the minister expressed the opinion that " whether a Christian should dance, go to the theater, or play cards is a matter that should be left to the individual conscience." On the other  hand, we are informed that he " also stated that there was too much laxness in the observance of Sunday," and that " he did not approve of patronizing soda water fountains on that day, even though the fountains were permitted to keep open." Can it be possible that he would prohibit them if he could? Evidently more concern is felt by this minister for Sunday sacredness than for these other matters. L. L. C. Boycott in Favor of Sunday A RESOLUTION was passed by the dele-gates of the Presbyterian General As-sembly recently held at Atlantic City, which provides that no delegate shall sub-scribe for, or support by advertisement or in any other way, newspapers pub-lished on Sunday. We regret very much to see any such action taken by any church. Of course every individual has a perfect right to buy or not buy news-papers published on Sunday, but this resolution involves a boycott of all papers which find it to their own interest to publish Sunday editions. The Presby-terian Church has thus placed itself on record as desirous of forcing all news-papers to suspend their Sunday editions under threat of loss of Presbyterian pat-ronage. At the same assembly the delegates placed themselves on record as opposed to all sports and games on Sunday, and urge that as little traveling as possible be done on that day. Perhaps shortly they will be ready to advocate the boycott on all persons known to attend or in any way patronize Sunday baseball, and they may perhaps demand that railroads cease their Sunday traffic under threat of loss. None can prophesy to what this may lead; possibly the boycott foretold in Rev. 13 : 16, 17: " He causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: and that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark." L. L. C. 