38 LIBERTY gave them the declarations to sign. One and all [the Uniats] refused to do it. They were stripped naked and flogged with the knout Š a Cossack's whip, con-sisting of seven leather thongs, each one knotted in several places. Each man re-ceived fifty lashes, each woman, twenty-five, and each child under fifteen, ten, re-gardless of age or sex. " It is difficult to describe these sick-ening times. Women and children died under the whip, and their husbands and fathers were brought to witness their agony. Even the strongest men fainted." The spirit of persecution is surely not dead, nor is it confined to Russia alone. We see the germs of intolerance already at work in this country. Movements are being inaugurated which will eventually produce the same evils that are now carried on in Russia. Macaulay has pointed out principles which characterize the animus of those who will persecute when given the opportunity, and it is not hard to discover those in America who are fostering these same principles. He says : Š " The doctrine which, from the very first origin of religious dissensions, has been held by all bigots of all sects, when condensed into a few words, and stripped of its rhetorical disguise, is simply this : I am in the right, and you are in the wrong. When you are the stronger, you ought to tolerate me; for it is your duty to tolerate truth. But when I am the stronger, I shall persecute you ; for it is my duty to persecute error."Š Essays, Vol. II, page 121. Civil laws did not change the religious opinions of men in the colonial days of this country, nor during the Dark Ages. Will legislation in the twentieth century prove superior to that of the past in transforming men's consciences into har-mony with the will of the majority? It is being tried in Russia, and it is proving a miserable failure. Shall the terrible scenes witnessed in Russia be re-enacted in America, the boasted land of the free? An eye-witness reports the following: "The peasants,  of a whole village were  driven to a barn near the church, stripped bare, and flogged by the Cossacks till the military doctor said further lashing would kill them. They were then forced, at the whip's , end, to enter a half-frozen river, immersed up to the waist Š which was the Cossack's idea of baptism Š and after this they were conducted through lines of soldiers to the parish church, where their names were entered as ' peti-tioners to be received into the orthodox faith.' As they were sent home again, they all cried, ' You can call us orthodox, but we cling to the faith of our fathers.'" If America wishes to avoid such heart-rending scenes, she must resist all attempts to secure the enforcement of any religious opinions by law. Men are now laboring hard to get Congress to commit itself to religious legislation. If it does, America will soon be a " home of the brave "Š those who are brave enough to stand for the liberty of their consciences under God Š but not a " land of the free." Washington, D. C. Blue-Laws Revived ALLEN MOON IN the city of Indianapolis, Ind., sev-eral saloon-keepers were sentenced by the mayor to attend church service on Sunday, and to bring a certificate of the fact from the pastor of some church to the sheriff of the county, as a penalty for having violated the Sunday-closing ordinance. The sentence was carried out on Sunday, January 3o, the saloon-keep-ers applying to the minister at the close of the service for the required certificate. It is a crime to sell to men, to drink, that which will poison the body and brain ; but bigots see the criminality of the traffic only when it violates their re-ligious sentiments regarding the sacred-ness of Sunday. And then they demand that the violators be sent to them by law to be instructed on the subject of Sunday sacredness rather than the crime of kill-ing men with drink. This is blue-laws with a vengeance. 