:10 48 LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of Me Religious Liberty Association Department of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists WASHINGTON, D. C., THIRD QUARTER, 1909 Subscription price - 25 cents a year To foreign countries 35 64 61 66 Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. C. M. SNOW EDITOR W. A. COLCORD K. C. RUSSELL / - - - ASSOCIATE EDITORS EDITORIAL. CONTRIBUTORS : W. W. Prescott (Washington, D. C.), W. A. Spicer (Washington, D. C.), L. A. Smith (Tennessee), W. T. Bartlett (England), A. W. Anderson (Australia), Jean Vuilleu-mier (France), G. B. Thompson (Washington, D. C.), J. 0. Cor-liss (California), E. W. Thomann (Bolivia, S. A.), C. P. Bollman (Tennessee), A. J. S. Bourdeau (Washington, D. C.), B. G. Wil-kinson (Washington, D. C.), S. B. Horton (Tennessee), E. T. Russell (Nebraska), J. S. Wightman (Missouri), J. G. Lamson (Minnesota), C. S. Longacre (Massachusetts). Entered as second-class matter, May 1, 1906, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. IT is every man's duty to serve God. It is no man's duty to compel another man to serve God. No man can do that; for God requires heart service ; and that does not come through compulsion. IN our roster of religious liberty of-ficers on the second cover page of this issue it will be seen that there are some vacancies. As rapidly as these are filled by appointment in the various union conferences, we would be glad to be no-tified. TILE prohibition map which appears on the following page is not the same as the one printed in the previous issue of this journal. The progress of the temper-ance cause is so rapid that it is difficult for the map-makers to keep pace with it. Let the grand work go on, and let every reader of this journal pray and work for the rapid whitening of the entire map. THIS issue of LIBERTY contains two important addresses, one presented to President Taft, found on page 9, and the other presented to the Russian am-bassador at Washington, Baron Rosen, found on page 4o. To Mr. John D. Bradley we are in-debted for a number of photos that help to illustrate this issue of LIBERTY, also for the following paragraph from an ad- dress delivered by Hon. Martin W. Lit-tleton, of Brooklyn, N. Y., at the Founders' day (or Jefferson day) exer- cises at the University of Virginia, on April 13, 1909, the anniversary of Jef- ferson's birth :Š He in whose honor we assemble has long since passed as a visible figure from before the eyes of the people, but his burning zeal for the welfare of democ-racy has set on fire the political litera-ture of the world. He has been a sol-dier in all the wars for freedom; he has been a statesman in all the councils where liberty was discussed; he has been a poet wherever men dreamed of the happiness of the race; he has been an orator in all the forums where democ-racy was on trial; he stood in the pop-ular assemblies of northernmost Nor-way; his figure may be seen through the red disorder of France; he pleaded the cause of political liberty in the Cortes of Spain ; and now his transfigured genius is shedding its light over the dark struggles of Russia. He reigns no more in the symbols of power or with the vestments of authority, but he reigns in that advancing empire of happiness and liberty rising up in the hearts of men of every race and tongue. He rests in your hallowed soil, but the ministers of his transcendent faith are going up and down the nations of the earth, building their kingdoms in the souls of men and gathering the harvest of his genius and toil. They are striking from the hands of Force the sword of hate, and pluck-ing from the heart of \Var the germ of greed ; they are driving the thoughts of oppression from the minds of men, and filling them with the mercies of sweet restraint. 