Is Prohibition Civilly Justifiable? By the Managing Editor AN Indiana court recently decided this question in the negative, and de-clared the prohibitory law of the State uncon-stitutional because of its invasion of legitimate personal liberty. LIBERTY magazine maintains that prohibi-tion of the liquor traffic and of liquor drinking does not infringe upon proper personal liberty, that it is not a moral but a civil question, and that bone-dry prohibition is justifiable for purely civil reasons. The organized liquor traffic is a de-moralizing factor in politics. It hood-winks and deceives the electorate, suborns public officials by means of money or in-fluence, and in general corrupts the whole body politic. It is in its very nature a foe to our free institutions. The only way to correct the evil is to destroy the traffic. The use of intoxicating liquor tends to poverty, to crime, to death. It is an in-dulgence that increases taxation for the support of poorhouses, hospitals, and jails. This can be prevented only by bone-dry prohibition rigidly enforced without fear or favor. The most moderate drinker may trans-mit to a son or even to a daughter such a craving for stimulants as will eventually bring that child to a drunkard's grave, and entail a large expense upon the com-munity. It is frequently the case that drinking parents spend upon the gratification of their appetite for alcohol, means that 38 should be spent in feed-ing, clothing, housing, and educating their chil-dren, thus imposing upon the community an ex-pense they themselves should bear, or else, what is even worse, a burden of poor, neg-lected families growing up in want, ignorance, and vice. Prohibition is the only sure defense against such burdens. Every intoxicated person is potentially a menace to the lives and property of those by whom he is surrounded. A fire destroys thousands of dollars' worth of property because some one has been drinking. A railroad accident occurs for a similar reason, involving the loss of both life and property. A man, woman, or child is run down in the street and maimed or killed because a driver or au-tomobilist was, perhaps, not actually drunk, but had been drinking. A poor man in crying need of medical attention falls unconscious in the street, and as likely as not he is taken as a sup-posed drunk to a cell at the police station, where he probably dies, instead of being carried to a hospital where his life might have been saved, and all because drunken men are not an uncommon sight upon our streets. Again the logical remedy is bone-dry prohibition. And has the state no right to apply the remedy? Š Certainly it has ; and not only the right, but the duty. It is true that some men drink without ever abusing the privilege in any of these ways. It is also true that some men carry concealed weapons without ever once using them 