14 LIBERTY regardless of civil law. It cannot be otherwise ; and even if it could be that the choice should be regulated by law, such a choice would not and could not be acceptable to God, who says, " Son, give me thine heart." The " heart " here means the affections, and love is not forced, but free. Only the willing have promise of the heavenly land. Such are the fundamental reasons why LIBERTY opposes any and every thing that savors in any degree of a union of church and state, or that in any way imposes a penalty for nonreligion or offers a premium for a profession of one faith above another, or of any faith at all. All such measures are evil and only evil continually. C. P. B. Sabbath Keepers a Valuable Asset to the Nation By John N. Quinn UNDER a democratic form of gov-ernment, a national religion is ab-solutely impossible. When civil government adopts a religion, thus na-tionalizing ecclesiasticism, the form of government, if formerly democratic, be-comes theocratic. A democratic form of government and a theocracy are as ir-reconcilable as are sin and righteousness. This is especially true when govern-ments attempt to legalize the religion of Jesus Christ. Christianity is so alto-gether spiritual that when men seek to legalize it, the result is gross carnality. While Christianity cannot be nation-alized without making it a lifeless form, nevertheless when it becomes a vitalizing power in the lives of citizens of a nation, that nation thus secures a mighty asset of safety. God's protection is worth much to any people. Sabbath keeping is a matter of indi-vidual practice; it can never be forced upon any one. The Sabbath is a sign of God's power, of his authority; the Sabbath is to the economy of God what the Stars and Stripes, the Union Jack, and the Tricolor are to the governments which they represent. The heel of the oppressor was placed on the neck of the Jewish nation because that people persisted in trampling under their feet the Sabbath of Jehovah. Jer. 17 : 19-27 ; 2 Chron. 36 : 14-21. What  happened to Israel was written in the Book of God for the learning of people to the end of time. Rom. 15: 4, et al. That Sabbath keeping is vital to the national life of a people is thus testified to by a few of earth's great thinkers : " If the Sabbath had not been observed as a day of rest during the last three centuries, I have not the smallest doubt that we should have been at this moment a poorer and less civilized people than we are."Š Lord Macaulay. " Where there is no Christian Sabbath there is no Christian morality; and without this, free institutions cannot long be sustained."Š Jus-tice McLean. "There is no freedom without religion, no religion without worship, and no worship with-out the Sabbath."Š Count Mentalembert. " The stream of religion runs either deep or shallow, as the banks of the Sabbath are kept up or neglected."ŠMatthew Henry. "Of all divine institutions, the most divine is that which secures a day of rest for man."ŠLord Beaconsfield. " Give the world half of the Sabbath, and you will find religion has no strong hold on the other half."Š Sir Walter Scott. " Sabbath is a day of account, and a candid account every seventh day is the best prepara-tion for the great day of account"Š Lord Karnes. " They who always labor can have no true judgment; they exhaust their attention, burn out their candles, and are left in the dark."ŠEdmund Burke. " The longer I live the more highly do I es-teem the Christian Sabbath, and the more grate-ful do I feel toward those who impress its im-portance on the community."ŠDandel Webster. 