36 LIBERTY the exact periods of rest which should be observed by its subjects. This thought is clearly expressed in the following judi-cial decision : Š " If we can not trust free agents to regulate their own labor, its time and quantity, it is difficult to trust them to make their own contracts." " If the legislature could prescribe the days of rest for them, then it would seem that the same power could prescribe the hours to work, rest, and eat." " If they [the legislatpre] possess this power, it is with-out limit, and may extend to the prohi-bition of all occupations at all times." ŠSupreme Court of California, Ex Parte Newman, 9 Cal., 502. On this point another eminent author-ity bears the following testimony : Š " Everybody should enjoy complete liberty, provided that liberty does not in-terfere with the liberty and civil rights of others. To force people to observe Sun-clay is not protection of civil rights ; it is interference with civil rights."ŠHon. G. Amyott, M. P., in Canadian Parliament, May 3o, 1894. If sanitary reasons are Urged by them for an enforced rest day, why limit the period of rest to a specific day? If a man should elect to rest on either Friday or Saturday, would not such rest be just as beneficial and tend to recuperate and build up his system as much as rest taken on Sunday ? I realize that religionists who hold that Sunday is sacred might urge that by resting on that day one would receive certain beneficial results which could not be obtained by resting on any other day, but it appears strange that a secular organization should set forth such a claim. The unions have a perfect right to reason with men and instruct them in regard to the importance of rest as a health measure, but for a cer-tain social combination to seek to secure a law to compel all to rest on a period of time that they may designate would be to make the people subject to their will. This would be a usurpation of natural rights and the worst of tyranny. PaternalismŠ or Freeaom ? While they have a perfect right to rest whenever they desire, the same right should be accorded to others. Any law that invades the natural rights of its sub-jects is unjust and despotic. Such laws should never find a place on the statute-books of any State in this free nation. As organized labor declaims against the oppression of organized capital, and rightly so, it should not manifest the same spirit; but, on the contrary, it should be especially guarded against encroaching upon the inalienable rights of the peo-ple. In the matter of choosing one's hours of rest and labor, the individual must he left free. While it is proper for the parent to direct the child in regard to its period of rest, it is not proper for the state to direct just when and how much its subjects should rest. That would be paternalism in government, to which free men ought not to submit. Each individual must decide this matter for himself. Jeopardizing the Right of Choice Some of the labor organizations believe that a law requiring all to rest on Sun-day is much to be desired, but there are those who belong to the unions, as well as those who do not, who are not impressed that way. Then is it right for those who favor a compulsory rest day, through the power of combination, to have their wishes crystallized into law to be enforced upon those who chance to differ with them ? Are they prepared to take such a step ? Are not the rights of others as sacred as their own? " The men who believe that God has ordered all people to keep Sunday after a certain fashion have a right to persuade people to agree with them so far as they can ; but they have no right to enforce it by law."ŠRev. Minot J. Savage. It is urged that rigid Sunday laws are essential for the protection of labor, be-cause of the slavery of the wage-earners, owing to the greed of great corporations that operate their plants every day in the week. It is to be deplored that many 