LIBERTY (i093) 43 forbids. Maine has been much maligned as to the amount of liquor sold in the State. Those who have broken the law of the State by illegal selling of liquor there, are the ones who have been de-manding a repeal of the law in order to " abolish hypocrisy and law evasion." Such advice comes with poor grace from such a source. The remedy for the con-dition complained of is to enforce the law, not to repeal it ; and when men who are chosen to office refuse to enforce the law after taking oath to do so, they should be removed or impeached. The situation is one which demands straight and strong dealing with if the State of Maine is to be saved to the cause of temperance. Let the temperance forces rally to the standard of purity and so-briety from Madawaska. to Kittery Point, and from Fryeburgh to the St. Croix, that the enemy of the homes and the man-hood and womanhood of the world may not flaunt the banner of discord, dissipa-tion, and death in the old Pine Tree State ; for whatever the verdict of the recount may be, the need of a genuine temperance rally in Maine is apparent. Demanding Compensation ŁIN conventions of liquor men where the question of the revoking of liquor licenses is under consideration, the de-mand is often made that, when licenses are refused, compensations should be granted by the government, the estate, or the city for the loss that may come to the saloon-keeper by the refusal of a renewal of his license. Concerning this demand, the Commoner of May 13 presents the following true and striking setting forth of the matter: Š They should remember the ancient rule that those who seek equity must do equity and enter a court of equity with clean hands. Do they compensate the mother when they drag her boy down to ruin? Do they compensate the wife when they  destroy the earning capacity of her hus-band? Do they compensate the children whose lives are blighted by a father's dis-sipation? Do they compensate society when they convert wealth producers into paupers? Do they compensate the state when they blunt the sensibilities of cit-izens and make a drink more potent than an argument in securing votes? The man who profits by cultivating in others the appetite for strong drink ought to be the last one to insist upon recovering compensation for any loss that he may suffer because of the enforcement of laws enacted for the protection of society. japan Will Not Establish Christianity SOME time ago a movement was set on foot in Japan for the establishment of Christianity as the national religion of the country. A portion of the Christian world hailed this movement with joy, thinking that great good would' come to the cause of Christ by the establishment of Christianity as the national religion of Japan ; and when the government de-cided not to do this, such persons felt that the interests of Christ's kingdom had suffered by the decision. But not so. They would have suffered infinitely more by such establishment than they could possibly suffer without it. Says Rev. Newell Dwight Hillis : Š The power of religion is not in a de-cree on the statute-books, but an en-thronement in the individual heart and life. The adoption of Christianity as a state religion by Japan would have been a disaster to the cause we love. Christi-anity is an atmosphere Š a genial cli-mate of the soul, in which the fruits of love, joy, obedience, peace, are ripened. Its power is love to God and man. Its power is the living Christ. Such fruits are never ripened on the tree of a national religion. The formal-ity of such a religion sears like a frost and devours like a canker-worm, and leaves only blight and death and decay wherever it is in force. 