0.0  4) Olt f;i113  LIBERTY edging the other. That this is the ideal relation, provided liberty be assured to those not of the established church, no sensible man can deny. The Catholic Church states in form of doctrine what all history shows to be inevitable : that where the church and the state are prac-tically two names for the nation viewed as a body of worshipers and as a politi-cal entity, it is impossible to prevent an intimate union. This language is clear, and there is no need that any one should misunderstand it. It lays down the principle that " the ideal relation " between church and state is that there should be a " friendly union " between the two " in a country wholly or predominantly Catholic." Of course, if this is a true principle and not a special plea for the Roman Catholic Church, it follows that in every country where the membership of any church constitutes a majority of the population, there should be what the cardinal calls a " friendly union " between that church and the state. This being true, we must conclude that " the ideal relation " in America would be a union between the Protestant religion and the state, inas-much as this country is predominantly Protestant; but Cardinal Gibbons would be the last one to agree to this proposi-tion. " The separation of church and state in this country seems to them [him] the natural, inevitable, and best conceiv-able plan." This goes to show that the doctrine of " friendly union " between church and state is only applicable when the church is the Roman Catholic Church ; and so it again appears that Cardinal Gibbons does not believe in the separation of church and state as a gen-eral principle, but only as a matter of ex-pediency when Roman Catholics are in the minority. In declaring himself in favor of a " friendly union " between church and state, " in a country wholly or predom-inantly Catholic," with the proviso that  " liberty be assured to those not of the established church," Cardinal Gibbons adopts the Roman Catholic idea of re-ligious liberty; namely, liberty granted by the will of the majority, rather than as the inalienable right of the individual which can neither be bestowed nor with-held by any other person or combination of persons. It is utterly impossible that there should be an " established church," and that the minority should at the same time enjoy equal religious rights. They may be granted toleration, but this is far from liberty. " Toleration which may be withdrawn means disapproval pri-marily, and then grudging concession." The Pope and Civil Affairs As to the possibilities of political' inter-ference on the part of the pope in the civil affairs of the country, Cardinal Gib-bons writes: Ñ Suppose, it is said, the pope were to issue commands in purely civil matters, should not Catholics be bound to yield him obedience? The pope will take no such act, we know, even though it is not a part of Catholic faith that he is infal-lible in the exercise of his authority; but were he to do so, he would stand self-condemned, a transgressor of the law he himself promulgates. Passing by the almost innumerable in-stances recorded in history in which the pope, or some representative of his, has attempted to direct in civil affairs or to control the votes of Catholic citizens, we call attention to the following despatch from Rome, dated March 7, which pre- sents an interesting feature of the elec-tion then held in Italy : Ñ One of the leading features of the con-test was the suspension of the " non-expedit " for the first time since 187o, thus bringing many Catholics into the lists against the anticlericals. The pope, who ordered the removal of the " non-expedit " from seventy-two constitu-encies, including three in Rome, took a lively interest in the fight and scru- 