LIBERTY  27 THE LAW OF GOD AS GIVEN BY JEHOVAH. " I will not alter the thing that is gone out of my lips." I.  Thou shalt have no other gods before me. II.  Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth: thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them : for I the Lord thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fa-thers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me ; and showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments. III.  Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain; for the Lord will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain. IV.  Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates : for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it. V.  Honor thy father and thy mother : that thy days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee. VI.  Thou shalt not kill. VII.  Thou shalt not commit adultery. VIII.  Thou shalt not steal. IX.  Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor. X.  Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor anything that is thy neighbor's. [Ex. 20: 3-17¥] AS CHANGED BY MAN. " He shall think himself able to change times and laws." Dan. 7: 25, Douay Bible. I.  I am the Lord thy God, thou shalt have none other gods before me. II.  Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain. III.  Remember to keep holy the festivals.' IV.  Honor thy father and thy mother. V.  Do not kill. VI.  Do not commit adultery. VII.  Do not steal. VIII.  Do not bear false witness. IX.  Do not covet your neighbor's wife. X.  Do not covet your neighbor's goods. Translated from Bellarmine's " Dottrina Cristiania Breve " (" Short Christian Doc-trine"), printed at Rome in 1836, by Peter Aurelj, " Condicenza de Superiori," pages 23, 24. [1 It is a significant fact that in Bellar-mine's time all the festivals commanded by the Church, Sunday included, were put into the same class, and the Fourth (third) com-mandment was interpreted as requiring the proper observance of all these days alike. This is shown by this wording of the com-mandment.Ñ ED. ] 