THOMAS JEFFERSON Mr. Jefferson was the author of the original draft of the Declaration of Independence 0 q LIBERTY 27 County of Virginia, had given confidence and courage necessary for such a step. That declaration Š the declaration that " all men are created equal "Š gave birth to a nation, a nation of which it could well be said, " A new order of things." The perfection of the work of the con-stitution-makers Š the Constitution that could only be the natural cor-ollary of the Declara-tion of Inde-pendence Šhas been confirmed b y the experience of ages. Speak-ing of the Constitu-tion, Gladstone said : "It is the most per-fect instrument ever struck off by the hand of man at a single stroke." Firmly the great fabric of free govern-ment was woven. Every conces-sion, every res-ervation, every provision from preamble to amendments, was designed to meet the requirements of what was destined to be " earth's greatest nation." The basal principles upon which this nation was formed are : (I) Government is of the people; and (2) government is of right entirely separate from religion. In the last-named principle may be found the key-note of American liberty. As religion is concerned with man's per-sonal relation of faith and of obedience to God, logically and rightfully the gov-ernment of the United States disavows any jurisdiction or power in things relig-ious. The supreme law declares : Š " No religious test shall ever be re-quired as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." And again,Š " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." Thus is Congress forbidden to make any law look-ing toward the establish-ment of a na-tional religion, or to legislate upon questions that are dis-tinctly and es-sentially relig-ious. In fact, as stated in the famed Treaty of Tri-poli: "The government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian relig-ion." And herein, indeed, was the estab-lishment of " a new order of things,"Š t h e repudiation of t h e time-hon-ored law of the " divine right of kings " and the abolition of despotic religious rule upon the part of the civil state. George Washington wrote: "Every man who conducts himself as a good cit-izen, is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dic-tates of his own conscience." James Madison wrote: " Religion is not in the purview of human govern-ment. Religion is essentially distinct from government and exempt from its cognizance." 