LIBERTY 61 streets, accompanied by music and a company of soldiers. Women did pen-ance going barefoot or on their knees ; all men were compelled to remove their hats, or be sued and taken to prison. This once befell a noted lawyer, who was a member of the national legislature, be-cause he did not see fit to do obeisance to the images. On one occasion we witnessed what was called field mass, when the troops commanded by the general with his staff, accompanied by the king, were present to render homage to their superior, the host. As the host was elevated, the bugle sounded, the king saluted, the sol-diers knelt and presented arms. Will the same be done in the United States? Let the Roman Church govern, and it will be so. Many years ago the real nature of the works of these " shepherds of the flock " was made manifest to the public. Especially was this true of the Jesuits. In 1759 they were banished. In 1834 the other religious orders were abolished. Laws to this end still existed up to Oc-tober, 1910, but certain decrees made possible their reentrance, until Portugal.  was almost subjugated by them again. But it took only about thirty-two hours to bring about a change, although many attempts had been made during twenty or more years. A Notable Date in Portuguese History The fifth of October, 1910, is another notable date in Portuguese history. That date marked the establishment of the republic by the revolutionists. The proclamation of religious and civil lib-erty, the banishment of the Jesuits and the royal house of Braganca, and the abolishment of all religious orders or societies were among the first measures. The government applied to the various orders the laws which had been in ex-istence since 1759 and 1834. Liberty of conscience for all, for-eigner as well as native, now exists in Portugal. All may worship God ac-cording to the dictates of their own con-science, or they may abandon all re- ligion; for religion is left to the church and the individual, where it properly belongs, and the government does not concern itself with that matter. The public exercise of religion is somewhat circumscribed that the infant republic may protect itself. The course is justi-fied in view of the situation here and the elements with which the government has to deal. It is perfectly understood by those who are acquainted with the work-ing of so-called Christian organizations and with clericalism. In February, 1911, a law of civil reg-istry was decreed by the provisional gov-ernment, taking from the hands of the priests this means of controlling the des-tinies of families. No more can they de-cide who shall be married and who shall not, or how much must be paid for a christening or a burial. However, after having complied with the law of civil registry, the parties may act in harmony with their convictions in these matters. This was cause for much complaint on the part of the clericals. Why ? Š For no other reason apparently than that their power over families had slipped from their grasp. The prevailing idea in the mind of the government was to cut loose from such a dominating power. All mankind ought to know that when the church is united with the state, the church assumes control in civil as well as in spiritual concernments. On April 20, 1911, the law of sepa-ration of church and state was decreed, giving to all the right of religious liberty and civil rights to a limited degree. Paul, writing to the Galatians said : " For, brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not liberty for an oc-casion to the flesh, but by love serve one another." Gal. 5 : 13. Because the church had the liberty to control affairs, men under a religious cloak permitted their sinful passions to govern and their love of money and power to overshadow their love of God and their brethren. As all know, masses for the "'repose " of the souls of the dead are a great source of revenue for the Catholic 