124 LIBE,111 Y tion, on July 4, 1889, published a state-ment that the National Reformers " do not believe that as a political maxim, governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. . . . The object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamen-tal law." This shows clearly that the National Reformers are not in sympathy with our republican form of government, but lean strongly toward the autocratic and the monarchical systems. Recently the leaders of these religious organizations induced the city council of Los Angeles, Cal., to pass a compulsory Sunday observance ordinance. Some very heated discussions and hearings were held before the city council on this question. The city council finally passed the measure, and the president of the council, in the absence of the mayor, signed the ordinance. A storm of public opposition arose, threatening to invoke the referendum and the recall of the councilmen. The mayor and the city at-torney disapproved the measure, and de-clared it unconstitutional. Finally the city council deemed it advisable to re-peal the ordinance, and did so unani-mously. Later on, the above-mentioned reli-gious organizations besieged the council-men to pass a Sunday measure which would exempt all those who had pre-viously objected to its restrictive pro-visions. Finally a Sunday bill was framed which practically exempted ev-erybody but barbers. The following report rendered by Clara B. Homer, assistant secretary of the Church Federation of Los Angeles, shows how the civil and religious organi-zations are working hand in hand to establish, regulate, and perpetuate reli-gious laws in California : " Regarding the action of the Church Federation with reference to the One-Day-Rest-in-Seven Bill, the matter was first brought to the attention of the Church Federation at a meeting of their executive committee on March 10, 1914.  when Mr. Nicodemus and Mr. Weathers, of the Local Barbers' Union, were pres-ent and presented the bill. The matter was thoroughly discussed, and later re-ferred to a committee of which Rev. Dr. Eby was the chairman, in order to see if the provisions of the Weekly Rest Day League, for a Sunday-closing bill, could be included. Dr. Eby later reported that a satisfactory agreement had been reached, and upon this report, it was moved and carried that the Church Fed-eration indorse the bill." This shows clearly that there is a reli-gious propaganda back of all these Sun-day bills. These religious organizations are determined to enforce religion by civil laws, just as did some of the pro-fessed orthodox Christian church organi-zations in the days of Constantine. Whenever a movement starts at the same place, and follows the same course of preceding movements, it is bound to ter-minate in similar results. We need not try the experiment of uniting the Chris-tian church with a Christian state in or-der to find out the results. The experiment has been repeatedly tried, and the oresults have always been disastrous both to the church and to the state. Take the countries which have an es-tablished legal religion and a legally rec-ognized Christian church, and compare them with the United States where for more than one hundred years the Chris-tian church has been divorced from its legal connections with the state. Who in America would want to exchange places and conditions as they now prevail in those countries, with his own happy lot ? A frequent recurrence to the history of the past is our only hope of salvation from the mistakes of other days. If we do not put forth an effort to defeat such religio-political movements, it will not be long until a state religion will be inserted into our national and State constitutions, and enforced indis-criminately upon all citizens without re-spect of individual rights and religious convictions. If the Californians prize 