Temperance :41,...,0 Ł r 4) Liberty in Prohibition W. M. HEALEY BY prohibition we mean prohibition of the liquor business by civil law. Has the state a right to prohibit the sale and the manufacture of intoxicating liquor? It is the duty of the state to protect all its citizens in the possession and ex-ercise of their rights. In order to se-cure the rights of all, every one must be prohibited from infringing upon the rights of any. All acts and liberties must be related to, and prescribed by, those of other people. Every one has the right to accumulate wealth, but he has no right to do so by taking that which belongs to another. In so doing he tramples upon another's right, and forfeits his own property and liberty. The murderer destroys an-other's right to life, and by that act for-feits his own natural right to existence. A person living far from others may build his house of wood or straw, while, in the city, he may be prevented from using either: for this same reason he is allowed to tear down his house, but not to set it on fire, because of the danger to the property of others. A man may shoot his gun at pleasure within the lim-its of his large farm, but he is not al-lowed to shoot that same gun on his own city lot, because the effect of that shoot-ing goes beyond his lot and control. One may take a bath, or build a pig-pen, but not on the public sidewalk, as that infringes upon the rights of others. No one has a right to be in the pres-ence of others in an intoxicated condi-tion, as he is a nuisance. Common de-cency and the safety of others must deny him such a right. No one has a moral right to be intox-icated anywhere. This goes without challenge from any one able to under-stand an argument. No one has a civil right to be drunk. The first drink is the one to be avoided, for without it drunk-enness is impossible. If one has a right to become intoxi- cated, then the manufacture and sale of liquor is proper, and right, as contribu-ting to a legitimate end. A man has a right to build a house, and for this rea-son the manufacture and sale of the ma-terial is legitimate. One has no right to make counterfeit money. And the manu-facture or sale of stamps or dies for such a purpose is unlawful. There is a fable to the effect that a man, who was under obligation to an evil spirit, was given his choice of three crimes. He could com-mit murder, break the seventh command-ment, or get drunk. He readily chose the latter, " because," he said, " that will injure no one but myself." When he became sober, he found that, while in-toxicated, he had committed both the other crimes. A man wearing a mask, and carrying a dark lantern and a kit of burglar's tools, in a dark night, is arrested, not because he has committed any crime, but because he is prepared to do so. A drunken man, having destroyed his sense of right and wrong, and his power of self-control, has preparM himself for any crime within his ability to commit. As he has no right to be in that condition, it follows that there exists no right to manufacture or sell liquor for that pur-pose. Every one owes it to the family, to society, to the state, to live a sober and useful life. They have a right to de-mand it as a protection to the rights of others. And prohibition of the manu-facture and sale of liquor for drinking purposes is for the protection of liberty and right. Los Angeles, Cal. A Saloonless State WHO that knows anything of the evils and the evil influences connected with sa-loons, would not choose to live in a sa-loonless suburb, city, or town? What lover of sobriety, peace, quiet, order, and home would not likewise rejoice to live 