A Vigorous Protest Against Encroachments Upon Individual Liberty IN view of the present tendency to regulate human conduct by law and to look to legislative enactment as the pana-cea for moral ills at the expense of in-dividual liberty, a protest against such a course from a man of influence in public affairs is an encouraging omen and a val-uable contribution to the agitation of this most important question. We note with satisfaction that such a protest has been made, and we feel warranted in devoting considerable :pace to it. In an address delivered last January before the New York State Bar Associa-tion, printed in the New York Times of February 8, Edgar M. Cullen, the re-tired chief judge of the court of appeals of that State, took the ground that there is now " a strong tendency in courts, in legislatures, and, worst of all, in the peo-ple themselves, to disregard the most fundamental principles of personal rights," and he cited a number of cases in proof of his contention. After affirm-ing that a most momentous question now before the country is " whether individ-ual liberty is still to obtain in America," Judge Cullen went on to say : Ñ ¥ It may seem remarkable that less than one hundred and forty years after the Declaration of Independence, and twelve years less than that time after the adop-tion of the Constitution of the United States, the question I have propounded should be still open for discussion. Nev-ertheless,, unless I am utterly mistaken, there is now a strong tendency in courts, in legislatures, and, worst of all, in the people themselves, to disregard the most fundamental principles of personal rights. Judicial decisions are made, statutes are enacted, and doctrines are publicly advocated which, when I was young, would have shocked our people to the last degree. In those days liberty was deemed to be the right of the citizen, to act and live as he thought best so long  as his conduct did not invade a like right on the part of others. Today, according to the notion of many, if not most people, liberty is the right of part of the people to compel the other part to do what the first part thinks the latter ought to do for its own benefit. It has been said that the great misfor-tune of the day is the mania for regu-lating all human conduct by statute, from responsibility for which few are exempt, for those who resent as paternalism or socialism legislative interference with their own affairs are ¥often most persist-ent in the attempt to regulate the conduct of others. That there has been of late years a reaction from the faith in indi-vidualism, which was almost universal in free countries in the middle of the last century, is certain. After stating that he had always be-lieved that " the subordination of the military power to¥the civil was an axiom in a free country," Judge Cullen reports the repudiation of this principle in deal-ing with the disorders in West Virginia growing out of the great coal strike in 1912, quotes from the court decision con-cerning the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, and expresses himself quite strongly concerning the tendency to call out the militia on small provoca-tion : Ñ The lust for military intervention in civil affairs grows on what it feeds upon. It is becoming the common practice, in the case of any great disaster, such as fire or flood, to call out the military. Finally, in this very month, in the State of Washington, a young lady, act-ing as secretary to the governor, placed the town of Copperfield under martial law and the control of the military be-cause the civil authorities had failed to close the saloons as required by law. Thus one violation of liberty and law leads to another. . . . If it be true that in this country order cannot be maintained and the law en- 79 