172 LIBERTY Nation-Wide Prohibition BY E. H. PARKINSON, D. D. THE goal to all temperance effort should be nation-wide prohibition. The rescuing of an individual here and there and the banishing of saloons from com-munities, great and worthy ends though they are, should rather augment than diminish exertion looking toward the speedy prohibition of the liquor traffic. And the day has come when definite and distinct work can be done by the individ-ual toward this very worthy and ultimate object. To be sure, the professional politician would have him confine all his plan and effort to his neighborhood, and then not to antagonize the outlines of procedure prescribed by certain bosses living miles away. But whatever may be the hints or mandates of the few, the duty and the privilege of every well-wisher of his country remain very clear Š to do his utmost for the effectual na-tional prohibition of the liquor traffic at the earliest possible date. It may be asked, What can the in-dividual do for the accomplishment of that end? Does not the local work af-ford more opportunities though the end is not so great? We answer, There are opportunities in the larger and better work if we only look for them. Every one can scatter literature urging nation-wide prohibition. Every voter should at least forward petitions to legislators and congressmen urging their vote and sup-port of a national prohibition bill ; he should also petition delegates to the com-ing national conventions, urging sup-port, and vote for candidates favoring unequivocally national prohibition Š that he will by work and vote seek the indorse-ment of that vital issue in the national platforms. Chicago. "A MAN who cannot discuss his reli-gion has none. A man who is afraid to discuss it has none."Š Speech of Senator W. B. Heyburn, May 26, 1911. The Saloon an Enemy to Personal Liberty WE are opposed to the liquor traffic because it tramples underfoot with im- punity the most sacred rights of human-ity. No man or business enterprise has any natural or delegated right, from ei-ther human or divine sources, to do any-thing that will mar and destroy the life, liberty, and happiness of another. Per-sonal liberty does not mean the right to do as one pleases, irrespective of others' rights. My personal liberty ends where another's personal injury begins. Lib-erty of action does not mean that I have the right . to attack the welfare of all humanity, and engage in a public enter-prise productive of crime, misery, and poverty. For example, personal liberty does not mean that a husband has the right to hand his income to the .bartender and feed himself from the free lunch counter while he compels his wife and children to stand in the bread line. The saloon is an enemy to personal liberty, and an alien to all that is truly noble in man and grand in the nation. C. S. L. THE only permanent reformations which God wrought in all the ages that are past have been individual works. All national improvements have terminated in backsliding or apostasy when their course was fully run. . . . Among bar-barous and polished, learned and un-learned, powerful and weak, honorable and vile, the same dispositions have been manifested ; and with persistent perver-sity, men have refused to submit to the righteous laws of God, and have dis-dained to seek his mercy or to adjust the long-continued controversy which they have waged with him. Never has mercy prevailed with the multitude.Š" The Great Controversy Between God and Man," by H. L. Hastings, 1858, pp. 118, 519. 