LIBERTY 16:; To the question, " Where have you seen the best Sabbath observance? " a San Francisco pastor answers, " Among the Christian people of California." (Mr. Crafts' " Sabbath for Man," page 95.) But California has no Sunday law. Therefore Sunday laws are not essential to good Sunday observance. trench upon human rights. Their pur-pose is to safeguard life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. But Sunday statutes undertake to give the protection of civil law to a religious institution, and it is only as some one is moved by re-ligious considerations that the law is in-voked by the people and enforced by the courts. Thomas Jefferson pointed out this very feature of Sunday laws, nearly a hun-dred and forty years ago, when he said, " A single zealot may commence perse-cution, and better men be his victims." All such laws are dangerous as long as they are unrepealed. Instead of making them a subject of cheap jokes and trying to laugh them out of court, the news-papers should agitate seriously and per-sistently for the repeal of all such stat-utes. Instead of being laughed out of court, they should be legislated off the statute books ; and this could be done if the newspapers, and the people who do not want any Sunday laws for them-selves, treated the matter seriously in-stead of facetiously. The " Evening Star " on Another Feature Another feature of the Maryland Sun-day law is discussed by the Washington Star in its Sunday edition of the morn-ing of May 14, as follows: Š " It is unfortunate that the trials at Rock-ville last Saturday in the cases of the alleged Sabbath breakers of Friendship Heights did not result in a more specific definition of what a resident can do in the way of Sunday work around his own premises. One of the de-fendants was acquitted on the ground that a mistake had been made in the charge in the matter of the date of the alleged offense, and  the other was released on the ground that he had only picked up a few pieces of paper from his lot and burned them, which the judge did not regard as sufficiently heinous to warrant punishment. The law under which these men were prosecuted is that prohibiting the per-formance of unnecessary manual labor on the Sabbath. Just what constitutes necessity in such a case evidently remains to be determined in each individual case. Many suburbanites find their best, and indeed their only, opportu-nity for effective care of their house lots on Sunday, unless they arise at a very early hour or work late in the evening after their return from the city. Plainly the matter rests upon the discretion of the court, but it would be to the advantage of everybody if a more exact inter-pretation of the law were given in general terms so that each resident of the adjacent counties of Maryland can tell just what he can do legally and what he cannot do. This should be established on a legal basis, and not sub-jected to a personal censorship." The Star points out a very real diffi-culty in the equitable enforcement of the law in question, but misses the larger question of the ground and propriety of such statutes. No Civil Basis for Such Laws From a civil standpoint, what possible reason can there be for a law that forbids the individual who is confined to business for six days in the week to spend the non-business day in the very way in which it is asserted these men did spend it? From the standpoint of health and of moral uplift in the nonreligious sense what could possibly be more helpful than a day spent at home, and not only at home but in improving and beautifying the immedi-ate physical surroundings of the home? What civil reason could possibly be urged for a law forbidding such employments at any time? Š Absolutely none. I shall refuse to take up an attack on people who entertain on Sunday, because I believe the matter rests entirely with them, and no one should interfere. It is a ques-tion for a man's conscience to decide, and not for any other man to decide for him.ŠRev. U. G. B. Pierce, reported in the Washington Post, March 6, 1911. 