Important Announcement The Presbytery of Washington City seeks to secure the enact- ment of the Sabbath of Scotland as a " divine institution " in the District of Columbia. The following resolutions reveal the scheme for the propaganda: Š " Resolved, That Presbyterians, grateful for the deep re- gard for the Sabbath that has come to them by inherit- ance and training from Scotland, should everywhere con- sider themselves under special obligation to lead in de- fense of the imperiled Sabbath, especially as there are very few Sabbath-defense organizations other than the churches, united for the safeguarding of this divine and humane in- stitution; and,Š " Resolved, That as the District df Columbia is the only Christian commonwealth in the world, except California, that has no Sunday-rest law; and as it has no Representa- tive in Congress; and as it is the nation's capital, and in its population includes a nearly pro rata portion of the population of every State as resident members of the gov- ernment, we appeal to all true Americans, and especially to Christians, individually or by deputations, to see their Senators and Representatives while they are at home, to ask their support in the next session of Congress, to the Jones Sunday-rest bill, which provides for the suspension on Sunday of such unnecessary work and business in the District of Columbia as is forbidden in all the States, save California. We submit, their delegations in Congress should give to their own citizens resident in Washington such Sunday rest as their State gives when they are at home; and,Š " Resolved, That the Stated Clerk shall send a copy of these resolutions to the local press and to all Presbyteries,  asking them to take similar action, and to urge their Senators and Congressmen to support this and other pend- ing moral measures. ' The above is a true copy of the action of the Presby- tery of Washington City, in session in Washington, D. C., Sept. II, 1916, and is hereby sent to each Presbytery of the Presbyterian Church U. S. A. through the Stated Clerks. " Attest, Š, Stated Clerk. D. C., Sept. 15, " Takoma Park, 1916." It is a well-attested fact that Sunday is better observed in the District of Columbia and in California than in many States which have drastic Sunday laws. Nobody is compelled to work on Sunday, and everybody naturally rests when he is at liberty to do so. There is no necessity for a Sunday law to compel people to rest. Now is the time for every lover of liberty to work with his Senators and Congressmen, and give them a copy of the " Liberty Extra," which sets forth the wrong principles involved in the Jones Sunday-rest bill. There was never a greater necessity for the " Liberty " magazine than at present. See that your subscription does not lapse. Write your Senators a letter protesting against bill S. 5677. 