LIBERTY  27 not be necessary for a man to be shaved or have his hair cut on Sunday, but the barber may know that in order to properly provide for his family it is necessary for him to shave his customers on that day. Again the delivering of ice to the rich, who have ways of keeping it over Sunday, may not be a necessity, but to the poor, swelter-ing in the congested tenements of the cities, the case may be far different. Whose necessity shall be considered, the rich or the poor? Who is prepared to swear that it is absolutely necessary for a man to get up on Sunday morning, or to eat a meal. It is convenient, of course; but this is not the question. If only acts of actual neces-sity are to be permitted by the promoters of Sunday laws, where shall the line be drawn? It is needless to add more. Enough has been said to call attention to the fact that this clause which is introduced into nearly all Sunday bills is merely a subterfuge to extricate men from the difficulties in which they are involved when once the state enters a field upon which it has no right. Concerning the intricate questions involved, no human mind can discriminate, and the vain jangling which would be fleets-sary in order to find the way out of the labyrinth of confusion concerning this matter is but a sample of the sea of endless controversy upon which the state embarks when once it enters the realm of religion. The Extent of Sunday Laws in the United States, and Some of Their Evil Effects K. C. RUSSELL THE question of Sunday legislation is assuming gigantic proportions in this country. Every State in the Union, except California and Idaho, and the Territory of Arizona, has a Sunday law, and in many of these there are demand's for even more rigid laws than they now possess. Not only are Sunday laws found here, but in almost every other country throughout the world. This question is one concerning which none can escape responsibility; all must take their stand for or against these laws. The advocates of Sunday legislation have said and written so much concerning the necessity of such laws as being in the in- terests of morality, that many have become blinded and deceived as to the evil effects of such legislation. It will be found, by considering their effects upon every phase of society, that Sunday laws are a terrible menace to city, state, and nation; and it is high time that their evil results were pointed out, that all may understand their true nature. Sunday laws produce hypocrites, because they compel a person to outwardly appear religious when he is not. 'Sunday laws infringe upon the rights of conscience, because they enter the realm of religion, which is the realm of conscience. Sunday laws are a species of class legis-lation; because they favor one class of re-ligionists at the expense of others. Sunday laws are favorite tools for the work of inquisitors. They encourage one class of citizens to spy out the liberties of another class who do not believe in ob-serving the day as they do. Sunday laws are the cause of upright and honest Christian people being compelled to appear before courts as criminals for exer-cising their God-given right to work six days and rest on the seventh. Sunday laws are productive of immoral-ity, because they make idleness compulsory. On this point, Dr. W. W. Evert, a promi-nent Baptist clergyman, in " The Sabbath, Its Defense," says: " It were better no Sabbath were given to the poor than that they should spend it in dissipation. Unin-terrupted toil is not so debasing to the body, mind, estate, or character." Sunday laws violate the golden rule, which says, " Therefore all things whatso-ever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." Those who ask others to observe a day which they do not regard as sacred, would not wish to be compelled to observe a day which they do not believe to be sacred. Sunday laws are a prolific source of re-ligious persecution, as is evidenced by the fact that from 1885 to 1896, as the result of their enforcement, over one 'hundred Seventh-day Adventists in the United States, and about thirty in foreign coun-tries, were prosecuted in fifteen States, for quiet work performed on the first day of the week, resulting in fines and costs amounting to $2,269.69, and imprisonments totaling 1,438 days, and 455 days served in chain gangs. 