4  LIBERTY certs, nor the regular business of hotels and restaurants on said day; nor to the delivery of articles of food, including meats, at any time before io o'clock in the morning of said day from June to October 1; nor to the sale of milk, fruit, confectionery, ice, soda, and min-eral waters, newspapers, periodicals, cigars, drugs, medicines, and surgical appliances ; nor to the business of livery stables, or other public, or the use of private, conveyances ; nor to the handling and operation of the United States mail. SEC. 3. That any person or corpora-tion who shall violate the provisions of this act shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not more than ten dollars or by imprisonment in the jail of the District of Columbia for not more than ten days, or by both such fine and imprisonment, in the discretion of the court: Provided, That persons who are members of a religious society who ob-serve as a Sabbath any other day in the week than Sunday, shall not be liable to the penalties prescribed in this act if they observe as a Sabbath one clay in each seven, as herein provided. SEC. 4. That all prosecutions for vio-lations of this act shall be in the police courts of the District of Columbia and in the name of the District. The amendment was agreed to. Mr. Kean: I should like to inquire whether it is a unanimous report from the committee. Mr. Johnston: It is. I desire to offer an amendment. I move to strike out the proviso in Section 3 and to add it to Section i, in just exactly the same lan-guage. The Vice-President: The senator from Alabama proposes an amendment, which will be stated. The Secretary: On page three of the committee amendment, Section 3, it is proposed to strike out the proviso and to add it at the end of Section i. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was reported to the Senate as amended, and the amendments were con-curred in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read the third time, and passed. The title was amended so as to read : " A bill for the proper observance of  Sunday as a day of rest in the District of Columbia." The bill thus passed the Senate was sent to the House, and there referred to the Committee on the District of Colum-bia, but owing to the short time interve-ning before the adjournment of Con-gress, no hearing was held, and no action was taken by the committee. When Congress convenes again in De-cember, this Sunday bill, with the several bills introduced in the House, will doubt-less be considered by the committee, and some kind of report made thereupon. It seems fitting, therefore, that so far as possible the attention of all the people should be called to this pending legis-lation, to the principles involved therein, and to the result likely to accrue in case one of these bills should become a law. Sunday "as a Sabbath " It is plainly the purpose of this Senate bill to secure the observance of Sunday " as a Sabbath " in the territory to which it is applicable. There can be no doubt about this, as the title declares it to be " A bill for the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest in the District of Columbia." This title might with equal propriety have read : " A bill for the proper observance of Sunday as the Sabbath," etc. This is certain from the proviso which is attached to Section 3, in which certain persons are exempt from the penalties of this bill " If they observe as a Sabbath one day in each seven, as herein provided." [Italic ours.] There can be no question, therefore, that the aim of those who are urging the pas-' sage of this bill is to require in the Dis-trict of Columbia observance of one day in the week " as a Sabbath." The day to be so observed is preferably " the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day," although the observance of another day " as a Sabbath " will be permitted under certain conditions. 