Who presided at a recent mass-meeti was the chairman of a deputation a velt in the interest of the better o ng which favored Sunday laws, and ppointed to wait on President Roose-bservance of Sunday. LIBER TY 23 ceeding religious sects, and whether it be the Friday of the Mohometan, the Saturday of the Israelite, or the Sunday of the Christian, it is alike fixed in the affections of its followers beyond the power of eradi-cation, and in most of the States of our confederacy the aid of the law to enforce its observance has been given under the pretense of a civil, mu-nicipal, o r police regu-lation." In the same con-nection, Mr. Chief Jus-tice Terry also said : " It is con-tended that a civil rule requiring the devo-tion of one seventh o f the time to repose is an absolute ne-cessity, and the want of it has been dilated upon as a great evil to society, but have the legisla-tures so considered JUSTICE JOHN M. HARLAN, OF it ? Such UNITED an assump-tion is not warranted by anything contained in the Sunday law. On the contrary, the intention which per-vades the whole act is to enforce as a re-ligious institution the observance of a day held sacred by the followers of one faith and entirely disregarded by all other de-nominations within the State. The whole scope of the act is expressive of an inten-tion on the part of the legislature to require a periodical cessation from ordinary pur-suits, not as a civil duty necessary for the repression of any existing evil, but in fur- therance of the interests, and in aid of the devotion, of those who profess the Chris-tian religion." The principles laid down by Mr. Chief Justice Terry apply as well in the District of Columbia as in the State of California. The real position of those who demand Sunday laws has been clearly stated by one of their own number in these words : "More than three fourths of the popula-tion of the United States a r e members or adherents of Christian churches, and so ac-customed to set apart the first day of each week for rest and religion... . It is the conviction of this ma-jority that the nation can not be preserved without re-ligion, n o r COURT OF THE religion without the sabbath, nor the sabbath without laws." The real purpose, then, of all such laws is religious and in the interests of the religion of the majority. Such laws, there-fore, are an infringement upon religious lib-erty, and contrary to the letter and spirit of the Constitution. The True Principles It is no sufficient reply to this argument to say that the observer Ł of another day is not compelled to work on the day which he regards as holy time, and is not com-pelled to attend religious worship on the THE SUPREME STATES, 