110 LIBERTY tion from the federation of colonies to a national compact, to be known as the United States of America. A reference or two concerning the at-titude of the States which were to ratify the Constitution may be in place as we develop the idea Which I believe to have been uppermost in the minds of the best-thinking people of that time. In the Vir-ginia Convention, Patrick Henry, a dele-gate, said, in part : Š " You are not to inquire how your trade may be increased, nor how you are to become a great and powerful people, but how your liberties can be secured ; for liberty ought to be the direct end of your government. . . . Liberty, the greatest of all earthly blessings, give us that precious jewel, and you may take everything else. . . . Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. . . . The great and direct end of government is liberty. Secure our liberty and privi-leges, and the end of government is an-swered. If this be not effectually done, government is an evil." Madison, in the same convention, said:Š "There is not a shadow of right in the general government to intermeddle with religion. Its least interference with it would be a most flagrant usurpation. I can appeal to my uniform conduct on this subject, that I have warmly sup-ported religious freedom." After the Constitution had been rati-fied by the required number of States to make it operative and to launch the ship of state, it was thought by Seventh-day Baptists of Pennsylvania and other Bap-tists of Virginia that Article VI did not sufficiently guarantee religious freedom. Correspondence was carried on with George Washington, resulting in the ad-dition of the first ten amendments, the first being, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The father of these amendments was James Madison, who was at the time a member of Congress. The House of Representatives, in 1830, held that " it is the duty of this  government to afford to all Š to Jew or Gentile, pagan or Christian Š the pro-tection and the advantages of our be-nignant institutions on Sunday as well as every clay of the week. Although this government will not convert itself into an ecclesiastical tribunal, it will practice upon the maxim laid down by the Founder of Christianity Š that it is law-ful to do good on the Sabbath day." It has been asserted that the reason the name of God is not mentioned in the Constitution is because the authors of that document were irreligious, or at best nonreligious. I shall quote in rebuttal of this position the conclusions of the ju-diciary committee of the House of Rep-resentatives in 1874, as follows : Š " The committee on the judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of E. G. Goulet and others, asking Congress for ' an acknowledgment of Almighty God and the Christian religion ' in the Con-stitution of the United States, having considered the matter referred to them, respectfully pray leave to report,Š " That, upon examination even of the meager debates by the fathers of the re-public in the convention which framedŁ the Constitution, they find that the sub-ject of this memorial was most fully and carefully considered, and then, in that convention, decided, after grave deliber-ation, to which the subject was entitled, that, as this country, the foundation of whose government they were then laying, was to be the home of the oppressed of all nations of the earth, whether Chris-tian or pagan, and in full realization of the dangers which the union between church and state had imposed upon so many nations in the Old World, with great unanimity that it was inexpedient to put anything into the Constitution or frame of government which might be construed to be a reference to any reli-gious creed or doctrine. " And they further find that this de-cision was accepted by our Christian fa-thers with such great unanimity that in the amendments which were afterward proposed in order to make the Constitu-tion more acceptable to the nation, none 