48 LIBERTY LIBERTY A Magazine of Religious Freedom Set for the Defense of the Rights of Conscience, and therefore opposed to a Union of Church and State in name or in fact WASHINGTON, D. C., FIRST QUARTER, 1910 Subscription Price - 25 cents a year No Subscriptions accepted for less than one year Organ of the Religious Liberty Association Published Quarterly by REVIEW al HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN.  Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. C. M. SNOW EDITOR K. C. RUSSELL I W. A. COLCORD Editorial Contributors: W. W. Prescott, W. A. Spicer, G. B. Thompson, A. J. S. Bourdeau, B. G. Wilkinson (Wash-ington, D. C.) ; L. A. Smith, C. P. Bollman, P. T. Magan, S. B. Horton (Tennessee) ; J. 0. Corliss, W. M. Healey (Cali-fornia) ; E. T. Russell, J. S. Wightman (Nebraska) ; C. S. Long-acre (Massachusetts) ; J. G. Lamson (Minnesota) ; W. T. Bartlett (England) ; Jean Vuilleumier (France) ; A. W. Ander-son (Australia) ; E. W. Thomann (Chile) ; E. F. Forga (Peru). Entered as second-class matter. May I, 1906. at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. CIGARETTES are a sure device for dwarfing a boy's physique, and checking his intellectual development. TRUE and acceptable worship must be the unhampered upwelling of the human soul. An attempt to force it is an at-tempt to destroy it. " WITHOUT faith," says Inspiration, " it is impossible to please Him." Faith can not be forced. It is beyond the pur-view of legislation. oŠArtaa.--Ł  IF it is wrong to take away from men their property and their lives, can it be right to license a business which does that very thing? In other words, is the one who casts his ballot for the license of the saloon guiltless of the murders and rob-beries which the saloons cause ? A cor-poration is responsible for the acts of its agents. Is not the licensed saloon the active agent of the one who licenses it? A CONSIDERABLE number of excellent books, invaluable for religious liberty workers and students, are given review notice on pages 44 and 45. Order through Review and Herald Publishing Assn. GoD has business with every soul in the world. He transacts that business with each soul direct. " Ye will not come to me, that ye might have life," is divinity's recognition of the right of choice in each individual. No soul believes unto eternal life or chooses eternal life through the belief of some one else or the choice of some one else; and when one attempts to choose for another or force his belief on another, he is attempting to rob that other of his God-given rights, and, if he succeeds, he robs God also of what is his due Š the true, acceptable worship of that soul unrighteously coerced. Free-dom in Christ Jesus means the emancipa-tion of the soul from the slavery of en-forced religion as well as from the slavery of sin. THE warfare of the National Reform Association against freedom of religion in this country, and against the funda-mental principles of the government it-self, was clearly set forth by themselves in their summer convention at Winona Lake, Ind., a report of which was given in our October issue. The danger does not lie in the numbers belonging to that association, but in the fact that the principles enunciated by that organiza-tion are being adopted and acted upon by other great religious organizations. And the danger is not to individuals alone, but to religion itself; for religion has inevi-tably lost in purity and spiritual power where it has been enforced under cor-poreal penalties. Truly did James Mad-ison speak when he said : " Religion flour-ishes in greater purity without than with the aid of government." ASSOCIATE EDITORS 