26  LIBERTY good will toward men ; " and the funda-mental principle of his kingdom was the absolute sovereignty of the divine Being only, and the perfect equality of men, embodied in these words : " For one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren." There was at this time, in Rome, hu-man slavery. But neither Christ nor his apostles sought to release slaves from the service of their masters, nor indeed to change any social custom in any par-ticular, except as individuals were led to change their manner of living, to forsake the ways of sin, and to follow the paths of righteousness. And yet, in teaching the equality of all men, that all are breth-ren, Christ did in effect strike the shack-les from the wrists of every bondman whose master became a follower of the lowly Nazarene. Outwardly the rela-tion of master and slave might be main-tained, and service might still be given and received, but in very truth the gospel established social equality as between master and servant. The slave, equally with the master, became the Lord's free-man, while the master, equally with his slave, became Christ's bond-servant. Then, too, the promulgation of the doctrine that God is supreme and that every man is answerable directly to him, was in effect to teach that all despotism was unlawful, that just human govern-ment must be by the consent of the gov-erned. It follows, as logically as it is pos-sible for one thing to follow another, that the man who is answerable directly to God must be left free by his fellows to render to God that obedience which his conscience dictates. This principle is em-bodied by our Saviour in the familiar words, " Render therefore unto Cesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." Christ was not an anarchist. He did not seek to destroy the established order, nor even to supersede civil government or society in general by his spiritual king-dom; but he did draw a clear line be-tween the civil and the spiritual. At the time those words were uttered, " Render therefore unto Caesar the thing,, which are Caesar's," the Jews were living under the Roman government. They were receiving protection from Rome against the aggressions of other nations. They themselves had appealed to Rome for protection, and had formed an al-liance, offensive and defensive, with Rome. Their money bore the image and superscription of the Roman emperor. It was only right that they should ren-der something to Rome for that which they received from Rome; hence the Sav-iour's words, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Cxsar's." But loyalty to Caesar must not mean disloyalty to God. Before Rome was, God existed. His government and its principles were fundamental. Rome could neither add to nor take from the obligations resting upon all men to obey God ; and in rendering to Caesar the things that were Cxsar's, they must re-member the supreme obligation to render to God that which belonged to God. And this same principle has leavened the world. It is true to a great extent that rulers have been unconscious of th fact that they were influenced by the gospel, yet nevertheless they have changed their methods and modified their claims, until today there is scarcely an unlimited monarchy in the world, and the principles of political liberty, which have their root in the gospel, are more or less fully recognized everywhere. It is true that these principles are but imperfectly understood even now ; and the selfishness of men and the false phi-losophy of pseudoreformers have pre-_vented the full establishment of civil and religious liberty ; but whatever the world enjoys today of freedom, in either civil or religious things, is the direct result of the spiritual truths taught by him whose mission it was " to preach good tidings unto the meek ; . . . to bind up the bro-ken-hearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound." Nashville, Tenn. 