600 18 LIBERTY The Sunday laws of our colonial and post-colonial times have come over from English common law jurisprudence, but are contrary to the spirit of the Dec-laration, contrary to the national Consti-tution which prohibits any enactment by the States of laws which would infringe on the rights of national citizenship. Jefferson, who wrote the Declaration, combated the theory that Christianity was part of the common law, even of England, and held that common law ex-isted while the Anglo-Saxons were yet pagans. But that there should be no mistake as to the American principle of civil govern-ment, another instrument besides the Declaration of Independence became nec-essary to interpret and fix in a funda-mental way these principles. Therefore the Constitution was prepared and adopted by a convention in 1787, by which all legislation, both national and State, was to be tried. The Constitu-tion, as then adopted, however, did not fully meet the requirements as suggested by the Declaration. This made it im-perative that it should be amended with special reference to freedom and liberty. Accordingly, the first ten amendments of the Constitution were adopted, making the idea of civil government as held by the forefathers more apparent in the fun-damental law of the land. In speaking of the need of attending to these prin-ciples of civil government at that time, Thomas Jefferson said : Š " Besides, the spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecution, and better men be his victims. It can never be too often repeated that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest, and ourselves united. From the conclusion of this war we shall be going down-hill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, therefore, and their rights disregarded. They will for-get themselves, but in the sole faculty of  making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due respect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier, till our rights shall re-vive or expire in a convulsion." Despite the Declaration to commem-orate the signing of which the fourth of July has been set apart as to die non, religious organizations are demanding that the Constitution shall be amended so as to declare this a Christian nation, and that Congress shall give national rec-ognition to the sanctity of Sunday by passing laws for its observance. PATRICK IIENRY The eloquence and enthusiasm of Henry were strong features in the struggle for independence As certainly as effect follows cause, just so certainly will this country be turned from the path of its original rec-titude and liberty, if it yields to the de-mands for religious legislation. The patriotic Patrick Henry, in discus-sing the Constitution in the Virginia con-vention, said : Š " You are not to inquire how your trade may be increased, nor how you are to become a great and powerful people, but how your liberties can be secured ; for liberty ought to be the direct end of your government. . . . The great and direct end of government is liberty. Secure our liberty and privileges, and 