60 LIBERTY Chief Justice Terry of the supreme court of California, in declaring enforced Sun-day observance unconstitutional, said: " The enforced observance of a day held sacred by one of the sects, is a discrimination in favor of that sect, and a violation of the freedom of the others. . . . Considered as a municipal regulation, the legislature has no right to forbid or enjoin the lawful pursuit of a lawful occupation on one day of the week, any more than it can forbid it altogether."Š 9 California, 502. but for the purpose of curtailing them for the mere gratification of a class, which is contrary to the principles that should govern wise statesmanship. It is not the province of Congress either to restrict any natural right, or to create special privileges for any class. The principle was thus stated by Thomas Jefferson, June 7, 1816, in a letter to Francis W. Gilmer : Š Our legislators are not sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits of their power; that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from us. No man has a natural right to commit aggression on the equal rights of another; and this is all from which the laws ought to restrain him ; every man is tinder the natural duty of contributing to the necessities of the society; and this is all the laws should enforce on him; and, no man having a natural right to be the judge between himself and another, it is his natural duty to submit to the umpirage of an impartial third. When the laws have declared and enforced all this, they have fulfilled their functions, and the idea is quite unfounded, that on entering into society we give up any natural right. Will the Sixty-fourth Congress prove true to the principles so wisely and firmly established by the founders of our gov-ernment, and consistently adhered to in the past? C. P. E. SV }V. I HONOR the man who is ready to sink Half his present repute for the freedom to think, And when he has thought, be his cause strong or weak, Will risk tother half for the freedom to speak, Caring not for what vengeance the mob has in store, Let that mob be the upper ten thousand or lower. ŠJames Russell Lowell. Important Notice! To All Lovers of Liberty Please read carefully the "Petitions to Congress " on the opposite page and the last page. Fill in the blank spaces, start the list with your own name, and secure as many other sig-natures as possible. If there are not enough lines on these petition blanks for signatures, paste one or more sheets of white paper at the bottom, after cutting the petitions out of the magazine. Send petition S. 645 to one of the Senators from your State in Con-gress, the other two petitions send to one of your Representatives in the House. Address in either case in care of the Capitol, Washington, D. C. Remember this Extra can be secured at $1 per hundred and $8 per thou-sand copies. If you are in need of further information to assist you in prosecuting this work, address Editor Liberty Magazine, Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. The civil government has no more right to compel a man to surrender one seventh of his time to the state than it has to compel him to yield one tenth of his income. Both are divine requirements for the sake of sustaining religion and its worship, with which civil government can have nothing to do by right.Š EDITOR. 