LIB ER Ti' '15 of church and state Š that sooner or to the divine law, with no serious inten-later it would mean that. And he is too tion of making it effective, all we have just a man to use his official position for indicated would certainly follow the the accomplishment of a purpose utterly adoption of their proposed amendment. subversive of our free institutions. It might be that no one sect or denomi- With the Constitution so amended as nation would ever be made the state to declare Jesus Christ the Ruler of this church, but that would make no real dif-nation, and his will the fundamental law ference; the evil would be just as great of the land, as the National Reformers with a score of denominations federated demand, there would inevitably and nec-  for the domination of the government as essarily follow an authoritative defini-  with a single sect thus legally intrenched, tion of the meaning of the term " Ruler but watched and opposed by all the oth-of the nation," and a very definite state-  ers ; possibly it would be even worse. ment of his law, which would then be Three quarters of a century ago the superior even to the Constitution itself; United States Senate adopted a report of for by it the Constitution would neces-  its Committee on the Post Office and sarily be interpreted. Post Roads, in which the opinion was And inasmuch as secular judges and expressed that religious combinations to lawyers are not supposed to be espe-  effect political objects are always dan-cially skilled in interpreting and authori-  gerous; and the same is true today. Both tatively declaring the divine law, it would President and people should beware of follow necessarily that there would have the siren song of the National Reform-to be created a special court or tribunal ers, and they have no right to plow with skilled in such matters to declare au-  the chief magistrate of the nation, nor thoritatively the meaning of the law of would that official have the moral right, God. even if he had the desire so to do, to Unless the National Reformers desire give his influence as President to the ad-to secure from the nation a mere profes-  vancement of National Reformism. sion of loyalty to the divine Being and C. P. R. t'4 "Our National Religion Defined" UNDER this heading, in the Christian Statesman for August and September, 1916, Rev. R. C. Wylie said, in part : Š " What is our national religion? . . . It is not difficult to find out. Let us examine our authoritative documents, those that have a right to speak and which do speak on the sub-ject. A beginning may well be made with the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in the famous Trinity Church case rendered Feb. 29, 1892, the report of which is found in 143 United States Reports, pages 457-472.  After presenting a magnificent array of legal testimony bearing on the re-ligious character of our nation, the court reached this conclusion : These and many other matters which might be quoted, add a volume of unofficial declarations to the mass of organic utterances that this is a Christian nation.' Let it be carefully noted that this utterance is itself the pronouncement of the  highest court in the land. Let it be further noted that the 'court declared that there is a mass of organic utterances supported by a volume of unofficial declarations to this effect. The religion of this country therefore is un-doubtedly the Christian religion." Mr. Wylie quotes also from another decision, namely, Updegraph vs. the Commonwealth (1 r Penn. S. & R., 394, 400), in which it is declared that " Chris-tianity, general Christianity, is, and always has been, a part of the common law of Pennsylvania." This latter, however, is a begging of the question, " What is our national re-ligion ? " So far as the national Con-stitution is concerned, every State in the Union is free to have a State religion ; but even if every State had a State re- 