CHURCH AT ALEXANDRIA, VA., WHERE WASHINGTON ATTENDED LIBERTY  19 The Church's Need Greatest To-day A. G. DANIELLS " TAKE heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood." These words of the apostle Paul define who constitute the church of God. It is composed of all those in every nation who have by faith accepted Christ, b e en washed f rom their sins, and "purchased with His own blood." These believers [a r e "members o 1 His body, of His flesh, and of His bones." The true head of this mystic body is n o t some vicar on earth, but out divine Lo r d himself. He h the " head of t h e church," the  " Saviour of the body." From Him, the invisible Head come all the life and power which h a v e ever been man-ifested in His true church. To His body, the church militant, He has committed a mighty work. With His work on earth finished, and standing but a step from His Father's throne, He commissioned His church to go into all the world and teach every nation, kindred, and tongue. To the entire world, perishing in sin, they were to carry the everlasting gos-pel. How could this be done? With the  commission is the power.  " All power is given unto Me in heaven and in earth . . . and, lo, I am with you alway, even until the end of the world."  They had been eye witnesses of His power. They had seen Him heal the sick, and still with a word the stormy ele-ments. They had seen sin-stricken souls, whom Satan had chained to his chariot, delivered; and some who had passed under the dominion of death, come forth from the prison house of the enemy, clothed with the bloom of health and youthful vigor. And now He assures them that with all the power in the universe at His disposal, He will be with His struggling church till the end of time, as its di-v i n e Leader. Endowed with this heavenly commission the church began its work. They began at Jeru-salem, with a dead church, filled with big-oted Pharisees, Sadducees, and hypocrites, and trusting in life-less forms and ceremonies. But a mighty power was seen,  Super- stitions and tra-ditions of men were swept away. Priests and rulers were powerless to stay the on-ward march of the gospel. A very brief pe- riod after Pentecost they were forced to confess that Jeru.,alem was filled with the apostles' doctrine. The ram- parts of the enemy were stormed, and the strongholds of sin captured. The Roman Empire, the mightiest incarnation of power which had ever appeared on the earth, held sway over all the world. But this iron monarchy was powerless before the humble fishermen, who, clothed with divine power, and led by the One who commands the armies of heaven, " went forth and preached the word everywhere." 