LIBERTY 19 complishing of good for this nation, and for the world, than any other one act it has ever performed ; because that which has made this nation great is her stanch adherence to the principle of a total sep-aration of church and state, as voiced in the first amendment to the Constitution, which says:Š Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof. But should Congress eventually yield to this un-American and uncivil demand, it would produce a blighting influence upon-every State in the Union, and upon every country in the world, and thus lead the nations back to the Old World system of a union of church and state. It is in the providence of God that Congress has so long withstood the assaults of these Sunday-law enthusiasts. And may it be hoped that Congress will never yield to the appeals for legislation of this character ; that it may ever main-tain the noble position in this regard which it has held for the past century. The Johnston Sunday bill, now in the hands of the District Committee of the House of Representatives, is in char-acter the same as that which Congress has repeatedly refused to enact during the past century. This bill is claimed by its friends to be very innocent, because of the numerous exceptions it contains ; but notwithstanding these exceptions, it nevertheless contains the virus of relig-ious legislation; for any bill that dis-tinguishes between days, on religious grounds, regardless of how innocently it may be worded, con-tains the element that will open the way for other and more op-pressive legislation of the same character. Some argue that  as this law is for the District of Columbia only, it is therefore merely a local affair, which will give Washington a more orderly and quiet Sunday. This cer-tainly can not be the reason, for re-cently, when the secretary of the Lord's Day Alliance in the United States represented Washington as having a wide-open Sunday, it was quickly de-nied by some of Washington's most dis-tinguished pastors, who claimed that Sunday was observed better in Wash-ington than in any other city in the United States. If Sunday is well ob-served in Washington, as stated by these men of prominence, what can be the rea-son for such a frenzied clamor for Con-gress to enact a Sunday law for the District of Columbia? The reason for it has been plainly stated by one of the leading champions of Sunday legislation. He says, in substance, that to have Con-gress enact a Sunday law for the District of Columbia would commit Congress to Sunday legislation, and thus pave the way for the securing of a national Sun-day law, which would give effect to the State laws. From this reason, it is clearly evident that this dangerous propaganda is only the beginning of an extended program to be carried out in this country for the enactment of religious legislation that will result in religious intolerance and perse-cution. Against this we have been loudly warned by the history of other nations. As Richard M. Johnson further says, in the Sunday Mail Reports : "All religious despotism commences by combination and influence, and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of the country, the civil power soon bends under it, and The purpose of the gospel in the world is to set men free. All that a Sunday law can do for a transgressor is to lock him up. A Sunday law is demanded to shut off competition in trade; to enable a man to " keep the Sabbath " without losing any business; to be religious without costing him anything. But a religion which costs nothing is too cheap to be worth anything. Christianity costs something; the price of it is marked on the cross; and there has been no fall in the price since Calvary. 