48 LIBERTY LIBERTY fl Magazine of Religious Freedom Set for the Defense of the Rights of Conscience, and therefore opposed to a Union of Church and State in name or in fact WASHINGTON, D. C., FOURTH QUARTER, 1910 Subscription Price - 25 cents a year No Subscriptions accepted for less than one year Organ of the Religious Liberty Association Published Quarterly by REVIEW CI% HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. ASSOCIATE EDITORS Editorial Contributors: W. W. Prescott, W. A. Spicer, G. B. Thompson, A. J. S. Bourdeau, B. G. Wilkinson (Wash-ington, D. C.) ; L. A. Smith, C. P. Bollman, P. T. Magan, S. B. Horton (Tennessee) ; J. 0. Corliss, W. M. Healey (Cali-fornia); E. T. Russell, J. S. Wightman (Nebraska) ; C. S. Long-acre (Massachusetts) ; J. G. Lamson (Minnesota) ; W. T. Bartlett (England) ; Jean Vuilleumier (France): A. W. Ander-son (Australia) ; E. W. Thomann (Chile) ; E. F. Forga (Peru). Entered as second-class matte:', May :3o6, at the post- office at Washington, 1). C., undei the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. THE " religious liberty " that applies only to classes is not religious liberty, but class privilege only, and never should be dignified by any other title. IDLENESS is not rest, it is dry rot ; and when enforced by the state, the soil for the planting of all kinds of wickedness is being prepared and fructified at public expense. SAYS Joseph Lee, of Boston, president of the Playground Association of Amer-ica : " When, on top of long hours of ster-ilizing work, we impose this Sunday law to rob the mature worker and the grow-ing youth of this one day in which na-ture might have had her part in them, to make them strong and beautiful and happy, we have sinned against nature and the spirit of Sunday."Š The Playground, October, 1910. IN giving some history regarding the establishment of Catholicism in Canada, Mgr. J. S. M. Lynch, addressing a sec-tion of the Eucharistic Congress, said: " The sailors [from the vessel that brought over these first Catholic mis-sionaries] were very punctual in their at-tendance at Mass. It is worthy of note that it was made a penal offense to be absent from Mass." That is a very good reason why an ignorant sailor would be there ; but his attendance under such con-ditions is no testimony whatever as to his piety, any more than it was a testimony to the piety of the poor Indians of Mex-ico who attended religious services at the point of the bayonet, and went down upon their knees before the crucifix tinder the cruel lashings of a brutal sol-diery. Such things are no part of relig-ion, and they dishonor the name and cause of Christ. REV. GEORGE W. GRANNIS, secretary of the Lord's Day Alliance of America, reports that the results of the work of the Lord's Day Alliance during the past year have been " more marked than ever before." The Alliance now has auxil-iaries or affiliated organizations in twen-ty-six States of the Union, and the sec-retary reported encouraging results from the efforts of the organization to cause the various departments of the federal government to keep Sunday. He also reported general co-operation with fif-teen or more " sabbath and moral reform associations," as well as with the labor organizations of the country. The meth-ods employed by some labor unionists in accomplishing their purposes give us a little foregleam of the strenuous ways in which they will enforce their ideas of religion, and supervise the rights of the people, when they have become full-fledged coadjutors of the National Re-form Association. C. M. SNOW K. C. RUSSELL 1 W. A. COLCORD EDITOR 