LIBERTY  127 IN preaching at Laporte, Indiana, the night of August 10, Rev. John Timber said: " If a bolt of lightning should come from heaven, it would not find many of this congrega-tion preparedP " Hardly had he finished speaking," said a newspaper report of the occurrence, " when there was a flash. The tent was struck by lightning, and Henry Lenz, of Belvedere, Ill., and L. S. Huston, of Wisconsin, his brother evangelists, were instantly killed." If the men killed had been members of a Sunday boating or automobile party the occur-rence would have been heralded far and wide as a divine judgment for " Sabbath breaking." The lesson to be learned is that the ways of God are past finding out, and that we should not sit in judgment upon them. tV PI tV Mayflower Year iii)ECEMBER 21, 1920, will be the three hundredth anniversary of the landing of the Pilgrims on the bleak shores of Cape Cod. This year has been styled, therefore, " Mayflower Ye.a r." Under the heading, " A Thought for Mayflower Year," the 20th Century Quarterly says: " The New America will be free of some faults of the Old America, chief of which were slavery and the liquor traffic; but this May-flower Year is the fitting time to bring back the things in the Old America that drove out these faults and made ' America' a word of honor and hope in all the world Ñ daily Bible reading in home and school, and the Sabbath protected against greed, for rest and worship and altruism." It would be difficult to show that either slavery or the liquor traffic was driven out because of " daily Bible reading in home and school, and the Sabbath pro-tected against greed, for rest and worship and altruism." We are in favor of daily reading of the Bible, and we ourselves are practising it, but the abolition of slavery was not a distinctively religious movement, nor was the North more ardently religious when slavery was abolished than was the South. Indeed, the South is today, as it has long been, more religious than the North. Universalism, Unitarianism, and higher criticism have their American strong- holds, not in the South, but in the North. The Sunday laws of the South, with the single exception of Louisiana, are and always have been more rigid and more rigidly enforced than those in the North, and the practice of religious exercises in the public schools is more nearly univer-sal south of Mason and Dixon's line than north of it. The writer was reared in the North, but subsequently spent more than a score of years in the South, and knows whereof he affirms touching these things. While prohibition cannot be said to have originated in the South, that section finally led in the movement, not from religious conviction, but because of the civil necessity of keeping intoxicants as far away as possible from the large Ne-gro population. The editor of the 20th Century Quar-terly cannot be ignorant of the fact that the Puritans of New England were not opposed to slavery. They even sold into slavery in the West Indies men and wo-men of their own nationality, who chanced to differ from them in religious faith and practice. Cotton Mather him-self, prominent as a clergyman and writer, a Puritan of the Puritans, advo-cated waylaying " Wiliam Penn and his ungodly crew," making them captives and selling them into slavery in Bar-bados. If any Puritan ever discovered from the Bible that slavery and liquor drink-ing were wrong, the fact was not re-corded. It was many years after the death of the last Puritan before slavery was abolished in Puritan Massachusetts, and even then the climate probably had more to do with it than had religious convictions. When the abolition of slav-ery began to be seriously urged, nowhere outside of the slave States themselves was emancipation more bitterly opposed than in Boston. The fear was that it would affect adversely the trade of the city. Dr. Crafts claims too much for Puritan conviction, customs, and influence. B. 