30 LIBERTY fusal to fellowship him. Christ said : " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." If the followers of Jesus Christ had always imitated the example of their divine Pat-tern in their attitude toward sinners and unbelievers, such a thing as Christians' persecuting one another could never have been possible. But the history of the church is far different. In her golden censer she holds the precious lifeblood of millions of martyrs slain by her hands. Truth and conscience still have their Gethsemane and Calvary. L. OF !V !V THE Christian Statesman, in its No-vember issue, in commenting upon polit-ical conditions in one of our great Amer-ican cities, says: " Whatever the outcome, the situation calls attention to the deplorable condition of our city politics, and recalls the drastic remark of Dr. Josiah Strong in one of his books, that holding a municipal office in a large city al-most impeaches a man's character." Then follows in due course this sug-gestion by the Statesman: " When civil government, national, State, and municipal, is founded on the Word of God, and candidates are required to square with righteous public sentiment, then, and only then, will we have proper government." Does not the editor of the Statesman know, or knowing, does he ignore the fact, that some of the most corrupt gov-ernments and corrupt eras that have ever cursed the world and disgraced Chris-tianity have been governments and eras wherein civil rulers made the highest profession of serving God, and wherein the church and the state were the most closely united? If he does not know, let him read the records of the past, not for-getting the terrible abuses that incited the people of France to revolt against both church and state in the latter part of the eighteenth century, and let him give spe-cial study to the private lives and crimes and vices of that illustrious pair of " Christian " emperors, Constantine and Charlemagne. If it should be discovered that anything is lacking to make conditions utterly bad and utterly rotten in the particular city referred to by the Statesman, that lack would doubtless be supplied in short or-der by establishing a religious qualifica-tion for public office, for surely the sum of all villainies is found in a combination of the political rascal with the religious hypocrite. Human experience has dem-onstrated the truth of this proposition, and history records the evidence in lan-guage that cannot be misunderstood, and in letters large and clear enough so that even he who runs may read. B. After the War THE Sunday schools of all nations are planning to join forces after the war in order to give the world a moral and re-ligious reconstruction. The World Sun-day School Association has a member-ship of 35,000,000. A special committee, comprising representatives from all Christian countries, is " to prepare a world message and program for the moral and religious reconstruction of the world following the war." The object is to formulate a religious program that will unify religious belief and morals. and then to advocate legislation which will adequately " carry these plans into full effect." The National Federation of Religious Liberals held its eighth congress in Bos-ton, on November 25 and 26. It is affil-iated with eleven different religious bod-ies. Many of the leading clergymen and thinkers of the country are connected with this organization in an official ca-pacity. The object of this organization is just the reverse of those who are striv-ing to unify religious belief and urging a formulated program of religion upon the world. Its purpose is stated as fol-lows: " The central purpose of the National Fed-eration of Religious Liberals is to promote in the public Š and especially the religious Šmind the conviction that true and enduring religious fellowship cannot be brought about 