102 LIBERTY F " But alcohol is a curious thing. It is often as erratic in its manifestations as electricity. Its ordinary way of work is to degenerate its man, making for general organic degen-eracy, with progressive waning of the intel- lectual faculties. Now and then it has an-other way. Instead of slowly murdering its man, it attacks him furiously at intervals. Now and then, at an unforeseen moment, out of the blue a drinkstorm beats upon him and sweeps him away from his usual moorings. . . . The best man who drinks is never sure that crime may not get him; that when his moral discrimination is put to sleep by the drug, a strange new criminality may not start up in him. The chance is one in a hundred. If it be only one in a thousand, it is a bad chance to take, and it is on the edge of this peril that one finds the most awful and the most sad tragedies of life. One such adven-ture in life haunts me. The youth I loved most was an undergraduate at one of the English universities. Destiny had given him birth in a famous English familyŠnear the head of it. . . . Once, I remember, we had wandered far afield, debating the old Utopian idea, and a winter night shut down on us. We went into a little wayside inn for dinner and took what we could get. It was an ale-house and there was no wine to be had. And I remember his pathetic exclamation, " How can a gentleman dine without a half pint of claret? "' " Let me interrupt here to say that a few days ago a Senator who has every-thing the world can give to make life beautiful, useful, inspiring, and worth while, who has eloquence, genius, and charm, who has in him the making of a president, said in my hearing, ' What possible harm can come from a glass of sherry in the home ? ' And that Senator is going to vote againstŁ the amendment. He is going to vote to continue a traffic which will send millions of men and women to careers of crime and shame because personally he can see no harm in a glass of sherry in his palatial home. " But let us return to Vance Thomp-son and the story of his ill-fated friend. He continues: " ' Now, in the horoscope of this grave and gentle lad was the maddest night ever written by the stars. I did not witness it. I was not even in England, but what happened I know, and I know the end. He had been studying hard and late, and in the afternoon he rode out for an hour or so,Š those were the days when youth took its pleasure on a horse,Š and he came back and dressed to dine in town with some friends. There you have him at a. trifle before eight o'clock. He had never been drunk in his life; he was the half-pint-of-claret sort of man; the man who wets his pipe with a glass or two of whisky and soda; a clean-mannered man who had as soon think of drinking to excess as of rolling in the kennel like a dog. Where he went that eve-ning I do not know. The bolt from the blue struck him. At ten o'clock he was a drink-mad maniac, scouring the streets of the town with an American revolver Š Heaven knows where he got it, I have forgotten Š in his hand, and five minutes later he shot and killed a constable who expostulated with him in the kindly British way. They hanged that boy. In spite of the mighty weight of his family name, in spite of his dazed defense, in spite of the evident madness of that drinkstorm, they hanged him on a gallows. " I don't re-member anything about it," was all he could say. How could he? Science would have made clear today that he was in an alcoholic trance. When he went out to kill, the real man in him Šthe man I knew and loved, the dreamer of Utopia Š was deaf and blind. I do not care to write any more about this boy's life and death, only this: No man who plays with the lawless force of alcohol knows when or where the bolt from the blue will strike. No man knows. For inexorably as a triangle is embedded in a circle, there is hid-den in alcohol the swift potentiality of crime.' " Other disasters fol-low the presence of al-coholic poison in the brain tissues; quick-n es s E RY 