28 LIBERTY It was at this point that China " faced about " in her attitude to modern mis-sionary movement. It was not indeed by China's choice ; it was rather God's hand that swung open the door of gospel op-portunity to the millions of the Chinese world. It must not be thought that, once missionaries were free to enter China under treaty rights, no persecutions fell to the lot of the missionaries and their " It went badly with the chapels that we rented. They were often assailed; roofs were broken up, doors were bat-tered in, and furniture was carried off. There was nothing else to do but to keep at it. Driven out of one place, we be-took ourselves to another, according to instructions. But we did not leave the country as the literati desired, and we did not intend to. We wore them our, MONUMENT TO KING VICTOR EMMANUEL II OF ITALY, RECENTLY DEDICATED; COST, $20,000,000 converts. For decades Chinese pride and superstitions set themselves against the Christian faith with a fierce and deadly hatred. The following account is a faithful picture of how the missionaries fared in those days : " We were mobbed in the fu city, mobbed in the district cities, mobbed in the large towns. We got so used to being pelted with mud and gravel and bits of broken pottery that things seemed strange if we escaped the regular dose. . . . We went out from our homes bedewed with the tears and bene-dictions of dear ones, and we came back plastered over, metaphorically, speaking, with curses and objurgations from top to bottom. as an anvil sometimes wears out the hammer." This same spirit has repeatedly re-vealed itself in mob attacks and bitter opposition in nearly all the province,:, culminating in the Boxer uprising of 'goo, when one hundred eighty-eight Protestant missionaries and forty-four Romanists, and thousands of native con-verts laid down their lives. Nor is the national spirit of China more than merely tolerant to Christianity to this day, not-withstanding the fact that treaties be-tween China and all the Western powers guarantee the fullest liberty of conscience to both the missionary and the native convert in every province in the empire. 