98 LIBERTY The Sanhedrin at Jerusalem, composed largely of the most self-righteous of the Jews, was noted for its ability to determine to a scintilla the exact manner of proper Sabbath observance. They decided that it was a sin to heal a man on the Sabbath day. They con-demned the man, who, after lying on his bed helpless all his life, carried his bed on the Sabbath, after Christ bad healed him. They forbade walking through a field of ripened wheat on the Sabbath day, lest one's feet should thresh out a few grains and thus the law against threshing and seed sowing on the Sabbath be violated. The Jews had heaped over five hundred hair-splitting restrictions upon the one Sabbath com-mandment God had written in the decalogue. Christ ignored the human restrictions which these self-righteous Pharisees had imposed upon the people, and because of this they were of-fended and sought to kill him. He told them plainly that they had bound " heavy burdens and grievous to be borne," and laid them on men's shoulders, and they themselves were not  willing to touch the burdens with one of their fingers, and that they strained out the gnat and swallowed the camel. He further told them. " Full well ye reject the commandment of God, that ye may keep your own tradition, . . . mak-ing the word of God of none effect through your tradition, which ye have delivered." This is exactly what the courts of Virginia are doing in their zeal and anxiety to uphold the traditions of the fathers for proper Sunday observance. They think they are upholding the divine commandment of God, whereas God never commanded any man to observe Sunday for his Sabbath day. And then they condemn the man who observes the day which God com-manded, and transacts business on the six days which God gave to him for that purpose. It is just as easy today for men to be mistaken and believe that they are doing God service, as in the days of Christ. Christ said: " Yea, the time cometh, that who-soever killeth you will think that he doeth God service." " They have persecuted me, they will also persecute you." Carnal Weapons THE weapons of our warfare are not car-nal, but mighty through God to the pull-ing down of strongholds." God employs the language of common usage to convey spiritual truths. The soldier of the cross is armed with weapons. He is given the sword of the Spirit with which to conduct his warfare. This is to be used in the realm of the conscience, and not as a physical force. Coercion, or force, is outside the commission given to the church. The Author of the com-mission persuaded but did not force men. Frequently men in authority have forgotten this, and have used carnal weapons in an ef-fort to forward the cause of God. Their mo-tives may have been good, but their methods were wrong. Such efforts always lead to per-secution. The persecuted may hold erroneous ideas, but even then the work of the persecutor is always wrong. The Holy Spirit, using the word of God spoken by human lips, is God's means of accomplishing his work. Whenever a ruler or a nation attempts to enforce the worship of God, it, of course, im-poses a penalty upon those who will not bow to its dictates. This comes from a misconcep-tion of the motive in acceptable worship. King Nebuchadnezzar was led to acknowledge the supremacy of God. His desire had been overruled, and the Hebrew brethren delivered from the fiery furnace. This miracle so im- By W. F. Martin pressed the mind of the king that intellectually he was converted to the worship of the true God. Instead, however, of submitting himself to God, Nebuchadnezzar felt that he must take God and his worship under the protection of Babylon. Having this in view, the king made a decree that whosoever would not worship the God of the Hebrews should be destroyed. His was a parallel to the modern National Reform idea; Š the idea that religion must be enforced by the state. Nebuchadnezzar's idea was to en-force the true worship upon his people. In doing this he placed himself above God and dictated his worship. The Lord has never dele-gated any man or any kingdom to tell men and women how or where to worship. The Babylonian king went on in his chosen course until the God of heaven deposed him, and he was driven from his throne to dwell among the beasts of the field. This was to teach him that " the Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will." Dan. 4: 25. Nebuchadnezzar learned that " those that walk in pride " God " is able to abase." Men who set themselves up as standards and enforce their ideas of religion upon their fel-lows, will find that the God of heaven is jeal-ous of his prerogatives, and in his own good time will abase those who exalt themselves, 