124 LIBERTY If they [Sunday laws] were not religious laws, they would not apply to Sunday only. They are religious laws because they aim to compel the religious observance of a particular day. If they were not religious laws,Š if they were, in fact, such sanitary, social, and police regulations as the courts hold them to be,Š they would not specify one day in the week as holy; they would prohibit seven days of work.Š St. Louis Pot-Dispatch, Dec. 17, 1907. of Columbia as well as in the United States) are compelled by this measure to " properly " observe Sunday anyway, be-cause this day is selected for them by Congress, if the bill is enacted into law. We emphatically protest against such en-croachments upon the inalienable rights of man. We deny Congress the right to enforce the proper observance of any re-ligious institution, even though it may have divine sanction. Sunday Laws Manifestly Unconstitutional Sunday laws interfere with civil and religious liberty, and place the different religious sects on an inequality before the law of the land. The " proper observ-ance " of a religious institution is wor-ship. Therefore, if Congress should ever give legal recognition to Sunday or any religious institution and compel the " proper observance " thereof, it would commit an unconstitutional act, in viola-tion of the First Amendment : Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The plain and emphatic language of the Constitution limits the power of Congress Š" Con-gress shall make no law." By right, it cannot make any law either to sanction or to prohibit any function of religion or religious practice in harmony with decency. The Supreme Court of the United States has interpreted the mean-ing of this amendment by declaring that Congress has power to protect the free exercise of religion by appropriate legis- lation, but is powerless to regulate reli-gion, to sanction it, or to abridge its free-dom. The proposed Sunday bill for the Dis-trict of Columbia would regulate every man's religious conduct on Sunday, and the Sabbatarian's religious conduct for Saturday. We protest against this in-fringement on our God-given, inalien-able rights to worship or not to worship, to rest or not to rest, in harmony with the dictates of conscience. What Does " Worldly" Mean? This new Sunday measure proposes to prohibit any and all persons from labor-ing or pursuing " any trade or worldly business on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." What is un-derstood by " worldly business "? Upon what grounds can " worldly business," which is in itself decent and honorable, be prohibited on Sunday? We will let Chief Justice Lowrie of the supreme court of Pennsylvania answer these ques-tions in an opinion involving the Sunday law of that State. In Commonwealth vs. Nesbit, 34 Pa., 403, 409, after referring to the earlier legislation in colonial Penn-sylvania and to the English Act of 29 Charles II, chapter 7, after which the blue laws of Pennsylvania are modeled, as is also the Sunday bill now pending before Congress, Chief Justice Lowrie said, " Let us consider the statutory definition of what is forbidden. It is any worldly employment or business whatsoever.' What does this word ' worldly ' mean? There is not complete religious liberty where any one sect is favored by the state and given an advantage by law over other sects. Whatever establishes a distinction against one class or sect is, to the extent to which the distinction operates unfavorably, a persecution, and, if based on religious grounds, a religious persecution. The extent of the discrimination is not material to the principle. It is enough that it creates an inequality of right or privilege.Š Judge Thomas M. Cooley, in his Constitutional Lim-itations," fifth edition, 1883, in a chapter on religious liberty. 