LIBERTY 29 fresh baptism of divine power to enable them to grapple with the problems of the situation, they become dissatisfied with the state because she will not step out of her own legitimate sphere and undertake by her forceful mandates to secure that which the spiritually in-formed know full well can be accom-plished only by parental and churchly co-operation with the divine Spirit and plan. Let the church call a halt on her world-liness ; let fathers and mothers fly to  their closets and in strong cries and tears seek the place in the bosom of the Eter-nal from which prayerlessness and the neglect of Bible study have banished them. Then they will be treated to a new view of the situation. Then they will begin to understand that our tender, pitying Father has never ordained that to the cold, stern, business institution of the state should be committed the work of bringing up our precious children in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. Takoma Park, D. C. A Frank Admission C. E. HOLMES THERE is a large class of professed Christians, scattered through the various religious sects, who are bent upon forcing all persons to rest upon the first day of the week. If a unity of action in for-mally observing a set day of rest were a desirable and necessary thing, it in no wise proves that the end will justify the use of civil law in obtaining this unity. But the unlawfulness of coercing men into a uniformity of belief seems never to have seriously impressed the mind of such individuals. A majority of this class have banded together, and seem to have determined not to eat or drink in peace until every inhabitant of America has yielded to the enforced observance of a state-made sabbath. They are now seeking the enforcement of the Sunday laws which are already upon the statute-books, and attempting to secure the enactment of new and more rigorous ones. These religious organizations officially claim to desire only a civil rest day. The reason for their interest in a civil rest day is apparent: our government can not legitimately legislate in favor of any re-ligious institution. For this reason they disguise the religious character of their work in a non-religious verbiage. How-ever, their hope for a purely sacred day is continually being exposed by their en-thusiastic adherents. One of the frank- est admissions we have seen concerning the proposed designs of one of these alli-ances appeared in a lengthy article in the Sept. 8, 191o, issue of the Baptist Standard (Texas). The writer makes no effort to hide the intent to secure civil help for the preser-vation of the " sanctity of the Christian sabbath." Mr. R. C. Armstrong, the as-sistant secretary, boldly makes known the plans of the league he represents. We give some of his statements : Š " I desire to call attention to the design of the Sunday League of America. It is an interdenominational organization which stands for the Anglo-American sabbath. Among its officers are some of the leading ministers and laymen of the different churches. . . . This organization seeks to preserve the sabbath for every American citizen. It also has for its ob-ject the enforcement of the sabbath laws and the strengthening of these laws wherever it is possible. There is a sim-ilar organization, called the Lord's Day Alliance. These organizations are not rivals, but they are seeking the same end. " I received my appointment for the express purpose of securing an amend-ment to the Sunday law of our State [Texas], so as to eliminate Sunday hunt-ing, fishing, excursions, theatrical per-formances, baseball games, picture shows, and things of like character, and 