4 LIBERTY ligious organizations, to force upon the people a religious ordinance or prac-tise or sacrament, and compel its ob-servance under penalty ? And what means the introduction into the national Congress of a bill proposing to adopt " the decalogue and Jesus' rule as stand-ard measure for laws and regulations of the government of the United States "? To carry out the provisions of such a policy as that would make necessary a national church, would make religion a matter of civil control and direction, and put a premium upon formality and hy-pocrisy. That was the policy and the procedure under which the inhabitants of the colonies writhed in the early days. That is the regime dominant to some extent in all the countries of the Old World and South America and dominant to a cruelly oppressive extent in a large number of those countries, at the pres-ent time. The idea that in some way government and religion must be joined is responsible for these disastrous con-ditions. In every part of the world it has been demonstrated that religion is purest where the government has the least to do with it; and that where the union between the two is most complete, there religion is most formal and has the least power over the hearts and lives of those who profess it. The separation of re-ligion and state insures freedom in re-ligion. Where there is not true freedom in religion there is no true religion save that which maintains itself in spite of the law's condemnation, and goes to the stake or the prison rather than recant. It is no proper business of government thus to harass and oppress and dispose of its most conscientious citizens. May a study of these world conditions awaken in American hearts a higher ap-preciation of the provisions incorporated into our national government for insur-ing freedom of conscience in America. Signing the Document WHEN Patrick Henry was pleading with the members of the Philadelphia convention to sign the Declaration of In-dependence, a crisis had been reached in the history of the world as well as in the colonies of America. But the crisis to-day is as vital as when the eloquent words of the orator of the Revolution were ringing through Independence Hall. By signing that document, they estab-lished a nation and secured liberty for themselves and for their posterity. If to-day we repudiate the principles of that document and of the Constitution framed for the nation to which it gave birth, we insure the nation's disintegration, and fling to the winds the liberties of our-selves and of our children. The power-ful influences at work to-day against the principles of, those documents are a graver menace to the nation's prosperity and the people's liberties than were the soldiers of the king or any acts of Par-liament. As he pleaded for our fathers to sign the Declaration, so do we plead for our brothers to stand by the princi-ples contained in the two documents, and make them vibrant in their lives. The powerful cotnbinations in our day to effect religious ends by political means, to enforce by human laws the ordinances of the Most High, to favor some religious bodies at the expense of others, to penal-ize honest labor one seventh of the time, to punish one class of citizens for not worshiping as another class does, thus putting on a basis of inequality those whom the great Declaration declares equal,Š these constitute the menace to-day to our beloved nation and the dearest liberties of its people. " Sign, sign! " said Patrick Henry. Would we have signed had we been in that assembly? If so, shall we repudiate the principles now which they signed then, under the shadow of the gallows? If we would be loyal to those principles, we can not give 