LIBERTY 7 consideration. This is, no doubt, in part due to the fact that many pastorates do pay munificent salaries ; and, conse- quently, a temptation is held before the eyes of the young minister to receive the salary of his more fortunate brother pas-tor or abandon his pastorate and receive a larger salary in another calling. When a pastorate becomes a calling or a pro-fession, the quality of the preaching, the character of the preacher, and the charac-ter of the membership, are almost certain to enter into a condition of decadence, which will be noted in the character of the membership and the occupations of the members. The pastor who realizes that he has a message from heaven for a needy people will not leave a salary of twelve hundred dollars a year to go be-fore the footlights and amuse the public. To Boycott the King A DESPATCH from Madrid, of August 23, contained the statement that Cardinal Aguirre, archbishop of Toledo and primate of all Spain, has assumed the leadership of the Catholic agitation against the measures of the government. He has authorized the publication of his indorsement of Junea's plan, and has bestowed a special blessing and the bene-diction on those who protest against the course of the government. The despatch further states : Š It is reported that every aristocratic member of the king's household has de-cided to remain aloof from the court so long as Premier Canalejas remains in power. In this move that church is corrobora-ting the divine prophecy concerning her characteristics Š" the great city, which reigneth over the kings of the earth." Rev. 17: i8. There is no other power on earth that can go within the jurisdiction of a nation and carry on open warfare against the government, threaten its premier, and boycott its king, but that  ecclesiastical anomaly, that church-and-state power, known as the Papacy. That power alone claims the allegiance of the subjects of every king in the world, and, as a " domestic prince " in every nation, sways its votaries for or against the ruler as may please its purpose. It alone claims the homage of kings, and passes upon the legitimacy or illegitimacy of the sovereign's claim to rulership. Some of the nations of the Old World are tiring of her pretensions; but in -America her power, prestige, and influence are in the ascendency. Will this power, which re-gards it her sacred prerogative to dictate to kings and kingdoms, fear to dictate to presidents and republics? The evidence is strong that she not only does not fear to do so, but that she has already done so and is doing so now. A Great Truth in Queer Company IN connection with the celebration of the silver jubilee of St. Mary's Academy, at Leonardtown, Md., a principle was stated by Cardinal Gibbons which seems somewhat incongruous because of its as-sociations. Said the Cardinal : Š I want to see the relations between the clergy and the people spontaneous. I hope I shall never see the day when the clergy will be sustained by the govern-ment. This would mean that the gov-ernment could say what doctrines should be taught by the clergy. I want to see affection, devotion, and appreciation be-tween the clergy and the people. This expression of the cardinal is the more notable coming as it does from a representative of an organization which contends so strenuously in all parts of the world for the opposite principle. The relations between the clergy and the peo-ple ought to be spontaneous, as the car-dinal states. The government of the land has no business to support or maintain the ambassadors of the kingdom of heaven. The government of the land has no right whatever to say what doctrines 