LIBERTY 187 all? Not one man in a thousand who drinks at all confines himself to " less than two whiskies or three beers a day." The desired effect can be secured only by constantly increased doses of the stim-ulant. Like other stimulants, alcohol in any form demands more alcohol. The only safe plan is to let it alone. Some insurance companies are now treating total abstainers as preferred risks, giving them a lower rate than mod-erate drinkers. This is done because sta-tistics show that the total abstainer has much better chances of life than the man who drinks. The force of such facts cannot be broken by occasional stories of very old men who have been mod-erate drinkers all their lives. Such ex-ceptions only serve to prove the rule that even moderate drinking tends to shorten life. tv Convention of the American Federation of Patriotic Societies IT is now definitely stated that the national convention of the American Federation of Patriotic Societies will be held in Dayton, Ohio, September 16-18. It is said that upon special invitation of the management of the Panama Ex-position in San Francisco, it was orig-inally arranged to hold this convention in the main exposition auditorium, and it was so advertised. But later great op-position developed on the part of the Catholics, and the contract was canceled. It seems that the privilege withdrawn from the American Federation of Pa-triotic Societies has now been granted to the Catholics for a great show, the pro-ceeds of which are to be devoted to a home in San Francisco for the Jesuit fathers. In announcing the change the secretary of the federation remarks that " nothing could have happened to better illustrate Rome's political activities, co-ercive methods, and intolerant attitude toward free assembly and free speech, nor better calculated to prove the ne-cessity of this very convention." Personal Liberty ONE of the great breweries of the country is trying to stem the rising tide of prohibitory sentiment by illustrated advertisements in which the thought is emphasized that all advocates and de-fenders of religious liberty in colonial days were by the same token champions of that particular brand of " personal liberty " that puts the saloon keeper on a par with the grocer, and affords equal facilities to the devotee of the " flowing bowl " to buy beer and whisky for him-self as to any other man to procure the necessaries of life for his wife and children. But let it never be forgotten that per-sonal liberty can never mean personal license. Liberty is freedom to do the thing that is naturally right and proper. License is indulgence in doing that which is questionable, or at least, not engaged in by natural right. It always has been true that the liquor business imposes upon the community burdens that ought to be borne by in-dividuals. The husband and father drinks; therefore his wife and children are to a greater or less extent a charge upon the community. The saloon itself is a corrupting influence in politics ; it is therefore the enemy of " government of the people, by the people, and for the people." On her way to the guillotine, Madame Roland exclaimed, " Liberty ! Liberty ! how many crimes are committed in thy name ! " And so might the thousands of women and children who every year are made to suffer poverty and shame and death by the drink demon,Š all of them innocent victims,Š exclaim, " 0 Personal Liberty ! how many crimes are committed in thy name! " The worst enemy of liberty is the man who would make it a cloak for robbery and oppres-sion. Let us guarantee to our women and children the natural right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness by freeing them from the tyranny of the saloon and its defenders. C. P. B. 