LIBERTY 123 I believe legislation to enforce Sunday observance is not only detrimental to the best interests of society, but is an improper and unwarranted interference with the great Protestant right of private judgment in all matters pertaining to religion.ŠSir John S. Ewart, K. C. dollars and costs because she carried to her home in an apron seven apples which the owner of a neighboring orchard had given her permission to take. " Even if she did not steal the apples," said the judge, " she ought not to have been car-rying them on Sunday," and he piomptly imposed the fine and costs. A few weeks before this incident happened, the same justice " fined John Sepp, an ice dealer, for giving away on Sunday ice that was needed for a sick baby." Remember that this travesty upon justice was committed by an American court in the year 1915, and was the logical outcome of the oper-ation of a modern Sunday law which gave the court the authority to decide what constitutes proper Sunday observ-ance. An Exemption zor Sabbatarians No doubt the sponsors for the present bill (S. 5677) feel that they are very liberal in exempting Sabbatarians from the compulsory requirements to observe Sunday after they have observed some other day as holy time. Certainly their generosity should be appreciated, for some State Sunday laws make no such liberal provisions, and some States that have made these legislative exemptions for the Sabbatarians deny in practice the rights and immunities granted by these statutory provisions when Sabbatarians are on trial before the courts. These ex-emptions have been repealed and over-ridden repeatedly, and count for very little as a shield of protection and defense in actual practice. The same authority that assumes the right to grant these nat-ural rights to others, reserves the right to withdraw them at its own will and  pleasure. Unquestionably, the motives and desires of the authors of these ex-emption clauses for Sabbatarians are good and sincere, but other men do not carry them out in practice, which we can verify by citing facts in various cases of which we have knowledge. Our Reasons for Opposition Those who are opposing Sunday legis-lation for reasons personal to themselves, might thank Senator Jones for making an attempt to safeguard their religious rights by exempting them from the com-pulsory obligations of his proposed Sun-day law, on account of their observance of another day than Sunday. But we are opposed to compulsory Sunday legisla-tion, on the broad and fundamental basis that Congress is prohibited by the First Amendment to the Constitution from making any law whatsoever which would interfere with the free exercise of reli-gion. The fact that this bill attempts to exempt those who worship on another day than Sunday is conclusive evidence that this is religious legislation, because the exemption for the Sabbatarian is made for religious reasons. It attempts to establish a religious institution and to compel all citizens to observe it properly, and those whom it would exempt are compelled to observe the religious insti-tution of their own creed, whereas such observance was before voluntary. Thus this bill makes Congress the custodian of all divergent religious sects, attempts to regulate their religious conduct, and seeks to force each to do what heretofore was done from choice. But citizens who make no profession of religion (which class are in the majority in the District The position of coercion taken by so many of the Protestant clergy Š the position that although they are admittedly in a hopeless minority of all the people of these United States, they would compel all the rest of us to accept of their Sunday dogmas by recourse to law and other methods Šis a grievous departure from their old battle cry of civil and religious liberty.Š Rev. Thomas F. Cashman (Catholic). 