LIBERTY 5 such an enterprise would convert the very throne of God into a merchantable com-modity if it could but lay its hands upon it. Surely the play-writer went far enough when he rifled the inmost re-cesses of the human soul, that he might expose them to view for a price, with-out attempting to levy on heaven itself and heaven's message to fallen men, to turn that also into silver and gold, to canker and rust and to worship and die with. IN opposing state interference in re-ligious things, we are not antagonizing government nor belittling religion. Far from it. It is because we believe in them both that we oppose a union of the two, which will be ruinous to them both. It is because we believe in religion, and in man's obligation to his Maker, that we oppose the state's regulation of any por-tion of religion. It is because we believe in the Sabbath of God's appointment as a true religious institution, and believe its keeping to be a religious duty, that we are opposed to the control or perver-sion of that institution and the prescri-bing of that duty by a power that has no legitimate authority in such matters. THE Christian Register of Dec. 8, 1910, states this proposition : Š When a man, be he layman or minister, confesses that he can not do his work and succeed in it if he adopts the golden rule, or shapes his course according to the strict demands of fair play as between man and man, he confesses that, whether layman or minister, he is a weakling, not competent to play the part of a man. It is true. And is it not just as true that he who claims he can not keep a Sab-bath without a civil law compelling him to do so is " a weakling, not competent to play the part of " a full-grown Chris-tian ? The men of old " who through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought right-eousness, obtained promises, stopped the  mouths of lions, . . . from weakness were made strong," suffering " mockings and scourgings, yea, moreover, of bonds and imprisonments," were not men who could not do right unless others did. They not only did not need a human law to compel them to obey God, but they obeyed him when human laws pronounced on them the death penalty for doing so. Such men have a right to the name Christian ; but we can not say this of men who can not be religious without a human law to make them so ; who can not keep Sunday unless there be a civil statute enforcing that religious ordinance upon them ; who can not worship God in a church when they know their neighbor is working in his field. By enacting legislation to meet' the demands of such individuals, the state would not only not be fostering true re-ligion, but would actually be fostering a race of spiritual weaklings. The state has no business in religious things anyway ; and when it enters that field, it hinders mightily and helps none. The Sin of the Ages SAID Rev. J. H. Haslam, of Philadel- phia, in an address at the World's Con-ference on Christian Citizenship : Š The time has come for the whole church of God to move forward. Vast empires are awakened ; spontaneous changes are taking place in all the world, making a supreme opportunity for the Christian religion. The rising spiritual tide, if taken at its flood, will carry whole peoples out of the stagnation of heathen-ism. The present state of things is draw-ing to a close in many lands. Out of the shadow of the night the world seems just now moving into the light. It is day-break everywhere. True, it is the day of the church's op-portunity ; but what hope for good is there in the reflection that at such a mo-ment an organization is formed to carry to the world Š not the personal gospel of individual redemption, but that po- 