LIBERTY 29 monly known now as Sunday), then there is none in a private citizen's fol-lowing his otherwise lawful and peaceful occupation on the same day." Let it be remembered that these strong arguments were put forward by the Sev-enth-day Baptists fifty-six years ago, and indorsed by Seventh-day Adventists of that year Š 1854 Š as their views upon this question, being published at that time in their authorized denominational church paper. These arguments are the same now as then. And there can be no just charge made against this people for inconsisten-cies, in protesting against the passage of Sunday laws for the District of Columbia at the present time. This forcible protest made by Seventh-day Baptists in 1854 applies with equal, if not greater, force against the abridgment of constitutional rights, violated by the passage of dan-gerous and wicked religious measures of to-day. Why was this government so aroused recently because of an outrage against only two of her citizens in Central America? Why send the navy there to see that redress was had for any wrong involving simply two American citizens ? Here is an example where the authority of the government was used to protect the interests of only two Americans..  This is the proper exercise of civil power Š protecting the rights of the few. But how can justice hold up its head in thus using the civil arm to protect the civil interests of two humble citizens, in one instance, and overriding the con-sciences of thousands of other loyal, law- abiding citizens by enacting religious laws, wholly outside the,purview of legis- lative bodies, that can not fail to trample into the dust the rights guaranteed by the Word of God and the Constitution to these citizens of this great common- wealth? If it is a crime for a man to plow in his field on Sunday, it is an equal crime for a postmaster to open a govern- ment post-office door on Sunday and sort a pouch of mail. If it is a crime for one citizen to engage in an open-air ex-ercise, such as a game of baseball, on  Sunday, it is equally a crime for a large incorporated concern to publish and cir-culate an issue of its daily paper on Sun-day. One is as much an act of charity and necessity as the other. If the courts are to be used in unlawfully deciding which of the two offenses shall be punish-able by fines and imprisonments, by what law of common justice can one offender be punished and the other be allowed to go free? Why forever brand the one a criminal, and pass the other as a good citizen ? These are questions that must appeal to every honest-hearted citizen when once this government enters the wicked do-main of prescribing by law the religious belief and practises of its citizens Š a task which neither God nor the constitu-tion of these free States has ever imposed upon them. Washington, D. C. A Controversy of Principles, Not Parties W.' A. SPICER THE use of force in the propagation of religion or in the suppression of conscien-tious convictions is as old as sin. Abel stood for the way of faith and a divine religion, and the word and commands of God were the basis of his appeal. Cain was also religious, but he stood for the way of the flesh, and a human religion, backed by physical force. The two principles have been in controversy ever since. It is of no use for the Protestant con-troversialist to point to the history of Roman persecution unless he is prepared to repudiate the princip'les responsible for the cruel history. It is of no avail to the Catholic to retort by pointing to the in-stances in which professing Protestants have achieved like infamies in persecu-tion, unless he also is prepared to repu-diate the wrong principle. The trouble is not with parties, but with principles. Those who seek the power of the kingdoms of this world to 