24 LIBERTY trade which would be likely to oppose the bill. Works of necessity were made to include sports, theaters, and amusements, ice cream parlors, parks, bathhouses, libraries, museums or art galleries, sale and delivery of daily news-papers and magazines," as well as work in preparing the Sunday or Monday morning editions of dailies. Prize fights, baseball games, and races were made lawful on Sunday, but corn hoeing, potato planting, and irrigating, except where the flow of water was not continuous, were penalized. The man who sold a pint of milk or a loaf of bread from a store," was made a criminal, subject to a $200 fine and imprisonment for thirty days in the county jail, or both fine and imprisonment on second offense. But the bill made it perfectly legitimate for others to sell and deliver milk on Sunday. It made it a crime for a grocer to sell a pound of crackers or for a baker to sell a loaf of bread on Sunday, but lawful for ice cream parlors to remain open all day, serving ice cream and cake, soda water, candy, etc. To keep open or to operate a bakehouse on Sunday for profit was made an offense against pub-lic morals, but setting sponges in bakeries was commendable. This bill was an attempt to establish religion by law. It made criminal on Sunday what it was lawful to do on other days of the week, thus showing that it was trying to establish the sacredness of the day, rather than the wrongfulness of the act. Most laws protect society. This one protected Sunday. Why should not the state, rather, protect its citizens in the right to rest and labor on any and all days of the week? What right has the state to make honest labor a crime ? The religious nature of the bill was shown also in its exemption from the pro-visions of two sections for the individual belonging to a religious society which observes some other day than Sunday as its day of worship, and who actually keeps his place of business or occupa-tion closed and does not work for gain or wages upon said day of worship." It can readily be seen that this places the burden of proof upon the defendant. The accused must prove to the satisfac-tion of the court that he is a member of a society meeting these specifications, and that he punctiliously observes an-other day of the week than Sunday. Sup-pose he is a Seventh-day Adventist or a Seventh-day Baptist physician, and in cases of emergency is called on Saturday to administer to the sick. The law makes no exceptions for him. He must give up his practice on the seventh day, and ob-serve the clay with rigor, else the law of Sunday rest applies to him as to others. Yet the physician belonging to the Meth-odist, Presbyterian, or Congregational Church would be exempt from all blame for work he performed on Sunday. Furthermore, the bill would have forced the courts to decide what constitutes church membership, whether a man is a member as soon as he is baptized by the minister of a certain church, or whether it must be by vote of the church body. If he is a member as soon as baptized, is sprinkling sufficient to make him a mem-ber, or must he be immersed ? It is easy to see how cases involving this question might be carried into the courts. If we open the floodgates to a religious law, it is likely to overflow all bounds. Also, it might lead to the establishment of a department in the Hall of Records for the registry of all seventh-day church members. This certainly would be un-just to one denomination, unless all were obliged to furnish a like registry. As far as Seventh-day Adventists are concerned, the exemption clause would not have helped them much, in view of another section which provided that the word Sunday in the bill " means a period of time which begins at twelve o'clock on Saturday night," and that " the word day means twenty-four consecutive hours." Seventh-day Adventists are ac-customed to observe the seventh day of the week, or Saturday, according to the Bible reckoning of time, from sunset to sunset. But the bill said Sunday begins at midnight Saturday night. Then Sat- 