LIBERTY  43 ability in securing from Congress the passage of a joint resolution that will open the way for such an amendment of the national Constitution as will estab-lish the nation-wide prohibition of the liquor traffic. Soon after this mass con-vention adjourned, these legislators in-troduced in their respective bodies si-multaneously a joint resolution, the text of which will be found on another page. The Senate resolution is No. 88, and that of the House is No. 168. In the evening a monster mass-meet-ing was held in the D. A. R. Continental Hall, where speeches were made by Howard H. Russell, of Ohio, the founder of the Anti-Saloon League; Dr. Edwin C. Dinwiddie, of Washington, legislative superintendent ; John G. Woolley ; Sam-uel Small ; Congressman Kelly, of Penn-sylvania; Senator Borah, of Idaho; John Stuart, of Tennessee ; Purley A. Baker ; Dr. Howard ; and others. The spirit permeating this entire occa-sion indicated that there is an urgent demand for the writing of a new decla-ration of independence Ñ freedom from King Alcohol. This mass convention at the Capitol was photographed by the Washington Photo Company. A repro-duction of the photo will be found in this number of LIBERTY, on pages 24, 25. Effects of Cigarette Smoking on the Body EDWARD QUINN, JR. EXPERIENCE truly is the best teacher, and the writer's experience has given him ample opportunity to observe the insidious effects of cigarette smoking. A boy who has used cigarettes for any length of time, especially one who in-hales the smoke into the lungs,Ñ and most of them do,Ñ can usually be identi-fied by his lack of physical and mental development. Boys cannot use cigarettes and develop normally. The heart, the brain, and the nervous system are most seriously af-fected by the tobacco poison. The evil effects of this habit on the heart can be understood when one reads that " out of 11,896 men who applied for enlistment in the English army, only 3,078 passed the required physical ex-amination. The majority rejected were suffering from heart-disease resulting from the use of tobacco. In 1902 sixty-seven young men, ap-parently in the best of health, appeared for examination to enter the medical department of the United States army. To their surprise forty-three were re-jected on account of tobacco-heart. The testimony of many directors of college gymnasiums could also be given, but the above will suffice to show the injurious action of tobacco on the heart. Luther Burbank, the great plant ex-pert, says: Ñ " To assist me in my work of budding, work that is as accurate and exacting as watchmaking, I have a force of some twenty men. I discharge men from this force at the first show of incompetency. Some time ago my foreman asked me if I took pains to inquire into the per-sonal habits of my men. On being an-swered in the negative, he surprised me by saying that the men I found unable to do the delicate work of budding in-variably turned out to be smokers and drinkers. Even men who smoke one cigar a day I cannot trust with some of my delicate work. Cigarettes are even more damaging than cigars, and their use by boys is little short of criminal." A cigarette smoker is unfitted to do good mental work, proving the detri-mental effect of nicotin on the brain. I know men, users of the cigarette, who were unable to memorize simple quota-tions. A head nurse in the Minnesota Hospital for the Insane, recently re-marked : " It is astonishing the number of women who come to us who have be-come insane from smoking cigarettes." In another asylum three clergymen called incessantly for this poison, which had dethroned their reason. Think of it ! Men who once had fine intellects, men who had proclaimed the liberty of 