A DECEMBER SCENE IN THE CAPITOL GROUNDS 18 LIBERTY however, and business was continued un-til 4: 3o the next morning. A similar move was made by another Congressman, March 26, 1836. At mid-night " Mr. Lawler raised a point of or-der, that it was not lawful to continue the sessions of the House after twelve o'clock on Saturday night,  of mail on Sunday, as it was termed a desecration of the Christian sabbath. Pe-titions and memorials came in from all parts of the country, protesting to Con-gress against this terrible sin ! However, Congress did not feel compelled to act upon such a question, and the propa- so as to break in upon the sabbath." (See " Debates in Congress," March 26, 1836.) The House refused to discontinue its ses-sion. Since that time both houses of Congress have re-peatedly remained in session on Sunday. As stated by Sena-tor Bacon : " There is nothing in the law which denies to Congress the right to sit on Sunday, and I have myself fre-quently seen Congress sit on Sunday."Š Con-gressional Record, Dec. r, 1913. There should be nothing in the law forbidding any one to labor on Sunday if he wishes to do so in a way consistent with the rights of others. And surely the people who send a Congressman to Washington have as much right to work on Sunday as has Congress. Further-more, no legislator is empowered by the people to set up a standard of morals for them. Again: the Constitution, which each swears to uphold, forbids his even attempting such a thing. Congress Against Sunday Legislation A strong and concerted movement was inaugurated in 1829 to stop the carrying  ganda was checked by one well-directed stroke. How this was accomplished, was told by a member of the House a few years later, and was recorded in the Congressional Globe for Dec. 18, 1835, page 29: " The opponents of a Sunday mail petitioned Congress; their memorials were rejected, be-cause their object was unreasonable; they per-sisted, and their numbers increased; the House of Representatives finally referred all these 