LIBERTY 119 The true doctrine of Christian liberty is not our right to think for ourselves, but the right of the other man to think for himself. There is no danger now that our rights will not be insisted upon and enforced, particularly if our thinking happens to fall with that of the majority. It is the other man's liberty that is in danger, espe-cially if he happens to be in the minority. It is his liberty that demands defense at all hazards; for if liberty is denied him, how long will it be conceded to us? Š New York Examiner. be accepted, and then in a proper way to state the reasons why other systems of faith are wrong, he is certainly hindered in the free exercise of his religion. What is a Recognized Religion? The Gallivan bill proposes " to exclude from the mails those publications the avowed and deliberate purpose of which is to attack a recognized religion held by the citizens of the United States or any religious order to which citizens of the United States belong." Pray, how shall we identify a recognized religion? This would be easily done in a state having a state church, but what is a recognized religion in a country where church and state are professedly separate? What government official would be qualified to say what religions were recognized. Many Freak Isms In these days there are springing up so many freak isms which claim to be religious that the Postmaster-General would need to establish a bureau of re-ligions to examine and grant recognition to those isms which were religious. But how could a religion be recognized by a government official without violating that principle of the Constitution, embodied in the First Amendment, against the estab-lishment of religion in this country? Bills Would Prove a Plague It seems unlikely that any church would be willing to give bond to say or publish nothing that could be understood as an attack against any other church or religion. There is scarcely a church pa-per which would not be thrown out of  the mails if this bill should become law and be strictly enforced. Though Roman Catholics have advo-cated the passage of a press censorship bill, yet some of their number recognize that such a law might prove a plague to them. We quote from the Continent of March 15, 1916, which credits the editor of the Catholic Citizen with the following statement : Š " The prosecution of the Menace, instituted by federal officials (doubtless stimulated to action by Catholic complaints), has failed; just as the Fitzgerald and Gallivan bills [of last year], shutting the Menace out of the mails, failed to emerge from committee in Congress. We have been strongly of the opin-ion that these schemes of legislation are un-wise; that if enacted into laws, they would remain to plague after the present acute nui-sance or provocative cause had long ceased to exist." Need for Action Let every true American, recognizing the critical time in which we are living, be firm in his determination that the pro-visions of the Constitution against the abridgment of the freedom of speech and of the press shall be maintained at all hazards. Let us not weakly surrender the liberties for which our fathers fought and died. Every patriot should inform his Congressman that, notwithstanding the threat made by the Catholic press that should he fail to vote for these bills he would lose the Roman Catholic vote, the great body of American citizens are still loyal to the principles of the Con-stitution, and demand that their repre-sentatives in Congress uphold the funda-mental principles of liberty. The American Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several States, with-held from the federal government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul; and not from indifference, but that the infinite Spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity and power.Š George Bancroft. 