(9 11 urns & k.wing JUSTICE BREWER 32 LIBERTY spiritual despotism and intolerance which led to the establishment of the tribunals of the Inquisition. Like causes always produce like effects. The enactment of a Sunday law in the fourth cen-tury paved the way for an entire union of church and state, which resulted in all the horrors and persecutions of the Dark Ages. Unless similar tendencies in the United States  are checked, we will repeat the history of the past. The same seed will produce the same fruitage. Every lover of civil and religious liberty should raise his voice and pen in protes-tation against all religious measures in our legislative halls. The first step in the wrong direction is dangerous, as it may precipitate the last Š over the precipice at the end of the trail. What is Involved JAMES S. MARTIN, general superintendent By C. P. of the National Re-form Association, had an article in the January number of the Christian Statesman restating the aims of the association and telling some-thing of its work. Among other things, Mr. Martin declares that the association of which he is superin-tendent Š " stands unswervingly for . . . the proper ob-servance of the Lord's day; the use of the Bible and training in Christian morality in our public schools; all our Christian usages, customs, laws, and institutions, including Christian acknowledgments in State constitu-tions, decisions of the courts of our country to the effect that Christianity is part of the com-mon law of the land and the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in 1892, This is a Christian nation.' " Aims thoroughly to Chris-tianize the nation and have it, as a nation, accept Christ as its King, and so change its fundamental law as to at once fittingly express its Christian character and legally safe-guard our national Chris-tianity." Let us examine this a little and see just what is involved in this National Reform pro-gram. We are not in doubt as to what Mr. Martin means by " the proper observance of the Lord's day," his name for Sunday. He does not con-template a better private ob-servance of the day, but more drastic laws compelling its public observance and a more rigid enforcement of the statutes already in existence; so his " proper observance of the Lord's Day " is to be secured by a more vigor-ous use of the policeman's club. " The decision of the Supreme Court of the United States " to which Mr. Martin refers, was not technically decision at all, but dictum. It is true that in deciding Batman the point at issue, namely, the scope and meaning of the United States contract labor law, Justice Brewer used the expression, " This is a Christian nation," but there is nothing to indicate that the learned ;..-`,ice meant more than this, namely, that in a general sense, as contrasted with Jewish, Mohammedan, or pagan peoples, this is a Christian nation, or in other words, a nation of Christians, and that, therefore, the court must assume that Congress had no pur-pose to enact any legislation hostile to Chris-tianity. The intent of " the lawmaker is the law." Therefore, in construing a statute it is fre-quently the ease that a court inquires into not only its wording, but the circumstances under which it was enacted, the agitation that led up to its adoption, and the history of those by and for whom it was tnade. In the Trinity Church case, referred to by Mr. Martin, it was seriously in-sisted that the bringing of a minister from London to New York under contract to serve as pastor of Trinity Church, was a violation of the contract labor law. The court of last resort decided that it was not a violation of the law, and in handing down the decision Justice Brewer not unreasonably urged that the history and traditions of the American people were against the view that the Congress had any intention to enact any law in any degree hostile to Christianity, or that would in any way interfere with the free action of a church in securing a pastor where and how they would. It is true that Justice Brewer might have arrived at the same conclusion by way of the words of the First Amendment Š" Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or pro- 