94 LIBERTY LIBERTY if Magazine of Religious Freedon. Set for the Defense of the Rights of Conscience, ana therefore opposed to a Union of Church and State in name or in fact Washington, D. C., Second Quarter, 1912 Subscription Price - 25 cents a year No Subscription accepted for less than one year Organ of the Religious Liberty Association Published Quarterly by REVIEW 21 HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. CHARLES M. SNOW WILLIAM W. PRESCOTT K. CARSON RUSSELL SANFORD B. HORTON EDITORIAL Cownustross: W. A. Spicer, G. B. Thompson, A. J. S. Bourdeau, B. G. Wilkinson (Washington, D. C.); L. A. Smith, C. P. Bollman, P. T. Magan (Tennessee); J. 0. Corliss, W. M. Healey (California); E. T. Russell (Nebraska); C. S. Longacre (Massachusetts); W. T. Bartlett (England); Guy Dail ( Germany) ; Jean Vuilleumier ( Canada ) ; L P. Tieche (France); W. G. Bond (Spain); C. E. Rentfro (Portugal); A. W. Anderson (Australia); E. W. Thomann (Chile); E. F. Forga (Peru). Entered as second-class tn,tter, May I, 1906, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the Act of Congress of March 3, 1879. MR. J. F. OLMSTED, religious liberty secretary of Ohio, writes : " They are killing one Sunday measure after an-other in the Constitutional Convention, until it looks as if the delegates do not feel inclined to meddle with this sub-ject." THIS journal stands for the funda-mental principles of the American gov-ernment and for the fundamentals of the Christian religion. Its mission is to ad-vocate those principles and to sound a warning wherever and whenever actions are taken which contravene those prin-ciples. We believe no one can read even a fair portion of this issue without agree-ing with us that mighty movements are on foot in this country whose aims run counter to the principles of the gospel and counter to the basic principles of the American government. Every lover of  individual liberty and of freedom of worship in this country ought to stand with us in this campaign. You who are with us can demonstrate that fact and help to enlighten neighbors and friends in reference to these matters by sub-scribing for a number of copies of LIBERTY. Do you know that for only $1.50 you can have ten copies of LIB-ERTY coming to your address for one year, which you can use in this all-im-portant work; or you can have ten copies for a year sent to as many dif-ferent addresses? Many of your neigh-bors would pay for the journal them-selves if brought to their attention. You speak the word, secure the subsciiption, and then let LIBERTY talk to your neigh-bor for a whole year. Many persons are making good wages by acting as sales agents for this magazine. You are in-terested in these matters and so are many of your friends and neighbors. Give them an opportunity to range themselves upon the right side of these questions. A little personal effort only is required, but the result no man can measure. Let every subscriber determine that he will do what he can. If all will do this, the magazine LIBERTY will be carrying its message into a million American homes before the beginning of another year. !if tV MR. K. C. RUSSELL, associate editor of this magazine, on his return from a religious liberty institute at Los Angeles, Cal., stopped at Columbus, Ohio, to at-tend a hearing before a committee of the Ohio State Constitutional Convention on the question of enforced Sunday observ-ance. Just before the hour set for the hearing the chairman of the committee announced that, owing to the State-wide opposition to the proposal, there would be no hearing. Protests and memorials against any such measure had been sent in to the committee from all parts of the State. EDITOR - ASSOCIATE EDITORS 