40  LIBERTY rivers, and see how nicely nature has designed the tracery of the republic's waterways. In short, ponder over the incomparable position of this America of yours Ñ this home and country of yours Ñ on the surface of the globe. When you think of it, not only will your mind be uplifted in pride, but you will sink to your knees in prayerful gratitude that the Father has given you such a land with such opportunities for your earthly habitation." As to extent of territory and subjects, we might contrast the Roman empire with the United States. It is said that all the square miles of Roman territory could be set down in the middle of the United States, and then a day's journey on either hand would be necessary to reach the boundaries. It now appears that there are more inhabitants in this country than were to be found in all the world in the palmiest days of Rome. The New York World says : " Accord-ing to Mulhall, the total population of the earth in the days of Augustus Caesar did not exceed fifty-four million ; " so that in this country there are twenty-five million more people than the Roman empire contained when the empire of the Caesars was at its greatest. Time would fail us to tell of this na-tion's unparalleled development in all the arts and sciences of these modern times, which have had their influence upon the nations. These are seen in their adopting improved methods in ag-ricultural pursuits, in increased educa-tional facilities ; in the improved methods of rapid locomotion from place to place, in the transmission of intelligence from point to point, etc. This nation has used her good offices in averting threatened conflicts in and between other nations. One of the bloodiest wars of modern times was brought to an end through the efforts of Theodore Roosevelt, the president of the United States, who served as peace arbitrator between Russia and Japan. Similar acts have given this nation a, great influence with all other nations. The principle, however, that lies at the foundation of this nation's prosperity and greatness is that of religious liberty. It was this element in the national exist-ence that appealed to the oppressed of other nations, and as the result, they fled to these shores in pursuit of freedom, with all of its attendant blessings. These heaven-born principles are voiced in the first amendment to the United States Constitution, which says : " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof ; " also in the following from the Declaration of  Independence: " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." This nation is the only one that was ever founded upon the principles enunciated by Jesus Christ, in the immortal declara-tion, " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." The practical application of these prin-ciples during this nation's history has stood forth in bold relief as an object-lesson to all other nations. The influ-ence which these principles have pro-duced has been seen in acts of toleration by other nations, and, in some instances, in granting religious liberty to the sub-jects. Russia is one of the most recent examples of this fact. It will appear evident to the reader that the more far-reaching for good the influence that a nation exerts, the greater the influence would be for evil, should that nation disregard or repudiate the principles of right for which it pre-viously stood. It is a lamentable fact that during recent years this nation has exerted an influence upon other nations the very reverse of that which it formerly exerted. This has been seen chiefly in its attitude on the question of Sunday legislation. In an address by the Bishop of London, reported in the London Ex-press of June 12, statements were made 