L E le 1.  Y 51 among all nations and their inheritance taken from them, it would seem prepos-terous to conceive that the Lord would restore them to his favor with former privileges and blessings while they still maintain the same stubborn rebellion against the Son of God and are farther away from God, his commandments, and his Word than they were nineteen hun-dred years ago. What the Prophets Predicted Ezekiel prophesied of the overthrow and subjugation of Israel's and Judah's thrones and crowns, and that they were never to have independent kings again. Thirteen years after Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, had taken the peo-ple of Judah and their king captives to Babylon, Ezekiel said to the " pro-fane wicked prince of Israel : " " Thus saith the Lord God : Remove the dia-dem, and take off the crown : this shall not be the same : exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high. I will over-turn, overturn, overturn, it : and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him." Eze. 21 : 25-27. Here is a clear-cut statement given by the Lord of heaven to Ezekiel, that Israel would never en-joy the same absolute independence after the Babylonian captivity as. be-fore; that the throne of David would be overturned three times more, and after that it was to " be  no more, until He come whose right it is," and God would " give it him." No doubt the angel Gabriel had reference to the fulfilment of this prophecy when he said to Mary : " Thou shalt . . . bring forth a son, and shalt call his name JESUS. He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the High-est: and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David: and he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end." Luke 1: 31-33. The three additional overturnings fore-told by Ezekiel took place when the Persian, Grecian, and Roman monarch-ies in turn subjugated the world, and in-cidentally the Jews, to themselves. But after the third overthrow, by the Ro-mans, the Davidic kingdom Š the king-dom and throne of David Š was to " be no more, until He come whose right it is ; " and God said, " I will give it him." The Romans were the first to completely abolish the Jewish state and scatter the 0 Press Illustrating Service, N. Y. A MEMBER OF THE BRITISH WATER TRAIN 