110 LIBERTY This whole affair would naturally ap-peal to the humorous side of a man's na-ture, if it were not so sacrilegious and such a defiant attempt on the part of liquor dealers to evade the law. They deliberately break the law for no other purpose than pecuniary gain, and then raise the cry, " Prohibition does not pro-hibit." When the liquor dealers resort to such unseemly and revolting methods in order to ship liquor into a dry State from a wet State, it is quite apparent that  traffic makes business lively for the un-dertakers. The undertaker in this par-ticular case no doubt thought there was better pay burying the whisky bottles for the liquor dealers than there was in bury-ing the finished product of the liquor traffic. In view of the fact that eighteen States have already gone dry, and that the others are likely to follow soon, we think it a very opportune time for giving King Alcohol a fitting burial, and we would suggest that they bury him face \ DAY _11' BUCKLNG11AM PALACE The royal palace an emergency hospital. they are not doing a very extensive busi-ness in that particular dry State. These incidents are looked upon by the temper-ance forces as very forceful indications that the liquor traffic is in desperate straits. This is the best proof that can be produced that prohibition does pro-hibit in West Virginia. When the liquor traffic men call the undertaker into req-uisition, it seems rather prophetic and suggestive of the day of doom for the liq-uor business. Ł After all, it does not seem very strange for the liquor dealers to call upon the un-dertakers to assist them in their nefarious work, as the finished product of their  downward, so that if he should ever be resuscitated and attempt to dig his way out, he would but dig his grave deeper and deeper. We do not want to appear irreverent in our comments upon this incident, yet we are inclined to think that King Al-cohol, who has brought poverty, misery, and premature death to millions of Ł homes, does not deserve much of a pan-egyric pronounced at his funeral. The divine pronouncement against the liquor traffic is stated thus : " Woe unto him that giveth his neighbor drink, that put-test thy bottle to him, and makest him drunken." Hab. 2: 15. c. s. L. 