PROF. S. F. B. MORSE " We say, and say firm-ly, to the [papal] bishops and priests among us, . . . Come out and de-clare your opinion on the liberty of the press, on liberty of conscience, and liberty of opinion. . . . It is the world . . . that cries to us in the agony of its struggle against despotism. The world ex-pects America, republican America, to do her duty." Š" Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States," New York, 1836 34 LIBERTY knights, it might surprise you to learn that this is the pabulum given to your own daughters. I don't say that it is, but form a committee, wake up; take an interest in these things. Find out if this is what is being taught in the high school and the normal school of your own city." (Ap-plause.) The spirit of knighthood was not dead in that council. The subject was investigated. The book I had quoted from was the text-book of the class, and, after much discus-sion, it was removed from the curriculum of the school. Another history of education was rec-ommended by the Truth Society, which, while not free from serious errors, was not permeated with anti-Catholic virus. Sub-sequent negotiations led to a meeting with the author of this work, a gentleman and a scholar. We pointed out in his text fourteen distinct misrep-resentations and misstatements of things Catholic, and we gave the names of Catholic books that were classic in these sub-jects. He accepted the correc-tions, and added: " Father, I was perfectly honest in writing that work. I spend my life in the public library here, and not one of the [Catholic] books you have mentioned have I ever come across." Rome's Boast of Victory In explaining how it came about that " Myers' Medieval and Modern History " was revised, Peter C. Yorke, a Catholic priest and editor of the Leader, San Francisco, Cal., throws an interesting side-light on the subject in his editorial dated March 28, 1908. Under the caption " Congratulations," he wel-comes " the appointment of the Rev. Philip O'Ryan to the pastorate of the Star of the Sea church, San Fran-cisco." He sets forth the situation thus : Š Educated at Thurles, he took the usual two years' post-grad-uate course at the Catholic University, Washington. On arriving in San Francisco, he was appointed assistant editor of the " Monitor," and director of the League of the Cross. His work on the " Monitor " contributed not a little to the international reputation which the paper then enjoyed. The articles on " Myers' History" are acknowledged to be the best criticism of anti-Catholic mis-statements yet published. So conclusive  were they, indeed, that Myers and his pub-lishers were compelled to recast the book. His later work in the Catholic Truth So-ciety . . . is known to everybody. Other Books Revised Space forbids more than the mention of many other works of reference, such as encyclopedias and even dictionaries, that have been also Romanized. In the Freeman's Journal, of New York, dated May 28, 1892, for instance, we find the following editorial boast concerning the revision of "Webster's Dictionary," some seventeen years ago: Š Time was when complaint was common that injustice was done to the Catholics in " Webster's Dic-tionary." There is no room for such a thing in the new " Webster's International Dic-tionary," issued by G. and C. Merriam & Co., Springfield, Mass., because Vicar-General Callaghan, of the diocese of Little Rock, has revised and edited everything appertaining to the church. The volume is a magnificent testimonial to American enterprise and learn-ing, and is as much an im-provement upon the old edition as is the electric light upon gas illumination. What would be thought of a journalist who would sub-mit his write-up of the Standard Oil Company to that corporation for revi-sion ? Yet that is what the great publishing-houses of New York and other large publishing centers are doing with their latest encyclope-dias and works of reference. The editor of the Catholic Mirror (the official organ of Cardinal Gibbons), for ex-ample, took particular pains to explain in a lengthy edi-torial, dated Oct. 28, Isros, how Dodd, Mead & Co., the publishers of the " New International Encyclopedia," proceeded to secure Cath-olic approval of that work of reference. He published the following letter, which he had just received from the Rev. Thomas J. Campbell, S. J., one of the editors of the Messenger, a Jesuit mag-azine of New York City : Š 