LIBERTY 23 should fully accept the task of feeding the lambs committed to its care. In mission-ary fields, where the workers do not weaken their own hands by a more or less acknowledged dependence on the state, but even find it hostile to their la-bors, we see them putting forth most valiant and strenuous efforts, and often accomplishing mighty things for the cause of their Master. There no difficul-ties are allowed to turn them from their God-given task. If the church would take up its work in the home lands with  the same missionary spirit, it would soon find itself happily independent of the aid of the state. The cause of religion is under a cloud to-day in England because so many who profess to be the servants of Christ are determined to saddle the principal part of their commission upon the shoulders of the government, and are becoming more and more divided and discredited in the attempt. The result is the logical out-come of the premises adopted. Stanborough Park, Watford, England. Should Religion Be Taught in the Public Schools ? Some of the Insurmountable Difficulties Involved in Such an Undertaking J. 0. CORLISS MUCH is being written nowadays in some circles in advocacy of religious teaching in the public schools. The ground of the advocacy is that it is next to impossible to reach with religious teaching the boys and girls who are to constitute the future citizens of the coun-try, unless it be done in connection with their week-day school work, since so few of them can be induced to attend church or Sunday-school services. It is further asserted that an unfair competition is being waged in the schools, inasmuch as the doctrines of social-ism, infidelity, and even anarchism are breathed through day-school text-books, while definite religious instruction is en-entirely tabooed. There is much truth in these affirmations, but what remedy can cure the disorder? Can it be counter-acted by the introduction of religious ten-ets into the school curriculum? If so, to what extent ? There is much involved in this much-vexed question, which candor demands should be studied with care, and if pos-sible without prejudice. In the first place, so long as present sets of text-books frequently array what they teach as science, against the plain words of the Bible, how could any teacher harmonize  the two hostile lines of thought, without some compromise? And if compromise be resorted to, which element ought to yield? Would that which is called dem-onstrated science give way and thus un-dermine its very foundations? A Dangerous Compromise One may suggest that both scientific deductions and Bible statements might recede enough to admit their mutual fel-lowship. In that case, the Bible would be placed in the same rank with human productions, and thus be robbed of its claim to divine inspiration and conse-quent infallibility. Deprived of this su-perior influence, the Bible would then be-come subject to frequent mutations, to keep in touch with the ever-changing phases of approved scientific deductions. It must be seen at once that such a course would mean the ultimate destruc-tion of pure religious sentiment founded on an infallible basis. This end reached, what sort of religion would be taught in the schools ? Š One which would be de-void of power to elevate in morals, hence just as well omitted from any and every school's curriculum. It is, therefore, not possible to teach religion and its antagonizing doctrines amicably to the same class of students. 