"Great Sunday-Baseball Battle Coming!" THIS heading is quoted from the Reform Bulletin, organ of the New York Civic League, printed in Al-bany. Under it the Bulletin describes, in part : " A great State-wide movement among the sporting element, especially the baseball fans, to secure the passage of a Sunday-baseball bill by the coming session of the legislature. They declare that they are going to secure the passage of a bill to legal-ize not simply amateur baseball on Sunday, which in the past is all that they claimed to be working for, but now they are throwing off the mask and declaring that professional base-ball must be legalized on Sunday. " We shall have the most stren-uous battle on this question that we have had for several years past. The New York Civic League, which keeps two representatives on the ground here at Albany, working all the time throughout the session of the legislature, will be on hand this year as usual to lead this fight, as it has led many other similar hard fights in the last ten years. " Mr. Charles H. Ebbetts, who is leading this great State-wide movement for Sunday baseball, is one of the most prominent base-ball men in the country, and is a man of great influence with big baseball magnates, who doubtless will put a large amount of money into this fight to secure the passage of such a bill. Sunday baseball would probably double the dividends of all the baseball corporations; hence they can well afford to make large con-tributions to such a campaign. " As a result of a complaint made by the New York Civic League to the authorities in Brooklyn against Mr. Ebbetts's holding Sun-day baseball games last summer, he was ar-rested and convicted. He appealed his case to the higher court, and the higher court sus-tained his conviction in the lower court; hence Mr. Ebbetts's determination to repeal a law which he has found uncomfortable to violate. "We have shown in the Reform Bulletin many times in the past and will do the same again in the near future, that the legalizing of baseball on Sunday will mean in the end the legalizing of all other public sports on Sunday. 20 " We earnestly urge every friend of the Christian Sabbath in our State to help the New York Civic League financially in this extraordinary campaign which is immediately upon us. We ought to have at least a thou-sand dollars or more at the earliest possible moment to pay the expense of doing a number of very important preparatory things which ought to be done before the legislature meets on the first \iv ednesday in January. Friends of the Christian Sabbath, it is your fight; help us." This sufficiently reveals the true nature of the New York Civic [ ?] League; it is in fact the New York Sunday enforce-ment league. It is a league to enforce a church institution by civil law. It is a league to give the Sunday churches a monop-oly of Sunday, so that on that day nothing shall compete with them in getting and holding the attention and liberalities of the people. As we view it, it is better spiritually to go to church on Sunday than to go to a ball game, for to tell the truth we are not enthusiastic over ball games at any time. They are far from being a means of grace. But we deny the right of the state to control in any way the activities of the people on Sun-day any more than on other days. Sunday is a religious institution. Its observance is believed by many to be a religious duty; and these are the people who are appealing to the state to enforce its observance upon those who either do not admit its claims to divine authority, or who, admitting its moral claims theo-retically, are not willing to give them practical acknowledgment by devoting that day to the services of religion. Our position is that the state has no right to enforce the observance of any moral duty as such. If it may enforce one such duty, then it may enforce another, and 