LIBERTY 39 right to make a Saturday law and compel the Sunday observer also to observe Sat-urday Š a day in which he has no faith. Like the Massachusetts lawyer, we fail to see " any difference in the application of this principle." c. s. L. A Long Step Backward THE mission of the church, according to the Scriptures, is to lead men to Jesus Christ through the medium of the gos-pel. Men are to be drawn to Christ by the motive power of love, rather than driven by ah edict of force. By faith they are to receive Christ's imparted righteousness, and not civic righteous-ness by legislation. They are to be re-generated by the power of the Spirit through the. gospel., and not reformed through political force and civic evolu-tion. The church has no other means of sav-ing and regenerating men than by the cross of Christ through faith. The weapons of the church are spiritual, not carnal. God has furnished the Chris-tian with a complete armor with which. he can vanquish every foe. When the Christian lays down the armor which God has furnished him, and asks Caesar to clothe him with his own, he must ex-pect that Goliath and not David is going to win the victory. The church cannot fight in Caesar's armor any better than David could in Saul's. Yet today the church through its allied organizations is begging the loan of Caesar's armor to enforce civic righteousness and religious institutions. The Christian church, which was once pure and wrought exploits for God with- out Caesar's aid, fell away from her pu- rity and her primitive ideals, and made an unholy union with the state. It in- augurated the Dark Ages, when rulers were actuated with the spirit of intol-erance and persecution. Finally that regime was overthrown, and the church and state were separated again. All men were accorded freedom of worship and  liberty of conscience, whether Christian, Jew, Mohammedan, or agnostic, in the countries where a true separation was effected. Americans had hoped that the separation might be forever, and that the state would never again oppress any in-dividual for failing to be religious ac-cording to other people's ideas of reli-gion. But their hopes are destined to be doomed. Among religious organiza-tions, the sentiment and tendency of our times are toward confederacy and com-bination, in order to bring influence to bear upon civil magistrates and lawmak-ing bodies concerning religious issues. The demands for Sunday laws to com-pel both believers and unbelievers to rec-ognize that religious institution, and the recognition of this demand of the church by the state, are a long step backward. When the judges of our superior courts will legalize Sunday on purely religious grounds in territory where the federal government holds control, as was recently done in the District of Columbia, and for which Congress has repeatedly re-fused to enact Sunday laws since the year 1811, we are taking a long step backward. We are making history rapidly these days. We are reviving old policies. We= aretraveling over old roads once more, but we are going at tenfold the speed of the days of Constantine. The church and the state today are entering upon the same path to follow the same course that they followed in his day. The first step taken at that time, as they entered this path to walk together arm in arm, was the enactment .of a Sunday law. This singular act, as all early historians tes-tify— estgbligied the precedent for all 