LIBERTY 27 were in existence before the confederation of the provinces, or those which have been enacted by the provinces since that time. But by a recent decision of the privy coun-cil of England all provincial Sunday laws which have been enacted since confedera-tion are ultra vires. In the four older prov-inces this decision has the effect of leaving them with the old laws which were enacted before confederation. In Ontario, this old law prohibits a long list of laborers and tradesmen of various occupations, and " any other person whatsoever," from engaging in labor on Sunday. In the interpretation of this last expression, " any other person whatsoever," the courts have decided that it applies only to the classes named in the list, and as the farmer is not named, he is exempt from the provisions of the law. In 1896 the provincial parliament of Onta-rio amended this law by adding the word " farmer " to the list ; but in a test case which finally reached the privy council of England, this amendment, together with all provincial laws on the subject of Sunday observance, as noticed above, was declared void. In the provinces which have entered the Dominion since confederation, this de-cision of the privy council had the effect of leaving them without any Sunday law. This condition of things led the Lord's Day Alliance to petition the Dominion gov-ernment for a general Sunday law. For a number of years they were unsuccessful in their attempts; but last winter the Dominion Parliament was persuaded to enact a Sun-day law, which goes into effect on the first of March, 1907. It is thought, however, that this law is cumbered with so many exemp-tions and provisions that it will be a diffi- cult matter to enforce it. So far as Sab-batarians are concerned, it is a question whether the law will affect them at all, espe-cially in the older provinces. But this re-mains to be seen. One provision of the new law requires that the consent of the attorney-general of the province must be obtained before a con- viction can be secured. Another clause pro-vides that nothing in the .new law shall in anyway take the place of the provincial laws now in existence, or that may be enacted hereafter. From this provision it has been thought that when a provincial law is not effectual in securing a conviction, an appeal can not be taken to the new law. Such being the case, the farmers of Ontario are entirely exempt. We may expect, however, that the Sun-day-law people will not rest satisfied should the new law prove to be ineffectual, and that, in this case, other attempts will be made to enact a new law, or to amend the present law so as to make it effectual. Shedding of Innocent Blood Des, troys a Nation's Prosperity B. G. WILKINSON No spirit of religious persecution can actuate those who are under the influence of God's Word. In the darkest hour of her cruelty toward non-conformists, the Cath-olic Church was the farthest away from the Bible. The bloodiest moments of the French Revolution marked the burning of the Bible in the streets of the capital. The words of noble and generous counsel, breathing out to all from Genesis to Reve-lation, invites us to manifest kindness to-ward every creature, even to our opposers. Listen to these words of Jeremiah, written six hundred years before Christ: " Thus saith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, unto all that are carried away captives, whom I have caused to be carried away from Jerusalem unto Babylon; . . . Seek the peace of the city whither I have caused you to be carried away captives, and pray unto the Lord for it: for in the peace thereof shall ye have peace." Jer. 29: 4, 7. It is a terrible thing to " shed innocent blood." " So ye shall not pollute the land wherein ye are: for blood it defileth the land: and the land can not be cleansed of the blood that is shed therein, but by the blood of him that shed it. Defile not there-fore the land." Num. 25: 33, 34. The beginning of the end of a nation is already marked when the daily records of its life teem with the stories of murder, suicides, and fraternal feuds. But how much worse a step it is when, for a question of differ-ence upon a religious topic, the party in power marks the dissenters for deprivation of their God-given right, perhaps property, then life, in all cases social and national equalities. We have before us an example upon which we should look and bethink our-selves,Š Spain. As a country this nation was once the most populous of Europe, under the hands of whose busy multitudes its fields appeared as cultivated gardens. But what is it to-day? In some parts of 