LIBERTY 79 eralize, as it were, in city politics with the object of bringing about a general improve-ment in sociological conditions. He urged that it is the duty of church people to fight for better civic conditions, not alone within the church one day in the week, but out in the city seven days in the week. Commissioner Brownlow said that, al-though there is sometimes criticism of the mixture of religion and politics, he is one of those who believes that politics does not hurt religion and that religion never fails to im-prove politics. The only criticism likely to arise over " the mixture of religion and politics " is when it is sought to accomplish religious  ends by political methods. Religion that is worth having will make him who has it conscientious in all the affairs of life. The true Christian will be honest alike in his private business and civic and po-litical rights and duties. But it is equally true that the Christian who realizes the purely spiritual nature of Christianity will not seek to use the power of the state to enforce Christian duties. The church as such has no place in politics. The weapons of her " warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds." C. P. B. Attempted Religious Legislation Defeated THE attempt of one great religious organization to vitiate the federal con-stitutional guaranties by restricting the freedom of speech and of the press, is not the only attack that has been made upon the immunities guaranteed in the First Amendment of the federal Consti-tution. Six religious bills were. intro-duced into the last session of Congress which aimed to compel the inhabitants of the District of Columbia, under heavy penalties, to observe Sunday. These bills were prepared and fostered by re-ligious organizations, and introduced, some directly and others indirectly, at their request and instigation. We are glad that we are able to report at the close of this session of Congress that not one of these bills was even reported out of committee, and all died a natural death on the fourth day of March. Tens of thousands of petitions were sent to Congress, from Maine to Cali-fornia, against these bills for compul-sory Sunday observance. This was ac-complished largely through the activities of the many branch organizations of the Religious Liberty Association, whose ob-ject is to prevent all kinds of religious legislation, whether promoted by Cath-olic or Protestant churches. We are glad also to be able to report the defeat in both houses of Congress of an amend-ment to the Indian Appropriation Bill,  which was introduced and most stren-uously defended by Catholic Congress-men. This amendment provided for a government appropriation of $2o0,000 for Catholic schools. The matter is quite fully set forth in another article in this issue. This is the first year since the days of President Grant that Con-gress has actually refused to pass a meas-ure directly appropriating public funds for sectarian school purposes. The fail-ure of the amendment, and later the fail-ure of the whole Indian Appropriation Bill in the last hours of Congress, made it necessary to extend the appropriations of last year over the present year. Thus these sectarian schools receive for an-other year their support out of the public treasury, but only because of the failure of the entire Indian Appropriation Bill. It is an indication of progress along right lines that both houses of Congress refused to pass the amendment de-manded by the Roman Church for the support of its Indian schools. We are also able to report the defeat of scores of drastic Sunday bills in the various State legislatures, principally through the efforts of the Religious Lib-erty Association. Practically all these bills were prepared by religious organi-zations and defended before the legis-lative committees by clergymen, and we are very sorry to say in most cases by 