fl',1".77 1 1.) 42 Ł LIBERTY Science and Religion LET not science and religion be reck-oned as opposing citadels, frowning de-fiance upon each other, and their troops brandishing their arms in hostile atti-tude. Each has its own foundation. These let them unite, and the basis will be broader, and they will be two com-partments of one grand fabric reared to the glory of God. Let the one be the outer and the other the inner court. In the one let all look, and admire, and adore ; and in the other let those who have faith kneel, and pray, and praise. Let the one be the sanctuary where hu-man learning may present its richest in-cense as an offering to God ; and the other the holiest of all, separated from it by a veil now rent in twain, and in which, on a blood-sprinkled mercy-seat, we pour out the love of a reconciled heart, and hear the oracles of the living God.Š James McCosh, D. D. Science and the Creator TRUE science always leads men up to the unavoidable fact of a Creator. Alfred Russell Wallace said in a recent lecture, which is printed in the Fortnightly Re-view: " Neither Darwinism nor any other theory in science or philosophy can give more than a secondary explanation of phenomena. Some deeper power or cause always has to be postulated. I have here claimed that the known facts, when fully examined and reasoned out, are adequate to explain the method of or-ganic evolution; yet the underlying fun-damental causes are, and will probably remain, not only unknown, but even in-conceivable by us. The mysterious power we term life, which alone renders pos-sible the production from a few of the chemical elements of such infinite diverse fabrics, will surely never be explained Š as many suppose it will be Š in terms of mere matter and motion. But beyond even these marvels is the yet greater marvel of that ever-present organizing and guiding power, which Š to take a  single example Š builds up anew that most wonderful congeries of organs, the bird's covering of feathers. Every at-tempt to explain these phenomena Ševen Darwin's highly complex and diffi-cult theory of pangenesis Š utterly breaks down ; so that now even the ex-treme monists, such as Haeckel, are driven to the supposition that every ul-timate cell is a conscious, intelligent in-dividual, that knows where to go and what to do, goes there and does it ! These unavailing efforts to explain the inex-plicable, whether in the details of any one living thing or in the origin of life itself, seem to me to lead us to the irresistible conclusion that beyond and above all ter-restrial agencies there is some great source of energy and guidance, which pervades every form of organized life." Modern Skepticism IT is the peculiarity of atheism at the present day that it uses a religious no-menclature. It is no longer dry and hard and cold, all matter-of-fact and com-mon-sense, as was the case in the last cen-tury. On the contrary, it has become warm in expression, poetic, eloquent, glowing, sensuous, imaginative. The " course of nature," which it has set up in the place of God, is in a certain sense deified. No language is too exalted to be applied to it ; no admiration too great to be excited by it. It is " glorious," and " marvelous," and " superhuman," and " heavenly," and " spiritual," and " di-vine,"Š only it is " it," not " He ; " a fact or set of facts, and not a Person. And so it can really call forth no love, no gratitude, no reverence, no personal feeling of any kind. It can claim no willing obedience ; it can inspire no wholesome awe ; it is a dead idol after all, and its worship is but the old na-ture-worship,Š man returning in his dotage to the follies which beguiled his childhood,Š losing the Creator in the creature, the Workman in the work of his hands.ŠGeorge Rawlinson, in "His-toric Evidences," page 45, 1859. 