68  LIBERTY this is the sentiment embodied in the Declaration of Independence." While doubtless the question of slav-ery was in the mind of Mr. Lincoln at the time of this speech, still that was but an incident in his patriotic reference to and consideration for the fundamental principles contained in the Declaration : " All men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights ; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure [not make] these rights governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the con-sent of the governed." The " spirit of '76 " had to do with a momentous drama. That spirit and the activities growing out of it were not merely the posing of a few men for pic-torial effect. The patriots of that time gave their lives and pledged their sacred honor for principles of eternal character. And may we not claim that the measure of patriotism today will be in proportion to the measure of devotion we give to original Americanism? Bancroft has well said : " American law was the out-growth of necessity, not the wisdom of individuals. It was not an acquisition from abroad; it was begotten from the American mind, of which it was a nat-ural and inevitable, but also a slow and gradual, development." One thing which contributed toward making America free, from the view-point of both civility and religion, was the restrictions obtaining in the Old World against freedom of thought. From this " old order of things " a " new order of things " was entered upon, which was designed to be the sheet anchor of national hope and existence. One of the things proposed under the " new order of things " was a provision for absolute separation of church and state; not that the state should be irre-ligious, but that all religionists as well as nonreligionists should have equal privi-leges conditioned upon noninterference with the civil and religious rights of one another. " When the Constitution first made its appearance, the friends of religious lib-erty, especially those who had been op-pressed under the religious establish-ments of the colonies, felt that liberty of conscience was not sufficiently secured in it. Article VI forbade religious tests as a qualification for office under the govern-ment, but there was no guaranty against religious tests and religious intolerance to those not in office. Aug. 8, 1789, the United Baptist churches of Virginia ad-dressed a communication to George Washington, in which they gave expres-sion to the prevailing fears in this regard. Replying, Washington said : Ñ " If I could have entertained the slightest apprehension that' the Constitu-tion framed by the convention where I had the honor to preside might possibly endanger the religious rights of any ecclesiastical society, certainly I would never have placed my signature to it; and if I could now conceive that the general government might ever be so adminis-tered as to render the liberty of con-science insecure, I beg you will be per-suaded that no one would be more zeal-ous than myself to establish effectual bar-riers against the horrors of spiritual tyr-anny and every species of religious per-secution. For, you doubtless remember. I have often expressed my sentiments that any man, conducting himself as a good citizen and being accountable to God alone for his religious opinions, ought to be protected in worshiping the Deity according to the dictates of his own conscience.'Ñ' History of the Bap-tists,' by Thomas Armitage, D. D., pages 8o6, 807." Washington was not alone in holding such views on the subject of the func-tions of church and state, respectively. From a report of the Forty-third Con-gress (1874), dealing adversely with a petition so to amend the Constitution as to declare this country a Christian na-tion, the following is gathered : Ñ " Upon examination even of the mea-ger debates by the fathers of the republic in the convention which framed the Con- 