212 LIBERTY some of those fifty vice presidents of the Lord's Day Alliance are enjoying just now, . . . but I'd rather stay in town and help some of the poorer members of the parish enjoy real recreation on Sundays. . . . " The policy of active enjoyment at the farm will not be changed on account of the letter written by Dr. Mutchler. We'll con-tinue to use the tennis court, swimming pool, and baseball grounds until some one stops us. " I have no especial desire to be incarcer-ated in jail or. to undergo sentence at hard labor, but even that would be better, to my mind, than to go through life with a bigoted view of what constitutes real rest on Sunday." While no doubt the rank and file of the people are on the side of Dr. Steele, the " clergy " evidently are not. Rev. McLeod M. Pearce, of the First Church of the Cove-nanters, a t Fortieth and Sansom Streets, Philadelphia, thus de-cides against what is going on in the way of innocent recreation at Springfield farm : Š " I stand with Dr. Mutchler. Mr. Steele presumes that the Sab-bath [Sunday] is a day of recreation. This is a wholly different concep-tion from that of the f our t h commandment, which says, ' Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy.' That's my position in the matter." The learned doctor of divinity is evi-dently getting somewhat confused as to which day of the week is the Sabbath, when he quotes the fourth commandment to support the first day of the week as holy time. Several of the vice presidents of the Lord's Day Alliance are on record as being in hearty accord with Mr. Mutchier in the controversy. Said the Rev. George B. Bell, one of the vice presidents of the Alliance : " I am absolutely opposed to what they are doing at Springfield. I think the language of Mr. Steele in his letter to our chairman was at once un-charitable, discourteous, and unbecom-ing. He'd better cool off." Rev. W. B. Forney, another vice presi-dent, said, " I am absolutely with Dr. Mutchler in his stand." May Dr. Steele stand by his guns, re-fusing to surrender to the spirit that would spy out his liberty in Christ. The manner of a man's observance of Sunday is to be decided by the man himself. God gives to him this freedom, and no man has the right to take it from him. The Lord's Day Alliance and kindred socie-ties are busybodies in other men's mat-ters. Let the members of these societies but absorb the fulness of the Christ spirit, and they will look back with shame- facedness to the time when they sought to invade the rights of their fellows. Insti-tutions that are divine need no such meth-ods for their preser-vation as those em-ployed by the Lord's I)ay Alliance. God is behind them, and the institution with God behind it can never be overthrown. If Sunday be of God, it is in no danger; if it be of men, the sooner it goes down, as did Dagon before the ark of God, the better for the church and for the state and for society. If God be for the in-stitution, who can be against it? JOHN PETER ZENGER is known as the " father of the freedom of the press," because in 1735 he was tried in a libel suit for publishing " false and malicious " statements against Governor Cosby of New York, who had removed from office Lewis Morris, the chief justice, for de-ciding against him in a suit about his salary. The acquittal of Zenger estab-lished the freedom of the press in North America, and wrought an important change in the law of libel.Š Inland Printer, August, 1916, p. 701. BENJAMIN FRANKLIN " When religion is good, it will take care of itself." 