8 (1058) LIBERTY of the true God necessitated the observ-ance of the seventh-day Sabbath in Old Testament times. And any other sab-bath is equally impossible in New Testa-ment times. The relation of the seventh-day Sab-bath to creation is stated in the fourth precept of the decalogue : " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work, . . . for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." The relation of the seventh-day Sabbath to redemption is no less actual and vital, and is no less clearly revealed in Holy Writ. " There be gods many, and lords many," but there is only one true God, and he is distinguished from all others by the possession of creative power. He, in the beginning, created the heavens and the earth. " The Lord is great, and greatly to be praised: he is to be feared above all gods. For all the gods of the nations are idols : but the Lord made the heavens." Ps. g6: 4, 5. And because he made the heavens and the earth in six days, and rested the seventh day, he blessed and sanctified that day, and set it apart as his memorial. The seventh-day Sabbath is the memorial of the true God, the sign of him who created all things. He who observes the seventh-day Sabbath knows thereby that the God whom he worships is the true God, the Creator, and thus it is stated : " Hallow my Sabbaths; and they shall be a sign between me and you," " that ye may know that I am the Lord that doth sanc-tify you." Eze. 20: 20; Ex. 31: 13. No people, while truly observing the sev-enth-day Sabbath, could go into idolatry. But what about redemption? What has the seventh-day Sabbath to do with that? Note the following verses of Scripture: Š " Create in me a clean heart, 0 God ;  and renew a right spirit within me." Ps. 51:Io. Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new crcature" [" there is a new creation," margin]. 2 Cor. 5 : 17. " In Christ Jesus neither circum-cision availeth anything, nor uncircum-cision, but a new creature." Gal. 6: 15. Therefore, only the One who could create, could redeem. Only the Creator could be the Saviour. Now the relation of the seventh-day Sabbath to redemption is plain. The seventh-day Sabbath is the sign of what Christ is to us as Creator. (For by Christ were all things created. Col. i : i6; Heb. 1 : 2.) But our Creator is also, by virtue of his creative power, our Re-deemer; and the seventh-day Sabbath being the sign of creative power, is also, therefore, equally the sign of redeeming power. Hence the seventh-day Sabbath is the sign of what Christ is to us as Creator, and also the sign of what Christ is to us as Redeemer. And therefore the seventh-day Sab-bath has a most vital relation to the plan of redemption. It has a place in that plan, to the exclusion of any other sab-bath. It is the only sabbath that can possibly belong there. The first-day sabbath has no part or lot in the matter. It has no relation to creative power. As a weekly rest clay, it can be nothing other than a rival of the seventh day, the " Sab-bath of the Lord." There can not be two sabbaths in the week; for the fundamen-tal idea of the Sabbath is that it is the rest day, in distinction from all other days of the week. This was the Cre-ator's arrangement of time, and this arrangement, this distinction between days, he has commanded us to preserve. Therefore, those who are working to secure Sunday observance by legislation, are working against God, against the gospel, and in behalf of another power, an antichristian power, which points to the first-day sabbath as a sign of its spir-itual authority. See Roman Catholic catechisms. Surely no Protestant Chris-tian should be willing to engage in such a movement. 