SENATOR BORA H, OF IDAHO 36 ciao LIBERTY fidelity to the principles that control our lives and conduct. Many of the framers of the republic were men who inherited the traditions of a theocratic government, in which Men were controlled, as against their own impulses and passions, by the dictates that were handed down in the revelation from the Divine Ruler. In a belief which we can not gainsay to-day, they under-took to establish for this government a code of fundamental principles of jus-tice, of equality; principles formulated in specific rules of conduct that make practical their application. . . . That great array of fun-damental rules of justice, of liberty, of human rights, which I say the American republic has imposed upon itself, is the great secret of the success of the Amer-ican experiment in govern- ment, the maintenance of justice and order, individ-ual liberty and individual opportunity in this vast continent, among 90,000,-coo people. . . . So, sir, I say that this provision of the Arizona constitution strikes at the very heart of our system of government. It goes deeper than that. This provision, sir, is not progress, it is not reform ; it is degeneracy. It is a movement backward to those days of misrule and unbridled power out of which the world has been slowly pro-gressing under the leadership of those great men who established the Consti-tution of the United States. It is a move backward to those days when human passion and the rule of men obtained, rather than the law and the rule of prin-ciples ; for it ignores, it sets at naught, the great principle of government and of civilized society, the principle that jus-tice is above majorities. I care not how small may be the num-bers of a political faith or a religious sect; I care not how weak and humble may be a single man accused of however atro-cious a crime ; time was when the feelings and the passions and the wish of a ma-jority determined his rights, and often-times his right to life ; but now, in this twentieth century, with all the light of the civilization of our times, after a cen-tury and a quarter passed by this great and free people following the footsteps of Washington, Hamilton, Jefferson, and Madison,Š now with all the peoples of the world following their footsteps in the establishment of constitutional govern-ments, the hand of a single man appeal-ing to that justice which exists inde-pendently of all majorities, has a power that we can not ignore nor deny but at the sacrifice of the best and the noblest elements of government. There is such a thing as justice, and though the greatest and most arrogant majority unite to override it, God stands behind it ; the eternal laws that rule the world maintain it ; and if we attempt to make the administration and award of justice dependent upon the will of a majority, we shall fail, and we shall fail at the cost of humiliation and ignominy to ourselves. Š Congressional Record, Sixty-second Co n g r e s s, First Session, Aug. 7, 1911, pages 3802-3804. On the same question Senator Borah maintained that the dif-ference between the old democracies or republics, which perished, and ours, is that the ancient republics could devise no way by which to Š "Shield the Rights of the Minority" He said in part : Š I am afraid that the principle of the recall as applied to judges will tend to establish the rule of the majority in mat-ters of judicial controversy. It will tend to make decisions bear the color and drift of majority rule or party domination rather than that of a faithful rendition of the law and the facts. What is the basic principle of democratic or repub-lican government? We sometimes urge that the first principle is that the majority shall rule. That is true in making laws and determining policies, but it has no place in, and will destroy republican government if applied to the courts, or 