58 LIBERTY and even confiscation of the property, of those who violate the Sunday law. As ex-President Taft has said, " The future indeed looks dark." But the sure word of prophecy not only has given us an out-line of this great crisis (see Rev. 13: ii-i8; for explanation, see " Daniel and the Revelation," Review and Herald  Publishing Assn.), but points the way of escape. Rev. 14:6-12; 15: 2 ; 7: 14-16. May it be our lot to be overcom-ers, and stand at last on the sea of glass in that land where the glorious light of perfect liberty will never grow dim, nor tyrants arise to oppress their fellow men. Belgrade, Maine. Why the Preachers Demand Sunday Laws IT is not the people, but the preachers, who demand Sunday laws. This is true now, and it has always been true. Writing of the fourth century, Ne-ander says: " Owing to the prevailing passion at that time, especially in the large cities, to run after the various public shows, it so hap-pened that when these spectacles fell on the same days which had been consecrated by the church to some religious festival, they proved a great hindrance to the devotion of Chris-tians, though chiefly, it must be allowed, to those whose Christianity was the least an affair of the life and of the heart."Š"History of the Christian Religion and Church," Vol. II, sec. 3, part 2, div. 3, par. 5. Further light is thrown upon the sub- ject by this additional statement of the same writer in the same connection: " Church teachers . . . were, in truth, often forced to complain that in such competitions the theater was vastly more frequented than the church." Early in the fifth century, or, to be exact, in 401, we find this provision in the fifth canon of the Council of Car-thage: " On Sundays and feast days no plays may be performed."ŠHefele's "History of the Church Councils," Fifth Carthaginian. In order that the canon might be more effective than it would otherwise have been, a petition was sent to the emperor Honorius by the same council praying Š " that the public shows might be trans-ferred from the Christian Sunday and from feast days, to some other days of the week." ŠNeander's "History of the Christian Re-ligion and Church," Vol. II, sec. 3, part I, div. 3, par. 5. The same reason for this prohibition, as further stated by Neander, was that " the people congregate more to the cir-cus than to the church." This petition was not granted in full until 425, when the desired law was se-cured, for the following reason, plainly stated in connection with the law itself : " In order that the devotion of the faithful might be free from all disturbance." This also is related by Neander in the immediate connection to which we have referred. And here we have the same idea of disturbance that still survives in the ec-clesiastical mind, namely, that mental dis-turbance, or " brainstorm," that sweeps some people off their psychological equi-poise at the mere knowledge that others are not doing as they feel they must do, and are not worshiping in the same man-ner and at the same hours that they themselves worship. The bigoted and intolerant are far too easily disturbed. The law ought to, and does, protect all orderly assemblies from real disturbance at all times, and that is as much as any one has a right to ask. If " the faithful " were disturbed sim-ply because others were attending the circus while they were attending church, they were bigoted and intolerant; if they were disturbed in their devotions because of an almost overpowering desire to themselves break away and go to the cir-cus, it shows that they were, at the most, near-faithful instead of faithful. The state has no duty to remove such temp-tations from the path of half-hearted worshipers. B. Ł 