164 LIBERTY is always a wealth consumer and never a wealth producer. If you would reduce the expense of government, you must destroy the liquor traffic, which produces the delinquents, defectives, and dependents that require public support and control at great an-nual cost to the taxpayers. If you would have clean politics and good government, you must destroy the liquor traffic, which is the greatest cor-rupter of politicians and government. If you would equip and maintain a strong army and navy of defense, you must destroy the liquor traffic, which, according to the statement of the sur-geons of our army, makes seventy-six per cent of the applicants for enlistment physically or mentally unfit to serve. There is but one thing in America worse than the liquor traffic, and that is the public sentiment that tolerates it. The destruction of the liquor traffic is therefore the paramount duty of this gen-eration if we would conserve humanity. Government Owes People Protection What should be the governmerit's at-titude toward its subjects? You an-swer that it should protect them from all that is harmful, dangerous, or destructive to body, brain, or character, and develop them to the highest physical, mental, and moral standard. Alcoholic liquor is rec-ognized by all nations as the greatest curse in civilization. No good word can be said for it ; it is degenerating, debas-ing, debauching, and destroying the race. The liquor traffic creates drunkards, criminals, paupers, profligates, the in-sane, imbeciles, and makes children or-phans ; it destroys character, happiness, efficiency, health, and life; it debauches individuals, business, legislatures, execu-tives, and courts. Prohibition is not fanaticism, but a solemn public 'duty that this government owes to its citizens. Reaching for a Higher. Civilization In response to a general demand, the fight is on throughout America for the  national, Constitutional prohibition of the liquor traffic. It is not primarily a crusade to close saloons and prevent men from drinking; it has a .deeper purpose than that. It is the outreach of humanity for a higher civilization. It is an effort to conserve America's greatest wealth, her manhood, and her womanhood. It is a crusade to prevent racial degen-eration, and to preserve a people virile in body and brain. It is because we have come to realize that sobriety is a nation's greatest asset in times of peace, and her strongest de-fense in times of war. It is a determination on the part of the real patriots of the country to dissolve the unholy partnership that has existed between our government and the liqucr traffic, which partnership has disgraced us at home and humiliated us abroad. The only great wrong authorized by this government is the liquor traffic. Yes, our government has formed a com-mercial partnership with it ; we tolerate this curse because it pays a liberal tribute for the privilege of debauching the peo ple. It has bribed us with its gold ; we are sacrificing our sons and daughters upon the altar of greed. No government can hope for perma-nent prosperity that derives its revenue from the vices of its people. Greater than the traffic's crime is the crime of our government in licensing such a criminal. Fixing Responsibility for Evil It is a worse offense to vote to license a saloon than it is to keep a saloon after it has been authorized by the people. The voter is the creator of the saloon, and the creator is more responsible than his creature. I should rather take my chances at the judgment bar of God with the saloonkeeper than with the man who voted to make his saloon possible. We curse the saloonkeeper for the evils that come from the saloon; the real culprit is the voter who gave him a license to 