PATRICK HENRY LORD MACAULAY U. S, GRANT 184  LIBERTY Patrick Henry: " Religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of dis-charging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence; and therefore all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion, ac-cording to the dictates of con-science . . . unpunished and un-restrained by the magistrate."ÑTyler's "Patrick Henry," pages (83, 184. Macaulay: " The whole his-tory of the Christian religion shows that she is in far greater danger of being corrupted by the alliance of power than of being crushed by its opposition." ÑEssay on " Southey's Col-loquies." U. S. Grant: " Let us la-bor for the security of free thought, free speech, pure morals, unfettered religious sentiments, and equal rights and privileges for all men, irrespective of nationality, color, or religion ; encour-age free schools, resolve that not one dollar appro-priated to them shall go to the support of any secta-rian school ; resolve that neither State nor nation shall support any institu-tion save those where every child may get a common-school education, unmixed with any atheistic, pagan, or sectarian teaching; leave the matter of religious teaching to the fam-ily altar, the church, and the private school, supported en-tirely by private con-tribution. Keep the church and state for-ever separate."Ñ Ap-pleton's "Cyclopedia of American Biog-raphy." Senator Bailey of Texas, speaking in opposition  to  the Johnston Sunday Hill : " I am not dis-posed to allow any class of people to come to legislative assemblies of the country to settle con- troversies  between them and their em-ployees. I certainly  would not insist that a barber ought to work if he does not want to work. . . . So far as I am concerned, I am not disposed to allow any class to come and ask for a law that interferes with some man who wants to pursue his calling, simply because some other man does not want to pur-sue it"Ñ Congressional Record, Jan. 26, Ivo. Senator Heyburn of Idaho: I have due regard for the ob-servance of the Sabbath, and I be-lieve it should be observed, but I do not believe in legislation com-pelling one to observe it. . . . It is such legislation as this that wrote the annals of blood-shed and oppression and in-tolerance in the religious his-tory of the world where a part of the people undertook to be sponsors for the con-science of another part. . . . " As to the use of the Sab-bath day, every man, so far as personal acts that do not include any acts of lawless-ness are concerned, should be the guardian of his own mor-als. It was never intended that the law should lay down the rules that should consti-tute a good man, and say that all men must live up to those rules. . . . Very soon after we became a nation and had organized government, we abandoned that kind of legislation. It was the legislation that resulted in whipping people at the tail of the cart, placing them in the stocks, brand-ing them on the hands, etc. That was this kind of legisla-tion under which some person or cote-rie of persons under-took to set them-selves up as the cen-sors of the morals of the people. I thought that age had passed. I never expected to see it revived, and I never expected to see an attempt made in the Congress of the United States to pre-scribe rules that are intended, I presume, to supplement the ten commandments." Ñ Congressional Rec-ord, May 26, 1911. 