30 LIBERTY The Mockery of Enforced Religion G. B. THOMPSON THE National Reform Bureau, with its various allies, is seeking through both state and national legislatures to secure the enactment of laws with a view to producing a moral reformation in the land. In other words, they are endeav-oring to make men religious by law. The chief thing around which this work for civic righteousness revolves is the enforcement of Sunday as a day of rest. That this is religious legislation is apparent for several reasons: Š I. No special legislation is necessary to make men civil on Sunday. The laws which compel men to be, civil on other days of the week are all that are required to maintain civility on Sunday. The fact that other laws are demanded shows that it is the religious aspect of the day that they are seeking to enforce. 2. The Sabbatic institution, for which Sunday stands in the minds of the ma-jority of the people, though not Scrip-turally enjoined, is a religious institution. Its observance as a day of rest has al-ways been regarded as a religious matter, and associated with the worship of the Creator. Sabbath-keeping is in no sense of the word a civil act. It is a duty we owe the Creator, not man. The man who keeps no day as a day of rest may be just as civil and upright a citizen as the man who observes Sunday with phar-isaical strictness, though he may not be so religious. There is a wide difference between being civil and being religious. 3. That Sunday legislation is religious in character is admitted by Łthe Rev. W. F. Crafts, the apostle of Sunday leg-islation, in a document submitted by him to the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, at the hearing on the Sunday-rest bill, Dec. 13, 1888, which says : Š "A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out, and you take the rest out." And in an address in Denver, as re- ported in the Rocky Mountain News of Feb. 9, 1890, Mr. Crafts said : Š " No laws will avail anything if they are not on the basis of religion. Mount Sinai is the only true basis of all Sab-bath legislation." Sunday legislation is, therefore, religious in character, and leg-islation upon any other religious question is religious legislation also. But nothing could be a greater mock-ery or a more complete travesty upon pure and undefiled religion than the effort to make men religious by law, through the enforcement of certain moral duties. It is attempting the impossible. It: is akin to the effort of a man trying to lift himself by the straps of his boots. Religion is a thing of the heart. It is a man's personal relationship with his God. In this he can be directed by no human statute, and can not rightfully be made amenable to any earthly tribunal. Prayers said by compulsion of law would be of no avail. Visits made to the widows and fatherless in their affliction, because of compulsion by police power, would be a farce. The same is true of other religious duties. In order for an individual to become religious, it is necessary that there be a change in the natural impulses and pas-sions of the human heart. But this can never be wrought by the enactment and enforcement of civil statutes. Man is by nature a sinner. " The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked." " For from within, out of the heart of men, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, mur-ders, thefts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit, lasciviousness, an evil eye, blas-phemy, pride, foolishness : all these evil things come from within, and defile the man." " They are all gone aside, they are all together become filthy : there is none that doeth good, no, not one." Here is presented a divine photograph of the natural heart. Ever since the fall of man, he has had to struggle against the carnal passions of the soul; and so strong is the power of the unregenerate heart, that untold millions have been 