LIBERTY 35 UNIVERSITY OF NEBRASKA, FOUNDED 1869, SAMUEL AVERY, PH. D., CHANCELOR shall officially set up the Sunday insti-tution as a mark of its moral greatness, as the church party proposes that it shall do, then will the scripture just referred to be fulfilled. The citizens of this coun-try should pause and carefully consider these portentous movements, and put off the evil day of departing from original Americanism. " Our fathers' God, to thee, Author of liberty, To thee we sing. Long may our land be bright With freedom's holy light. Protect us by thy might, Great God, our King." Would Make Labor a Crime E. T. RUSSELL.  THE demand for Sunday laws to com-pel men to refrain from all labor on Sunday, and to place those who do labor on that day in the catalogue of criminals, compels one to ask, Is honest labor a crime? We believe that it is honorable, not criminal, to labor. Our Creator placed our first parents in the garden of Eden " to dress it and to keep it." Labor was consecrated by the Son of God while he toiled as a carpenter at Nazareth. Everything that comes properly in the province of crime is criminal, regardless of the day on which the act is committed. It is criminal to steal or murder on any day of the week ; but it is not a criminal act for any one to labor on any day of the week. It is true that it is sinful to labor on a certain day, the Sabbath ; but there is a difference between sin and  crime. Sin is a violation of the law of God, while crime is a violation of the law of the civil state. The state has no credentials for the teaching of the gospel or enforcing the law of God, but this fact is not mentioned by our friends connected with labor unions, or the Na-tional Reform Association, or the fed-erated churches. They demand an en-forced rest day. If obtained, it will be uncivil, in that it will make that which is not criminal a crime one day in seven. While they claim that such a law is nec-essary for the protection of labor, it will lead to the punishment of those who labor on that day. In other words, they desire a law for the protection of labor that will punish a man if he labors. Truly that will be a paradox in protective legislation. Such a law will force every man to rest whether or not he so desires. This would be an abridgment of man's inalienable rights, and ought not to receive a mo-ment's consideration by American legis-lators or any friend of human liberty. College View, Neb. Thy Kingdom Come FATHER, enthroned in heaven above, Thou only source of light and love, Thy love reveal to all mankind, And eyes unseal that now are blind,Š Thy kingdom come. The scattered sheep are scattered still, In every vale, on every hill, And night is there so dark and cold, Bring them within thy peaceful fold,ŠThy kingdom come. Š Rev. J. S. Scotland. 