40 LIBERTY Life in Ancient Egypt The monuments of Egypt portray the manners and customs of that people so minutely that we find ourselves veritably on the banks of the Nile with Egyptian social and court life in full movement around us. Living in a country highly literary, where one of the vanities of the people was to record every notable event, THE even using the very rocks to do so, it would have been most remarkable if Moses had failed to write the history of the Jews. Egyptian proper names were in a large measure governed by the pre-vailing fashion of religion, the same in-fluence expressing itself in these latter days by the naming of children after popular heroes or public men. As a result, these Egyptian proper names have become as trustworthy a chronological index as we possess, and accordingly  Joseph's Egyptian name, Zapnath-Paaneah, has figured conspicuously in the discussion of the date of the Penta-teuch. Mr. Kral argued that Joseph's name was not of a kind that came into exist-ence until the twentieth dynasty, or about 90o B. C. So the Pentateuch was not written until then. Those who held to the traditional views were compelled to ad-mit that the evidences were against them, until Liblein found the name of Joseph on monu-ments entirely consist-ent with the theory of the Mosaic authorship of the Pentateuch. The critics averred that the fifty-second chapter of Isaiah was in error because it told of the Jews being op-pressed by an Assyrian while in Egypt. They said no Assyrian ruled that country while the Jews were held captive there. It seemed that they were right until monuments were brought to light and all the world knew that Pharaoh of the oppres-sion was an Assyrian. Their text-books taught that Daniel was written at a late date because it contained the names of several Greek musical instruments. It was there-fore concluded that instead of go B. C., Daniel was not written until after Greek influence had swept over Egypt and Baby-lon in Alexandria's time or 323 B. c. Drs. Driver, Ewald, and Bleek expressed this opinion. Thanks to the Tel-el-Amarna letters, which had lain three thousand years in the sands of Egypt, we now know the Greeks were frequent vis-itors to Babylon as early as 1400 B. c. We also know that the Greeks garrisoned NEW MASTER -" ANOTHER, YET THE SAME " 