Table on Which George Mason Wrote the Virginia Bill of Rights, Now in Independence Hall, Philadelphia LIBERTY 97 to prohibit. If the court can exercise the right to prohibit one thing, it can prohibit two, three, four, five things, and so on indefinitely until all things are prohibited under the exemption statute, and the intent of the State legislature entirely nullified. If the Sabbatarian is not allowed to do any-thing on Sunday, after he has observed the sev-enth day as the Sabbath, but must faithfully observe the same restrictions as are imposed upon the Sunday observer on the first day, then of what value is the exemption statute enacted in behalf of the Sabbatarian? How can the selling of soft drinks or anything else by a Sabbatarian on Sunday be in violation of the statutes of the commonwealth when the State legislature expressly enacted a statute exempting the Sabbatarian from the operations of the Sunday law? Unless the Sabbatarian is permitted to do the same things on Sunday that the Sunday observer is permitted to do on Saturday, the Sabbatarian is not given the same rights before the law as is the Sunday observer. Thus the State would require the Sabbatarian to rest two days each week, and the Sunday observer only one day each week. The State does require the Sabbatarian to rest conscientiously on the seventh day of the week in order to enjoy the benefits of the exemption statute enacted in his behalf to do business and labor on the first day of the week. Then when the courts deny the full benefits of the exemp-tion statute and compel the Sabbatarian to rest on Sunday the same as the Sunday observer,  they deny the Sabbatarian the right and privi-leges of both divine and civil laws to work and transact business six days each week. Such a ruling gives the Sabbatarian a shadow instead of a substance. The supreme court of Virginia refused to allow an appeal and review of the case of Abram Newman, an orthodox Jew, which was a test case, upon which hung the decision of a number of similar cases. State Supreme Courts Differ The decision of the supreme court of Vir-ginia is just the opposite of the decision of the supreme court of Oklahoma, in a similar case. The supreme court of Oklahoma said in ref-erence to the exemption statute enacted by the legislature in behalf of those who observed another day than Sunday as the Sabbath: "The legislature intended to refrain from interfering with, or coerc-ing the conscience of those who uniformly and consci-entiously keep another day than the first day of the week as holy time. And we think this is in har-mony with the spirit and genius of our Government. And when our legislators exempted persons who uni-formly, conscientiously, and religiously keep an-other day, from the penal-ties of the statute, they intended to give them a substance and not a shadow." The courts of Virginia are giving the Sabbatarian a shadow instead of a sub-stance. They have set aside the legislative intent of the State legislature. They have utterly ignored of Rights (Art. I, Sec. 18), which reads: " That religion, or the duty we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, and not by force or violence; and, therefore, all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience; and that it is the mutual duty of all to practise Christian forbearance, love, and charity towards each other." Instead of exercising the spirit of forbear-ance, love, and charity, and allowing the Sab-batarian to follow the dictates of his conscience, the courts of Virginia set themselves up as the arbiters of religious controversies, and decide religious questions to a hairsplitting degree. the Virginia Bill 