THE GREENVILLE (S. C.) COURT-HOUSE, WHERE THE TRIAL WAS HELD N11 32 LIBERTY merely because they observe the seventh day of the week instead of the first as the Sabbath. We called attention to the fact that these godly women and children had been compelled to come to the court that morning through the mud and rain as common crim-inals because a neighbor, filled with religious prej-udice, could take advantage of the existence of a Sun-day law to perse-cute his neighbors. After the plea, the magistrate read a short charge to the jury, and they retired. The jury, after being out for half an hour, re-turned a verdict of not guilty. This verdict was re-ceived with almost universal satisfac-tion and approval by those present. We feel certain that the prose-cuting witness in this case is not a representative cit-izen of Greenville County, South Carolina. This case, however, illustrates the malicious character of all religious legislation. A Righteous Decision S. B. HORTON DURING the early part of August a Seventh-day Adventist doing a store busi-ness near Murfreesboro, Tenn., was ar-rested on the charge of violating the Sunday law of the State. The case was set for trial before Justice of the Peace Ransom, August 31. On that date the writer went to Murfreesboro to assist the defendant, Dan S. Brown, Jr., at the trial, which was fixed for 5 P. m. of the day mentioned. We appeared at the time, but the prosecuting witness was not on hand. The magistrate proceeded to take up the case, and referred to the charge against the defendant, to the ef-fect that he had violated the " sab-bath law of Ten-nessee by opening his store and sell-ing goods on Sun-day." We asked to be confronted with t h e accuser, the prosecuting w i t - ness, and main-tained that this was an essential element to the trial. The justice over-ruled t h e point, stating that the presence of the prosecuting w i t - ness was not nec-essary, and that he (the justice) ap-peared as prosecu-tor. We submitted that it would be a departure from American jurispru-dence for a magis-trate to sit as a judge and act as prosecutor and ac-cuser at the same time. The magistrate admitted that he did not know of his own knowledge that the defendant had violated the law, but re-lied upon an alleged confession of the defendant, at some previous time, that he had opened his store and sold goods on Sunday. He then said that he would read the law, and if there was anything in that law that would benefit Mr. Brown, he would be glad to have the same pointed out, as he disliked very much to make it unpleasant for him. The par-ticular law referred to is as follows : Š " 3029. If any merchant, artificer, 