LIBERTY 43 LABOR IN THE UNITED STATES Š Continued PENALTY FOR VIOLATION. EXCEPTIONS ALLOWED.   Works of necessity or charity; sacred concert or entertainment for religious or charitable purposes; lighting, heating, power, and water plants; telegraph or telephone service; sale of drugs and medicines, physicians' and surgeons supplies, tobacco, ice-cream, soda-water, and confectionery; letting of horses and carriages, boats; unpaid work on pleasure-boats; running of ferries, street-cars; publishing and selling of newspapers; sale, delivery, and transportation of milk; keeping open of public bath-houses; baking and selling bread before to A. M. and between 4 and 6:30 P. M.; blacking boots before tt A. M.; digging of clams and the dressing and icing of fish; exposure of photographic plates and films for pleasure, provided that the pictures are not sold; delivery of ice-cream. Works of necessity and charity; promises of and solemnization of mar-riages; those who conscientiously believe that the seventh day ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and who actually refrain from business and labor on that day. Preparation and serving of meals; sale of prepared tobacco, fruits, confectionery, newspapers, drugs, medicines, and surgical appliances; works of necessity and charity. Works of necessity or charity; labor on railroads, steamboats, telegraph-or telephone-lines, street railways, in the business of a livery-stable, meat-market or ice-house, or apothecaries and druggists. Household offices of daily necessity; works of necessity and charity; crossing of passengers by ferrymen; persons exempted who belong to a religious society which observes another day as Sabbath, and who observe such Sabbath. Works of necessity and charity; law does not apply to those who con-scientiously observe the seventh day as the Sabbath; families emi-grating, landing passengers by watermen, toll-keepers, ferrymen, mov-ing families, or running of necessary trains by railroads. Works of necessity and mercy; necessary repairs upon mills and fac-tories which could not be made otherwise without loss to operatives; entertaining of boarders; sale of milk, bread, and other necessaries of life, drugs and medicines. Works of necessity or charity; one passenger-train each way over all roads; transportation of mails; persons who observe the seventh day of the week as Sabbath; printing and selling newspapers, selling and delivering milk; walking, riding, and driving for recreation, and hiring horses and carriages for that purpose; regular trips of ferry-boats. Works of necessity, charity, or mercy; irrigation and necessary gath-ering of crops by farmers; performing of their duty by cooks, waiters, and other employees of hotels and restaurants, and butchers and bakers. Works of necessity and charity; a sufficient defense is that another day is uniformly kept as holy time, and that labor done on Sunday did not disturb others; articles of food may be sold before to A. M., meals may be served at any time of day; and prepared tobacco, milk, ice, soda-water, fruit, flowers, confectionery, newspapers, drugs, medi-cines, and surgical appliances may be sold in a quiet and orderly manner. From June 15 to September x5 in Saratoga Springs, and in New York City throughout the year, barber shops may be open on Sun-day until I P. M. Works of necessity or charity. Transportation of U. S. mails, passengers with their baggage, and ordi-nary express freight in express-cars; trains starting on Saturday may, to reach terminus, proceed until 9 A. M. Sunday, but no longer. Works of necessity or charity; a sufficient defense to show that an-other day is kept as holy time and that work done on Sunday did not disturb others who kept that day as holy time. (To be concluded) Fine of not over $50 (proprietor of entertainment, fine of $50-$5oo). Fine of not over $to  Fine of $xo-$25, or not over 3o days in jail, or both. Fine of $i-$1o, or not over 5 days' imprisonment. Fine of $20  Fine of not over $so . Fine of $x5-$5o for first offense; fine of $25-$100 for subsequent viola-tions. Fine of $x-$5  Fine of not over $10, .or not over 3o days' imprisonment, or both. Fine of $1 (persons fourteen years old and upward). Fine of $2  Fine of $8  Fine of $2  Fine of $s-$t5, or 5-15 days' imprison-ment. First offense, fine of not over $5; second offense, fine of $10-$25, or 10-25 days' imprisonment, or both  Fine of $1  A misdemeanor in each county in which violation occurs. Fine of $soo for each offense. Fine of $1-$10  