60 LIBER7 Y An Appeal from the Reli- gious Society of Friends THE Religious Society of Friends has issued an appeal to all who love representative government in the United States. We quote as follows, believing it worthy of a wide circula-tion: " The perils of the war are behind us, but the problems of peace are before us. The world is seething with unrest, disturbances, and conflicts. New ideas are finding expression, new theories of social life are being voiced, new demands for changed conditions in government and industry are assailing our traditional in-stitutions. Extremists, both reactionary and radical, are proclaiming strange creeds. We in America, though distant from the storm center, are finding that we are not immune from this world restlessness. It has knocked at our doors, it has crossed our threshold, and it is asking us the searching question: How will you deal with this confusion of thought and turbulence of action/ " Upon the way in which we answer that question in our national life, hangs more than we know of good or evil for our country. There is one way Š and one way only Š in which we can hope to achieve sane and peaceful progress. It is the way of education, of increasing under-standing of the causes and cures of this great unrest. And there is one condition Š and one condition only Š upon which we can hope to follow this path of peaceable and orderly ad-vance. It is the condition of individual liberty, liberty to interchange ideas and information, lib-erty to speak and write, liberty to discuss. In any other direction lies stagnation or upheaval. " Because we believe liberty of expression to be of the highest importance to the welfare of our nation and of the coming generation, we are profoundly disturbed by the widespread tendency to forget and depart from this prin-ciple. From many quarters we hear of speak-ers prohibited from delivering addresses, and of meetings prevented or broken up. In recent strikes the police and powers of government have been invoked to enforce the prohibition of gath-erings, instead of to protect men in their lawful right of peaceable assembly. The menacing and pernicious interference with meetings by organized groups of private citizens in the name of patriotism is a sinister blow to our American liberties, which should not go unchal-lenged. In challenging the right of five Social-ists to take the seats to which they were duly elected, the legislature of New York has laid violent hands upon the foundations of repre-sentative government. Sedition laws for peace time, such as those already passed in some States, and those now pending in Congress, are inroads upon the domain of American freedom. pregnant with injustice and danger.  "No man can measure the harm that may ensue if we continue these encroachments upon freedom of expression. History is replete with lessons of the folly of suppression. Many a religious and political martyr should have taught us long ago that you may torture and kill and silence men, but you do not silence truth. The ancient truth spoken when Chris-tianity was the feared and hated doctrine, still holds today: `If this counsel or this work be of men, it will come to naught: but if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it.' Yet while sup-pression cannot silence truth, it can work many evils. It can produce stagnation of men's minds, and in so doing cut the taproot of de-mocracy. It can bring disaster to those who impose it, as it did when the Federal party passed the sedition law of 1798, and, in the words of a leading historian, From the day the bill became law, the Federal party went steadily down to ruin.' It can produce revolution. Let France and Russia bear wit- ness. I will make them conform, or I will harry them out of the land,' cried James I of England against the Puritans, and these words, it has been said, Heralded the struggle which within half a century was to deliver up James' son to the executioner.' " No easy indifference will suffice to maintain freedom among us. Liberty asks of us a price, the price of tolerance toward those to whom we do not wish to show tolerance. But it is only the unpleasant or hated utterance that really tests the quality of our liberty. The supreme test of civil liberty,' a noted English lord has said, ` is our determination to protect an unpopular minority in time of national ex-citement.' " In times of intolerance and oppression the founding of a great commonwealth by William Penn on the principles of religious and civil liberty helped to form our national policy of individual freedom. Our loyalty to that pol-icy is now undergoing trial. In new ways our times are proving afresh whether this nation `conceived in liberty and dedicated to the prop-osition that all men are created equal' can gov-ern itself on such a principle. We appeal to all who with us love this great Republic and cherish high hopes for her future, to help her meet the test. " We may differ as to the good or evil of the ideas which are finding expression, but let us take to heart the recent words of a foremost editor of this country: What I have said is not a plea for the new radicalism, for to me most of this new radicalism is the very nega-tion of political and economic sanity. What I am pleading for is the restoration of the tradi-tions of the Republic, for the restoration of the proved safeguards of human liberty, for the restoration of the free play of public opinion, without which democracy is stifled and cannot exist! " 