LIBERTY 37 lengthy interview regarding the case to a local newspaper, the Springfield (Mass.) Homestead, in which he related unde-niable facts in behalf of his former guest. In summing up the causes for the ar-rest, as reported in the Springfield Sun-day Republican for July 31, Pastor San-nella " stated that the whole thing is a trumped-up charge by his [Miraglia's] Catholic enemies, to throw discredit on the work that he is doing." On August there met in New York a committee of Bishop Miraglia's friends, by whom " it was decided to put the difficulty into the hands of a lawyer," and to " raise a fund among the various Protestant Italian churches to sustain Mr. Miraglia in his defense." The one thousand dollar bond required to release Mr. Miraglia was quickly secured by friends. "A Clerical Vendetta" Pastor Leopold S. Vaccaro, of the First Italian M. E. Church of Baltimore, in a lengthy interview given to the Bal-timore American (Aug. 6, 191o), uttered some fundamental principles underlying not only the case of Miraglia but also the primal rights of mankind. He said: Š " Rev. Miraglia was charged and ar-rested as an undesirable citizen to gratify a clerical vendetta, similar to those per-petrated in Spain and before Italy was united. He is a victim of that church which never forgives ; which last year Šin the twentieth century Š tainted her hands with the innocent blood of Fran-cisco Ferrer. . . . We must look for the causes of Miraglia's arrest as ' undesir-able' in the false accusations made by the Italian Catholic press. . . . It is not right to proceed to the arrest of a person because of accusations which come from an interested party. . . . The deportation of Miraglia would be a triumph of the papal emissaries, who want to perpetuate in this country the intolerance of old Europe." Freedom Follows Arrest On August 15 the special board ofŁin-quiry, in session at Ellis Island, New York, after fully considering all of the  evidence submitted in the case, declared that Paul Miraglia-Gullotti was fully ex-onerated' from the criminal charges made against him, and recommended the can-cellation of the warrant issued for his ar-rest. By this simple act of justice, the United States government, through its immigration officials, remains true to the fundamental principles of its Constitu-tion, which provides that " Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press." Thanks to the aroused sentiments of the American people regarding individ-ual liberty, it is still possible for alien victims of unjust clerical legislation to confidently stretch out their hands to liberty-loving America, the as:y-1 om of the oppressed of all nations. Washington, D. C. The Spirit of Persecution Still Lives C. E. HOLMES IN the District of Columbia, and in other places as well, there are societies for the prevention of cruelty to dumb animals. Should a man be seen beating his horse, the law would prosecute him for it. Who denies the justice of such a law? But what a travesty upon jus-tice and mercy it is when men professing to belong to a Christian church will beat men, women, and children to death merely because they will not espouse a religious cause which does not appeal to their hearts ? Such a state of affairs may be found to-day, and that in a coun-try known as a Christian nation. Wri-ting regarding the " Fierce Religious Persecutions Under Russia's Rule," a contributor to the Washington Star of August 21 says:Š "Fierce religious persecutions still continue in that part of the Russian em-pire known as the Chelm.' . . . " With the Cossacks come the police officials and some orthodox clergy, who 