LIBERTY 77 she needs to keep out of politics. If the clergy-men would preach the old-time gospel in the demonstration of the Spirit and power of God, they would not need to resort to attractions and prohibitions so foreign to the gospel spirit. Political methods will do the church an ir- reparable damage. C. S. L. tV Fifty-seven Thousand Petitions DURING the recent Sunday closing agita-tion in the State of California, 'the op- . ponents to the bill circulated petitions and secured nearly fifty-seven thousand signatures against its passage. The great public, the people who count, do not favor laws which restrict their God-given freedom. At differ-ent times the people have spoken, and always their voice has been against Sunday closing. This is true not only in California, but in Oregon, where a Sunday law was voted off the statute books only two or three years ago. This leads to the conclusion that a popular vote of the people, if permitted, would wipe out such her-itages of the old church and state regime. At any rate, we should like to see it tried. W. P. M. tV Meaningless Platitudes IN the Saturday Evening Post of April 12, Mr. Alfred Noyes said this: " The war has shown us the complete moral rottenness of two great European empires. It has shown us men of culture, statesmen, diplo-mats, lying and plotting murder. It has shown us ambassadors, apparently polished gentlemen, turned out by the best tailors, advising their governments to sink the ships of the friendly countries to which they were accredited, without leaving traces of the human beings aboard those ships. There is not a crime which devils might be supposed to whisper hoarsely to one another in the darkest regions of hell that these repre-sentatives of civilization have not embraced as a virtue. We have become so familiar with it that we have ceased to realize its utter horror." And yet in the selfsame article Mr. Noyes practically calls for the establishment of an international religion as the basis of interna-tional peace! The length to which men will go in incon-sistency is most surprising. The two great em-pires, with their " complete moral rottenness," were fully equipped with state-supported reli-gious establishments. The one was dyed-in-the-wool Roman Catholic; the other claimed at least to follow the teachings of the greatest of all modern Reformers, Martin Luther himself. The lesson that all the world should learn is that an official profession of religion amounts to nothing. The religion of Christ appeals only  to the individual, and it effects real moral ref-ormation and regeneration only as it is volun-tarily accepted by the individual and becomes a real force in his daily life. State or govern-mental professions of faith are meaningless platitudes, deceiving men and offending God. C. P. B. 01 The Sunday Moving Picture THE question is often asked, Why is such an effort made to close moving picture shows on Sunday? As a general thing, min-isters are leaders in these crusades. If not leaders, they are usually near the front. Now, is this because the picture show is an evil per se, subverting the morals of the youth? This can hardly be the case. If so, these good men would desire them closed all the time. But do they? On the contrary, we have heard that some of these same gentlemen themselves even go to such shows on week days. Such is surely their priv-ilege. The fact proves, however, that this cler-ical objection to Sunday picture shows is alto-gether because of the day and not at all on account of the character of the shows. They would eliminate competition on that day with the attractions which they themselves have to offer. But we wonder how they would feel if a law should be passed closing theaters to min-isters during the week. That would certainly be too bad. As a general thing, a minister is too busy to attend a show on Sunday, so he would be cut out entirely. This leads us to wonder about the laboring man. It takes most of his time to provide for his family, and the week days are crowded full. He may want to attend a show on Sunday just as much as the minister does on other days. If one is given the privilege, so should the other. The writer has no brief for the moving pic-ture or any other show, but the rights of one man are as sacred as those of the other. No man can deprive another of his rights without endangering his own. w. F. M. feE IV IV JUDGE COOLEY, in the fifth edition of his work on " Constitutional Limitations," p. 580, says: " The legislatures have not been left at lib-erty to effect a union of church and state, or to establish preferences by law in favor of any one religious persuasion or mode of worship. There is not complete religious liberty where any one sect is favored by the state and given an advantage by law over other sects. What-ever establishes a distinction against one class or sect is, to the extent to which the distinction operates unfavorably, a persecution; and if based on religious grounds, a religious perse-cution. The extent of the discrimination is not material to the principle; it is enough that it creates an inequality of right or privilege." W. 3'. M. 