LIBER7 Y )7 many sacred movements of moral and civic righteousness join their forces? We can gain much more by uniting ourselves with those who are seeking a similar end than we can by a single combat." It will be ob-served from the foregoing that the object to be obtained by this federated movement is that of securing moral and civic right-eousness. When moral (religion) and civic (the state) are joined together, all can see that such a combination will be nothing short of a union of church and state, pure and simple. The Defender continues by outlining the need of this federated movement in lan-guage that can not be misinterpreted, as the following will show : Š " One very evident need of federated reform is seen in connection with our law;  making bodies, whether they meet in Wash-ington or in different State capitals. It is the duty of the reform forces to see that men are sent to these places who shall rep-resent the ideas which they hold most im-portant and sacred." There is no ambiguity or uncertainty as to the meaning of what they claim as their need, for it is plainly stated that it is their purpose to allow only such men in Con-gress and state legislatures as " shall rep-resent the ideas which they [the federated reform movement] hold most important and sacred." The Defender does not fail to indicate what these " most important and sacred " ideas are which they are insisting shall be carried out. Among these it men-tions " Sabbath observance." Speaking of certain candidates for office in Massachu-setts who defended an open Sunday, the Defender says, they were " left at home by the votes at the Massachusetts cau-cuses," and then adds, " these are practical illustrations of the power and possibilities of a united effort in the interests 'of re-form." It is not difficult from this forecast to determine the tremendous influence and pressure which will be brought to bear upon our lawmakers by these combined forces. Statesmen are already becoming keenly conscious of this influence, as is in-dicated by the following statement which was recently made by a United States Sen-ator : " I am opposed to any and all phases of religious legislation including Sunday laws. The Jamestown Exposition should  not be closed on Sunday. But, the truth is, the religious people of this country are get-ting such a hold of lawmakers that I fear we can not stem the tide in that direction." Both Protestants and. Roman Catholics are uniting in bringing such influence to bear upon legislatures in order that they may secure certain so-called reforms upon which they are mutually agreed, notably the Sunday-observance reform. In a recent movement in the Dominion of Canada it is reported that there was " passed the strict-est and most sweeping Sabbath law ever yet enacted by any nation, quite surpassing Australia." It is said of this movement in Canada that " all religious denominations united in this public demonstration, inclu-ding high dignitaries of the English Church as well as the Roman Catholic prelates." It will be interesting in this connection to observe the proportions that distinguished delegates at the great Inter-Church Federa-tion Conference, held last November in New York City, desired to see the move-ment reach. Justice Brewer said: " I long and hope for a federation closer than that adopted by this conference. Why should such men as Edward Everett Hale and Cardinal Gib-bons be excluded from such a federation as this? " Dr. Barnes said: " But there are other bodies which I for one should like to see have representatives. I would like to see the door opened to the Roman Cath-olics, who certainly believe enough." Dr. Roberts said: " The Roman Catholics are not excluded by the terms of the proposi-tion of federation." Dr. Greer remarked: " Our Catholic brethren, who are not with us (and I am sorry they are not) have something to teach us here, in teaching as they do the value and the need, not merely of a past but of a present incarnation." Dr. Mackay, referring to the scope of the federation, said: " Just because I am sure of the divinity of Christ, I am willing to federate with any one, be he Brahmin, Hindoo, or Hottentot, if he is willing to agree, however imperfectly, to the kingship of Christ." So then, we may yet expect to see a fed-eration that will not only reach out to the Roman Catholic power, but also include Brahmin, Hindoo, Hottentot, any one, every one, who will, " however imper-fectly." acknowledge " the kingship of 