LIBERTY (1057) 7 Civil government has no right to rec-ognize religious dogmas of any kind, but to see that equal rights and liberties are allowed to all, without question concern-ing religion. If any one is guilty of murder, theft, polygamy, or any evil which interferes with the rights of an-other, that person should be restrained and properly punished, and no argument that it was according to his religion should enter into the consideration of the government. A law compelling people to rest on Sunday, or on any other day, is an interference with their natural right to work or rest on that day. It works a hardship on those who choose to rest on another day. To exempt them from the penalty of the Sunday law does not obviate the injustice done them. To give them equal rights, it would be neces-sary that the law should not only exempt them but exempt all others who choose to do business with them or to labor for them; for to say, " You may keep open store, but the public shall not trade with you ; " " You may open your mill or fac-tory, but no one shall be permitted to labor for you," is but a cheap burlesque on justice and liberty. If one chooses to rest on Sunday, or on any other day, from religious or other motives, it is his right, and should be his privilege. His resting does not prevent another from working, neither does the work of some interfere with others' resting. Hence this is in no way a matter for legislation. When Mr. Tufts was contending for the passage of a Sunday-law bill in California, he said to a committee of legislators, " All we  want is our rights." The writer asked him what rights he referred to, what rights a Sunday law would give him which he did not possess without it. He and all others are at liberty to work or rest as they choose on Sunday with-out a Sunday law. What more could the law add to their rights already possessed? It could add nothing, absolutely nothing, while it would take from others who did not choose to rest on that day their liberty of choice. Therefore such a law would be unjust, uncivil, and unchristian. It is claimed that one day's rest in seven is a necessity, and if people will not take it of their own accord, they should be compelled to do so for the public good. It is true that every citizen owes a duty to the general public. There is a law of " eminent domain " by which a man's land is taken for streets that he does not want ; the water is taken from the farmer's spring to supply the public needs ; one's house is torn down to make way for a railroad, etc. But none of that man's property can be taken from him for the public good without full and complete compensation. We deny, and all history and experience proves the truth of our denial, that enforced idleness ever was for the public good. But if the public decides that it is for the public good, and so deprives a man of the use of his time for one day in the week,Š and time is the basis of all vines,Š then it follows in all equity and justice that the public should pay him for every minute of his time which he has been compelled to give up for the public good. San Diego, Cal. The Christian Sabbath L. A. SMITH WHILE enforced Sabbath observance is unchristian and un-American indepen-dently of the character of the day en-forced, it should certainly be of interest to the advocates of Sabbath legislation to know that they are working in behalf  of a day which is not the Christian Sab-bath, and which has no rightful place whatever in Christian worship. The Christian Sabbath can be none other than the seventh day of the week. It is admitted by all that the worship 