NATIONAL LEGISLATURE, MEXICO LIBERTY 23 what they are not, in order that they nay undermine governments and overrule the purposes of kings and legislators, such persons ought not to take offense at the form of the king's oath, designed simply to protect their government against the secret plottings of such an organization, especially in view of the fact that every bishop of the Catholic Church, before be- coming a bishop, must take an oath in which occur these words : Š Heretics, schismatics, and rebels to our said Lord [the Pope of Rome], or his aforesaid successors, I will to my utmost persecute and op-pose .Š Id., page 616. In that oath, from which we take this sentence, the bishop holds himself amenable to no per-son or power on earth in anything, save to the Pope of Rome, and promises to work only for the interests of the Holy See, and to obey, and cause all others to obey, all the decrees, ordi-nances, provisions, and mandates of the Pope. This oath was copied out of the original Latin by Dr. Isaac Barrow from the " Roman Pontificate, set out by order of Pope Clement VIII," page 59. After quoting the oath, Dr. Barrow remarks : " Such is the oath prescribed to bishops, the which is worth the most serious at-tention of all men who would under- stand how miserably slavish the condi-tion of the clergy is in that church, and how inconsistent their obligation to the Pope is with their duty to their prince." Were the members of the Roman Church in England working solely for the salvation of the souls of men, without  attempting to promote the temporal sov-ereignty of the Pope of Rome, there would be no occasion for the taking of such oaths as those of the bishops and the Jesuits, or of the counter oath for na-tional protection, which has been taken by the English kings from Reformation times. From the nature of these oaths also, it can readily be seen what would be the condition in England were the Catholic Church ever to gain control of the government. With Rome in full power in England and America, we might expect to see duplicated in these countries such scenes as those that occur in Rome annually on the Thursday of passion week, when the Bull in ccena domini is read in the hearing of the peo-ple. This bull consists of thirty-one sec-tions, describing different classes of ex-communicated persons. The following single section, which includes all Prot-estants, is a specimen of the whole: Š In the name of God Almighty, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and by the author-ity of the blessed Apostles, Peter and Paul, and by our own, we excommuni-cate and anathematize all Hussites, Wick-liffites, Lutherans, Zuinglians, Calvinists, Huguenots, Anabaptists, Trinitarians, and other apostates, from the faith; and 