      LIBERTY    Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof. Lev. 25 : 10.       Vol.. IV FIRST QUARTER, 1909 No.      Editorial To force the observance of any re-ligious ordinance is an invasion of the most sacred rights of men. CIVIL government has no jurisdiction whatever in the realm of conscience. The attempted exercise of authority in matters of faith is a flagrant usurpation of power. Ł ŁŁŁIŁŁ Ł IT is the purpose of the gospel to win souls for the kingdom of God. It is the province of the state to protect men in the exercise of their rights. The spheres are distinct, and their legitimate opera-tions do not conflict. THE Congress of the United States can rightfully exercise only such power as has been delegated to it in the Consti-tution. The makers of that famous in-strument purposely omitted from it any clause which authorizes Congress to enact any legislation which would bind the consciences of men. On the con-trary, it is expressly forbidden the exer-cise of any such power. Religious legis-lation is therefore a violation of the plain terms of the Constitution. A Condition Not a Theory IN considering religious liberty prin. ciples in this magazine, we are not con-ducting a mere academic discussion over improbable contingencies and remote pos-sibilities, but we are dealing with actual issues which we now face. The Federal Council of Churches, composed of thirty-one denominations, representing eighteen million communi-cants and over fifty million adherents, has placed itself on record as favoring such legislation as it deems necessary for the protection of the Sunday sabbath. Not satisfied with the various unions, alliances, and associations already formed for the purpose of urging Sunday laws, the advocates of compulsory Sabbath observance have now decided to organize an International Lord's Day Alliance modeled after the Lord's Day Alliance of Canada, which has been so successful in securing drastic legislation in behalf of Sunday observance. In keeping with this growing sentiment in favor of relig-ion by law, there have been introduced into the present Congress no fewer than ten bills which in one way or another make a distinction between Sunday and other days of the week for purely relig- 