LIBERTY 107 in not founding our government upon Christian principles. . . . We must have a strictly enforced civil sabbath, and the Bible taught in the public schools." The mistake, then, is to be corrected by enact-ing Sabbath laws and enforcing them. Dr. McGaw further declared: " We must have the civic sabbath, the Amer-ican sabbath ! No Sabbath, no God ; no God, no religion ; no religion, no con-science ; no conscience, no law nor order ; no law nor order, anarchy." These things are the things that will be taught at the conference. In this series of utterances the civic sabbath idea is revealed, and the religious feature of the legislation stands out in bold lines. It is a religious rest day they desire, and it is to be enforced upon all men by civil law, without regard to their sectarian ideas, or whether they  may be agnostics, deists, or atheists. Abraham Lincoln once said, " No ques-tion is settled until it is settled right." Sabbath legislation and all religious leg-islation have been settled by the Deity ; therefore, settled right. Note the follow-ing : " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Said he, " Render therefore unto ... God the things that are God's." The Sabbath, belonging to God, cannot rightfully be rendered to civil government. And for civil government to make such requirement is for it to put itself in the place of God and require of its subjects religious worship; for true Sabbath-keeping is worship, and is the final reason why it should be rendered only unto God. Man owes his religion to God, not to the state. Portland, Oregon. Some Christian Citizenship Arguments K. C. RUSSELL " CHRISTIAN citizenship " and " civil righteousness " are comparatively mod-ern terms, and are employed by the pro-moters of the National Reform and affil-iated movements in the vocabulary of their reformatory activities. It is significant to observe that the more unchristian a movement is in these times, the more men seek to label it Christian. That which is Christian, and Christian indeed, does not require la-beling as such, for it is proof in itself that it is genuine in character. The true Christian citizen is one who manifests in his character those noble and elevating Christian virtues which are seen in his relations with his fellow men. The idea of genuine Christian citizenship was clearly expressed by Justice Welch in his opinion before the supreme court of Ohio concerning the question of relig-ious instruction in the public schools, as follows : Š " Is not the very fact that those laws [laws made by a Christian people] do not attempt to enforce Christianity, or  to place it upon exceptional or vantage ground, itself a strong evidence that they are the laws of a Christian people? It is strong evidence that their religion is indeed a religion ' without partiality, and therefore a religion ' without hy-pocrisy.' True Christianity asks no aid from the sword of civil author-ity. It began without the sword, and wherever it has taken the sword, it has perished by the sword. To de-pend on civil authority for its enforce-ment is to acknowledge its own weak-ness, which it can never afford to do. Its weapons are moral and spiritual, not carnal. Armed with these, and these alone, it is not afraid nor ' ashamed,' and the very reason why it is not afraid nor ' ashamed ' is that it is not the power of man but the ' power of God ' on which it depends." From these statements it is plain that true Christian citizenship is seen in the fact that it does not attempt to enforce Christianity nor seek in any way to take advantage in matters of religion. This 