F 0 El 0 g  The Church Seeking Power El P . Testimony of a Judge E=0  0 1.1 HRISTIANITY being of a kingdom not of this world, can not be united with that of this world. 111 This is too plain a proposition to be denied, and 1-1 when the church descends to asking civil power to aid in its support there is something dangerously carnal in the purpose.  " The observers of the first day of the week as the Sabbath can ask no more for their religious convictions than can those who observe the seventh day. If the seventh day worshipers were to demand of government a forced observance of their ii day, those of the first day would look upon it as arid pre-sumption, and rightfully so, too; and so is the demand of the observers of the first day toward those of the seventh day, and a free government must so consider it.  ii 0 renders any without being compelled. The effort at Sunday " The church has always been seeking power and never sur- 0 laws at this time is but a stepping-stone to that which would be still more oppressive. Look at the case of a Mr. King of  Tennessee, a worshiper of the seventh-day school. He plowed a piece of land quietly on his own farm on Sunday, and Pharisees of the first-day school prosecuted him and obtained a convic- tion for that act and a fine of $75 imposed for it, and he was 111 111 [1 cast into prison. No one was molested by his work, but the old spirit of Puritanism indulged itself in that infamous pro-ceeding. No man identified with the law allowing such a con-viction, be he a priest or layman, juryman or judge, or legisla-tor, is worthy the enjoyment of the privileges of a free civil 11] government. It was hoped that Puritanism was dead in this country. But its spirit seems still to be among us, seeking its gratification in the meanest manner possible.  11 Thomas Barlow, in the Rome (N. Y.) Daily Sentinel, Jan- uary 111 church- member, nor be allowed to teach a common school."Š Judge office unless he was a " If the church had the power, every unbeliever would be outlawed; no one could hold an of 11 27, 1891. III 113 C 000 