The Russian Passport and Religious Liberty Two of the greatest nations of earth are now much exercised over the abro-gation of a treaty. That treaty was sup- posed to guarantee to citizens of either country, bearing passports, the right to enter the other country, for business or travel or residence, and be fully pro-tected in their rights as citizens. The two nations in question are Russia and the United States. Russian citizens have been coming freely into the United States, and, in harmony with the provi-sions of that treaty, have been receiving the protection of the laws even as citi-zens of the United States. But a certain class of American citizens, bearing American passports, have been turned back at the Russian frontier, the Russian government refusing them permission to enter its territory for any purpose what-ever. For years the American govern-ment has been protesting against this re-fusal of Russia to honor American pass-ports ; but Russia has been firm in her refusal to honor the passports of this certain class of American citizens. Where lies the difficulty, and upon what ground can Russia divide Amer-ican citizens into classes, admitting one class and turning back the other? The whole difficulty lies in the fact that in Russia there is a union of church and state. Russia has what some religious organizations are advocating that we should have in America Š a national re-ligion. The Greek Catholic Church is the church of the Russian nation; and government and people are both opposed to the religion of the Jew, and to the Jew because of his religion. It is Russia's refusal to recognize the principle of each individual's right to practise what religion he will, that has brought about the demand for the abrogation of the treaty. But such a position as Rus-sia takes, is the logical outcome of the 26 religion and state idea dominant there. In this controversy between the two nations we see exemplified on an inter-national scale the protest of an individual soul against the oppression of a persecu-ting church. The Russian government, on its side, is standing upon the principle that it is the right of a government to say what shall be the dominant religion in the nation, and to say what shall be the religion of the individuals who make up the nation, and to exclude from its do-mains any other religion than the ap-proved and established religion, and any individual possessing any such religion. The new Russian ambassador to the United States, in an interview published in the Washington Herald of Dec. 17, 1911, is reported as admitting it to be Russia's practise to exclude " mission-aries representing any of the Protestant faiths, and Catholic priests, excepting those desiring merely to travel. Those desiring to spread the faith which they hold are absolutely barred from entrance into Russia or residence there." This, he claims, Russia does, not on account of their religion, but because she classes them as " undesirables ; " but it is their religion that makes them " undesirables " in her eyes, and it is her union of religion and the state that makes it possible for her to put them into such a class. We have in this controversy a most unique spectacle. The American nation, which started its career as the guardian of the religious rights of its citizens, is now insisting that another nation shall recognize those same rights. The gov-ernment declared in its first public docu-ment that " all men are created equal," and that without any reference to relig-ion. It is now insisting that another nation shall recognize that same princi-ple, at least so far as American citizens are concerned. The Sulzer resolution, 