Is It "a  Union of Church and State"? By C. P. Bollman    SOME people think, and that not wholly without reason, that some of the acts and rulings of the War Department dur-ing the war with Germany and Austria-Hungary were such as to constitute " a union of church and state," and hence were " contrary to the Constitution." Perhaps the Baptists feel the most deeply aggrieved over this matter, as they were the most directly inconvenienced by the rulings of the Department and by orders issued under such rulings. The reason for this is found in the fact that of all the larger Protestant denomi-nations desiring to engage in denominational war work overseas, the Baptists alone held some distinctive doctrines that they could not in good conscience refrain from teaching. We remember, too, that quite early in Amer-ica's participation in the war a Baptist min-ister in Texas was somewhat curtly refused permission to hold religious services in one of the large camps in that State. There was some talk at the time of an appeal to the Secretary of War, and in case of necessity to the Presi-dent himself. So far as we are advised, how-ever, nothing was done. But in the July num-ber of Home and Foreign Fields (Nashville, Tenn.), Rev. B. D. Gray, D. D., corresponding secretary of the Southern Baptist Convention, reverts to the whole subject, styling what was done by the Government as " a union of church and state." Dr. Gray says in part: " We were exceedingly anxious to send a number of our strongest men overseas to do work on the battle front. We bad selected a number of our very best men who were anxious to go overseas with the boys, but the War De-partment declined to let us go, except under the direction of the Y. M. C. A. We, there-fore, were shut up to the work in the camps and cantonments at home. As things devel-oped it proved that this was the great field any way, as far greater religious opportunities were presented in the camps at home than was possible at the fighting front in Europe. " July 24, 1918, the War Department issued an order for the withdrawal of our camp pas-tors from the camps and cantonments. The only reason given for this order was the greatly increased number of chaplains who would, as the Third Assistant Secretary of War claimed, be able to provide ample religious services for Ile soldiers. " Since the Y. M. C. A., and the Catholics, through the Knights of Columbus, and the Jewish Welfare Workers, were allowed to stay within the camps, erecting their buildings, we believed it unjust and wrong for our camp pastors to be shut out from the camps. Ł . . " Scores and hundreds of the greatest preach-ers in the land were ready to give themselves 88  to this great work. The religious denominations through their various agencies were ready to seize the situation. The Y. M. C. A. on the inside of the camps was given the right to erect buildings and do religious as well as recreation work for the soldiers. The Knights of Columbus, representing the Roman Catho-lics, and the Jews, through their Jewish Wel-fare Board, were given similar privileges. Other denominations were left out or forced to do their work through or by permission of the Y. M. C. A. " The Y. M. C. A. did a great work in fur-nishing recreation and diversion on various lines. They desired to do the religious work. It would have been far better for them to have confined their plans to other activities, and have given the churches of the various denominations the religious work. Their recreational activi-ties and other lines of work overshadowed the religious work, and they largely 'queered' the religious work of the denominations be-cause of their well-known undenominational at-titude. . . . " Baptists, therefore, of all others, think they must propagate their own denominational and differentiating principles through their own or-ganizations. " The Liberty Church is a unique thing in ecclesiology, inaugurated in ordnance reserva-tions of the United States Government. It was begotten by the Joint Committee of the War-time Commission of the Federal Council of the Churches and the Home Missions Coun-cil in co-operation with the Young Men's Chris-tian Association, the Young Women's Christian Association, and the Ordnance Department of the, Government. " It is a strange medley. It is called a church, and then is not a church. It is de-fined by the Joint Committee as follows: " The Liberty Church is not, technically, a church, but a society, although for practical purposes it will be a church and will be con-sidered such by the community.' " The pastors of the Liberty Church are selected and directed by the Joint Committee. The religious denominations as such have no control over them. And no denominations can do any work in these reservations except by permission and under the direction of the Joint Committee, except the Roman Catholics. The United States Government through the Ord-nance Department is a party to this arrange-ment. The Government furnishes the houses and the expenses of lighting, heating, janitors' fee, without cost. They, moreover, furnish houses for the workers. Indeed, it is a union of church and state. " It is contrary to the provisions of the Constitution. The Government is helping to set up a system of religious work and doc-trine while it prohibits the free exercise of religion by the various denominations. It is said to be a tentative thing and used as a war 