22 0°72) LIBERTY claim : ' Who then art thou, vain dust and ashes,Š by whatsoever name thou art called, whether an emperor or a king, a bishop or a state, or anything else,Š that obtrudest thine insignificance between the soul of man and its Ma-ker ? ' "ŠPage 14. He also freely comments upon the re-sults which obtain when this liberty to worship is infringed upon by govern-ments : Š " All national religious establishments or churches established by law, have been a curse to mankind, and a pest to society. Vice and corruption in religion are en-couraged and upheld, and virtue lies de-pressed. If a man from a principle of duty would support a religion volun-tarily, by being compelled to do it he is prevented the opportunity of showing the virtue of his heart, and the influence of his example is lost. If his religion be different from that established by law, his conscience is bound, and he is pre-vented from supporting his own religion by taking away from him that which he would give to his own minister, for the support of those in whom he does not believe. Law religion will cause people to be hypocrites, but can not cure them  of error. A man must be convinced in his judgment, by evidence to his under-standing, before he is converted in his heart. To form articles of faith,' for people to subscribe to, under severe pen-alties, is not founded on common sense, nor on equitable principle. For it sup-poses people capable of believing without reason or evidence, which is contrary to the law of nature, and repugnant to natural justice. It creates broils, animosities, and contentions in society, and raises a domineering spirit in one, and a spirit of resentment and resist-ance in another."Š Pages 12-18. The truth of these statements is at-tested by history. Mr. Dow's statements are so axiomatic that they need only to be heard in order for their truth to be recognized. Because they are true, and so easily demonstrable, the organized persistent effort in our day to establish religion by law appears the more unrea-sonable and the more difficult to compre-hend. It is still true that history re-peats itself, and there is being repeated in our day a chapter of history whose perusal has tinged the cheek of every true Christian with the blush of shame. Takoma Park, D. C. Ł-.111111.-111  State Rule Over the Church Illustrating the Inconsistency of the Union of Religion and the State IT is a new principle, scarce a hundred years old, that the church shall be free of state control. It was put as an amend-ment into the Constitution of the United States as a condition of its adoption by the States, that religion should be free, but this did not prevent the separate States from supporting religion by pub-lic taxation, nor did it prevent religion necessarily having a certain control within the State. Now every State con-stitution follows the United States Con-stitution, and no law can be enacted that shall in any way control the action of a church. The most the courts can do is to determine what the ecclesiastical rule is in a case where property is involved. But this sensible and liberal rule of  separation of church and state is quite new. Jewish law knew nothing of it [But Jesus Christ knew of it and taught it.ŠED. LIBERTY.] , and the Christian church followed the Jewish precedent from the time of Constantine. In Ger-many the government appoints the pro-fessors in the theological seminaries, and in England the king is head of the church and appoints the bishops. In France, until within the last two or three years, the government, which was charged with being atheistic and ruled by Freema-sons, had the right to nominate all bish-ops to the pope, and no papal rescript could be promulgated without the con-sent of the government, which had the right to forbid a bishop to go to Rome. 