LIBERTY 7 A State Religion Advocated IN an editorial in the Christian States- man for January we find a statement of the National Reform view of state religion as follows: Š We do not want the state to do the work of the church. We simply want it to do its own work. The question then is, Has the state any religion of its own to teach ? ŠIt certainly has. It makes use of the doc-trine of a personal God in its use of the oath. The first day of the week is generally regarded as a dies non in the sphere of national life, and this custom is based on the Christian belief that it is sacred to the memory of our Lord, who rose from the dead on that day. We have numerous laws relating to morality, which all citizens should be acquainted with, since they are expected to observe them, and may lay themselves open to fine or imprisonment unless they do. The state, then, has a religion and a system of morality based upon it. The state, therefore, should teach its own religious princip'es and that system of morals which is founded upon it. This is vastly different from teaching sec-tarian religion. It infringes on no one's rights. In its published prospectus the Statesman declares that it is designed, among other things,Š to secure such an amendment to the Consti-tution of the United States as will declare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and to indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land. By putting these two paragraphs .to-gether, we can get a pretty clear idea of the National Reform conception of the relation between religion and the state. We deduce from them these conclusions : Š t. The state already has a religion. 2. There is, then, to this extent, a union of religion and the state in this country. 3. By the use of the oath the state com- mits itself to the doctrine of a personal God. 4. By making the first day of the week a dies non, it commits itself to the doctrine of Sunday sacredness and the resurrection of the dead. 5. Certain laws are designated as " re-lating to morality," but evidently intended to be understood as " relating to religion," and thus the state is held committed to morality based upon its religion. 6. Having, then, a religion and a mor-ality, the state should teach them. 7. The state religion is not a sectarian re'igion, and does not infringe on any one's rights. 8. This religion of the state should in-clude a declaration of allegiance to Jesus Christ. 9. It should include the acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion. 10. There should be a distinct recognition that this is a Christian nation by putting the nation's Christianity on " an undeniable legal basis." There are certain conclusions which will inevitably follow from this state re:igion platform of principles. Here are some of them : Š I. The state religion of this country is the Christian religion, and that interpreta-tion of the Christian religion which de-mands a belief in a personal God, in Jesus Christ and his resurrection from the dead, and in the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, as a day to be observed as the Lord's day. 2. Inasmuch as it does not infringe on the rights of any one for the state to teach the Christian religion, and this particular interpretation of that religion, it must fol-low that no one has any right to refuse to believe the Christian religion, and this par-ticular interpretation of that religion. 3. All the citizens of this country should be compelled to adopt the Christian re:ig-ion as the state religion by suitable amend-ment to the Constitution. 4. There should be formed the closest union between the Christian religion and the state, and the state should become the teacher and the defender of the Christian religion. 5. Those who do not acknow!edge the right of the state to define, teach, and en- force religion must of necessity be pun-ished, not because they are irreligious, but because they are rebellious citizens, guilty 