134 LIBERTY most serious obstacles which the Amer-ican system of education has had to en-counter and is now encountering in the Philippine Islands, is the suspicion of the native inhabitants that the school is to be used to undermine and destroy the faith of their children. That this sus-picion is wholly without foundation goes without saying; but the American teacher who fails to recognize that it is a factor to be reckoned with, and to conduct him-self accordingly, is a detriment to the service. . . . The first commandment of the insular government is : Respect all re-ligions, war with none, favor none, teach none. The failure to be neutral in re-ligious matters . . . not only seriously impairs his usefulness and efficiency as a teacher, but also hampers the adminis-tration in its work of maintaining good relations 'with the people of the islands, and serves to discredit its frequently an-nounced policy of non-interference in purely religious matters.' " In returning the above paper, the civil governor, among other things, said:Š "'We occupy a peculiar position in this country in the teaching in public schools, which grows out of the fact that most people in the islands are Catholics, and have been used to the close union of religious and secular instruction. The priests and many of the people are natu-rally suspicious that the introduction of the new system bodes no good for the orthodox religion. If, now, agents of the government, in carrying on its schools, manifest opinions which are adverse and hostile either to the church, to their min-isters, or to their religious methods of in-struction, they disable themselves from performing the duties which they are em-ployed and paid to perform, and much in-terfere with their powers for usefulness. The question whether the Bible shall be freely read by the young and the old without the assistance of ministers or others who can explain its texts, is a question upon which churches have dif-fered : and whatever may be thought of it, it is not for the teachers in public  schools in this Catholic country either to encourage the study of the Bible Š es-pecially the. Protestant Bible Š among their pupils or to say to those pupils any-thing upon the subject.' " In deciding upon a similar case, it was held by the Secretary of Public In-struction in June, 1904, that : Š " In view of the intimate personal re-lation of a teacher to his pupils, no re-ligious instruction of any nature should be given by him at any time, even outside of the schoolroom.' " It is not believed that anything fur-ther can be added to make more clear the attitude of the department and of the administration on this point. The above excerpts are published for the in-formation and guidance of all teachers. " DAVID P. BARROWS, Director." The carrying out of this order would forbid entirely the Protestant instructor from teaching or even mentioning his religious belief at any time to any pupil attending school in the district covered by this circular. It was because of this prohibition that a large number of Amer-ican citizens have been protesting against it. The following letter, addressed to President Taft by the Presbyterian Synod of Michigan, may be given as an example of these protests : Š " 135 ENGLEWOOD AVE., DETROIT, MICH., Oct. 18, 1911. " To the Honorable William H. Taft, President of the United States. " The synod of. Michigan, representing nearly forty thousand communicants, in session at Woodward Avenue Presbyte-rian church of Detroit, Mich., Oct. 13, 1911, adopted by unanimous vote the fol-lowing resolutions : Š " Resolved, That the Presbyterian Church in Michigan, as represented in this synod, earnestly protest against the action of the federal government in re-quiring from the teachers in the public schools in the Philippine Islands, that they maintain absolute silence, at all times, after school hours as well as dur-ing the same. on Sabbath days as well as other days, as regards Protestantism and 