LIBERTY 11 the union. The union firms threatened to close up the entire fish industry at Gloucester if the council did not compel the non-union firm to cease work on Sunday. The ministerial union of Savannah, Ga., has undertaken to compel the ces-sation of target practise by the local mili-tary companies. In Canada The L'ord's Day Alliance of Quebec and Montreal held their annual meetings in Montreal on November 20. The re-port of the Quebec secretary shows that Catholic priests and bishops, Protestant clergymen, labor-unions, and other in-stitutions and societies are standing to-gether to prohibit Sunday labor. The association is sending out half a million pages of literature each month in the in-terest of compulsory Sunday rest. The secretary is hopeful of seeing a com-plete enforcement of the Canadian Lord's Day Act throughout Quebec. The alliance finds its greatest success in working with local town councils and in cooperating with Catholic priests in the enforcement of Sunday observance. It considers that it " has made sure of the recognition of the Lord's Day Act in every province of the Dominion." The alliance proposes to take immediate steps to insure that the railroads of the Dominion shall " not undertake unneces-sary work on Sunday." In France The revolt against the. Catholic Church in France, unfortunately, is not turning the people to Christianity. The only type of Christianity they have known is Roman Catholicism, and having found that utterly wanting, they have concluded that Christianity itself is worthless. So they have turned to infidelity because  that stands for nothing. That is the sor-rowful penalty which a people pays who permits one religion to make itself the religion of the state, and exclude all oth-ers. Portugal is paying the same pen-alty, and so are Italy and Spain, and so are the nations of South America. So is any nation bound to do that adopts a national religion. It is publicly de-clared that France is turning from Ca-tholicism to paganism. In the school text-books the Roman Catholic faith is vehemently and scornfully attacked, and Christianity in general is disparaged, and made difficult of acceptance by the schoolchildren. The name of God has been eliminated from the. text-books ; the faith of a Christian is denounced and de-rided; the standard of unbelief is un-furled; and reason, science, and self-in-terest are exalted in the place of Christ. Through what the Roman Church and state-churchism have done for France, that country has become a more difficult field for real gospel work than the dark-est fields of Africa and Asia. In Spain The Spanish government has issued a decree expelling from the normal schools of Huesca and the Balearic Islands the teaching nuns who have been the in-structors of the public-school teachers. It was not merely a matter of permitting these teachers to wear a distinctive relig-ious garb, as in some of the Indian schools of the United States; but of be-ing there at all, with or without the re-ligious garb. Spain has learned that the secret of her backwardness lies in the control of the Spanish mind by the Ro-man Church, and that that control is due very largely to the control and education of the children by the members of the religious orders. C. M. S. 