154 -  LIBERTY Democratic Party Champions a Free Press It became one of the most prominent points of attack upon the existing admin-istration " (Whig), says Judge Story, in his " History of the Constitution," " and has continued, down to this very day [1833], to be a theme of reproach with many of those who have since succeeded to power."Š Book 4, chap. 44. Though the law was passed, it was met with op- writing on the wall, and note the parallel between the present effort to abridge the freedom of the press and that of the days of the Sedition Law? The citizens of this great country are not willing that such a bill as that introduced into Con-gress by Mr. Fitzgerald or that by Mr. Gallivan shall ever become a law. They have not entirely repudiated their liber-ties as yet. The views which have been Copyright Underwood & Underwood. New York SCENES OF THE GREAT GERMAN ADVANCE ON LIBAU, RUSSIA The German troops as they appeared in their river barges when they crossed the river Memel on the way to Libau. position from every quarter. Common and supreme courts gave decision on both sides of the controversy. State legis-latures passed resolution for and against the measure. But the people refused to acquiesce in this manifest disregard of fundamental law. Scores of petitions signed by thousands of citizens poured in upon Congress from all over the coun-try. The opposition finally became so strong that it " was the leading cause of the great political revolution which, in i8or, brought the Republican party [now the Democratic] with Mr. Jefferson at its head, into power."ŠSenate Report, 1836. Will our legislators interpret the hand- expressed by hundreds of newspapers and magazines and thousands of Amer-ican citizens, lead us to believe that any party that lends its influence to the pas-sage of such laws will suffer the dis-pleasure of true American citizens. A Time to Halt In 1835 the freedom of the press was again attacked. Even the President of the United States recommended the pas-sage of a law that would keep certain literature out of the mails. In the dis-cussion of the bill it was suggested by some that the President's party should stand by him and his views. The reply 