0,80 48 LIBERTY LIBERTY A Magazine of Religious Freedom Set for the Defense of the Rights of Conscience, and therefore opposed to a Union of Church and State in name or in fact WASHINGTON, D. C., FOURTH QUARTER, 1909 Subscription price - 25 cents a year To foreign countries 35 4t fif Organ of the Religious Liberty Association Published Quarterly by REVIEW CO. HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. C. M. SNOW EDITOR W. A. COLCORD K. C. RUSSELL - - ASSOCIATE EDITORS  Editorial Contributors: W. W. Prescott, W. A. Spicer, G. B. Thompson, A. J. S. Bourdeau, B. G. Wilkinson (Washington, D. C.); L. A. Smith, C. P. Bollman, P. T. Magan, S. B. Horton (Tennessee); J. 0. Corliss, W. M. Healey (California); E. T. Russell, J. S. Wightman (Nebraska); C. S. Long-acre (Massachusetts); J. G. Lamson (Minnesota); W. T. Bartlett (England); Jean Vuilleumier (France); A. W. Anderson (Australia); E. W. Thomann (Chile); E. F. Forga (Peru). Entered as second-class matter, May 1, 1906, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. POWER is the church's need; but it is not that power from whose embraces she " fled into the wilderness " centuries ago. It is a strange anomaly that the church to-day is seeking union with the same power from which she then fled Š the power of the state. The church that appeals to the state for aid is the church that turns her back upon the Bible. THIS issue of LIBERTY contains the re-ports of the arrest and trial of conscien-tious Christian people in two different States for alleged violations of Sunday laws. That the accused Christians are not now lying in jail with common crim-inals, or working in the " chain-gang," manacled with ball and chain, is not be-cause the Sunday law or its advocates would not put them there, but because in the one case a jury's sense of justice stood in the way, and in the other case the accuser failed to appear. Wherever a Sunday law or any other religious law is passed, a malicious machine is put into the hands of prejudiced individuals to be used whenever they will, to harry con-scientious men and women who do not  believe and worship as they do. All such laws are relics of the pagan idea that re-ligion can be regulated by human law, and faith be enforced by threats against life or liberty. Jesus taught the better way. THE editors and publishers of LIBERTY wish to thank the faithful workers throughout the field whose valiant efforts made possible the circulation of sixty-three thousand copies of our last issue. Without their help it would have been impossible to make this splendid show-ing. We earnestly hope that every agent who handled any of the last issue will make a special effort with this. If all will do so, seventy-five thousand copies of this issue will reach the people. THE presidency of the United States is an important position, and one impos-sible to occupy without criticism. The President must constantly remember that he is not a President of Unitarians or Methodists or Presbyterians or Congre-gationalists, but of citizens of the United States. If the people also would remem-ber that, it would very often save them from unjustly criticizing their chief ex-ecutive. He is President of the whole people, of Catholics and Mormons as well as of Methodists and Episcopalians Š not because they are Catholics or Mormons, but absolutely without regard to their re-ligious affiliations. If they are citizens, he is their President as well as the President of the others. His oath of office com-pels him to deal with citizens as citizens, not as members of sects. This nation, be it said to its honor, has not established any religion; but very often the zealous advocate of some denomination speaks, writes, and acts as if it had, and as if the President ought to discriminate be-tween denominations. This lapse of memory or lack of knowledge accounts for the severe criticism of Mr. Taft for speaking recently in the Mormon Taber-nacle. From a denominational point of view we might wish he had not done so ; but from the point of view of citizens of the United States, we have no more claim upon the President than have they. 