Ł .4.* Ł Ł Ł Ł ***** Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł 4 The celebrated Lord Chatham,' speaking of the members of our first general Congress, gives them this very remarkable testimony:Š " I must declare and vow that in all my reading and observation for solidity of reasoning, force of sa-gacity, and wisdom of conclusion, no nation, or body of men can stand in preference to the general Congress at Philadelphia."---" Pa 'riot Preachers," page ;02 Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł ŁŁ 130 LIBERTY treason against the Raman Empire." The result was a whole'ale slaughter of the Christians by pagan Rome on the charge of high treason. Rome did not call it persecution, but an enforcement of " the Roman law." The chief argu-ment of the Roman officials %vas that the dignity of the Roman la w had to be maintained or the Roman government would fall. But five centuries of this kind of rule proved to be the very means which caused the fall of pagan Rome. Papal Rome succeeded, a n d ruled after the same manner for over twelve cen-turies, a n d then her o w n oppres-sive rule proved to be the means of her humiliation and the loss of her temporal power. Recently the editor was called upon to assist in the "defenseof a Sabbatarian who was convicted and fined before a court for working on Sunday on his own farm, in a field behind the forests, three and one-half miles from a public build- ing or public road. This man, who was convicted and fined by the court for Sun-day labor, had rested upon the seventh day of the week in harmony with the di-vine command in the decalogue. The prosecuting attorney-general of the State addressed the jury as follows:Š Gentlemen of the jury, you have taken oath of office to enforce the law. It is not what the accused may believe with reference to the observance of the Sab-bath ; if the law has fixed a day to be observed by the people of the land, then it is obligatory on the people. . . . It is necessary and proper that the Sun-day sabbath should be uniformly ob-served by the whole community at the same time. Our law has fixed upon the Christian sabbath, or Sunday, as a day  upon which the common avocations o life should be suspended. You heard it fall from his own lips that he keeps sacred that day that he be-lieves should be observed. and he does not work on that day at all. The law says you can observe that day if you want to, but you must also observe Sun-day. The law says if you want to ob-serve Saturday, observe it: and you have a right to. But the statute has seen fit to make the first day of the week the sabbath, and commands that that day be observed. 0 b -serve your Satur-day if you want to, but you have got to observe the first day of t h e week also. Is not this rea-.oning according to the logic of pa-gan Rome when it reasoned thus with the early Chris- tians: You can worship Christ, but our law says you must also worship Caesar " The judge, in charging the jury, said: " The SuiRlay law says that if the ac-cused conscientiously believes in observ-ing and does observe Saturday rather than the first day as the Sabbath, he. as a citizen of the State, is bound by the lew to also observe Sunday, and vet is not precluded from observing his own Sabbath." But this was Rome's argu-ment when it persecuted the primitive Christians for refusing to worship Caesar and the gods of Rome set apart by civil statute. " I heard my friend say ' persecu-tion,' " continued the attorney-general in his argument to the jury. " I am too happy, too glad, that I am living today to persecute anybody. That old word persecution was used way back yonder. That's got nothing to do with this case. because the law says if he does a certain thing it is a violation of the law." But 