A Symposium on Liberty The love of liberty with life is given. Š Dryden. ETERNAL vigilance is the price of lib-erty.Š Curran. Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.Š Paul. Liberty is from God; liberties from the devil.Š Auerbach. Liberty is not the right of one, but of all.Š Herbert Spencer. Whether in chains or in laurels, liberty knows nothing but victories.Š Wendell Phillips. So speak ye, and so do, as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty.ŠEpistle of James. By the law of God, given by him to hu-manity, men are free, are brothers, and are equals.Š Mazzini. Where slavery is, there liberty cannot be ; and where liberty is, there slavery cannot be.Š Charles Sumner. To have liberty, without the power of using it for worthy ends, is a curse, not a blessing.Š Bishop J. L. Spalding. Proclaim liberty throughout the land unto all the inhabitants thereof.Š In-scription on Liberty Bell. Lev. 25: ro. I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.Š Jeffer-son. Give me liberty to know, to think, to believe, and to utter freely according to conscience, above all other liberties.ŠMilton. Our fathers brought forth upon this continent a new nation, conceived in lib-erty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.Š Lincoln. To have freedom is only to have that which is absolutely necessary to enable us to be what we ought to be, and to possess what we ought to possess.ŠRahel. 134 God grants liberty only to those who live it, and are always ready to guard and defend it.Š Daniel Webster. If you would achieve undying fame, at-tach yourself to the most unpopular right-eous cause.Š George William Curtis. They that can give up essential lib-erty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.ŠBen-jamin Franklin. It is not the disease, but the physician ; it is the pernicious hand of government alone which can reduce a whole people to despair.Š Junius. Liberty ! Equality ! Fraternity ! There is nothing to add, nothing to retrench. They are the three steps of the supreme ladder. Liberty is right ; equality is fact ; fraternity is duty. All the man is there.Š Victor Hugo. Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to he purchased at the price of chains and slavery ? Forbid it, Almighty God ! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty or give me death.Š Patrick Henry. We hold these truths to be self-evi-dent: That all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, and that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.Š Jefferson. No free government or the blessings of liberty can be preserved to any people but by a firm adherence to justice, mod-eration, temperance, frugality, and vir-tue, and by a frequent recurrence to fun-damental principles.Š Patrick Henry. Freedom is the power by which man can do what does not interfere with the rights of another; its basis is nature; its standard is justice; its protection is law; its moral boundary is the maxim, Do not unto others what you do not wish they should do unto you.Š French Constitu-tion (r793). 