UNIVERSITY OF UTAH, FOUNDED 1850, J. T. KINGSBURY, PH. D., PRESIDENT 20 LIBERTY golden rule? Is it likely to forward the interests of that religion of love, best exemplified by the One who went about doing good ? I should be reluctant to bring a harsh accusation against the well-meaning men and women who lend them-selves to the various organized efforts to enforce outward conformity to what they believe to be the will of God ; but it would seem to me that labor could not be ex-pended in a more fruitless way. It is an old saying that we can not make men good by act of parliament. Neither can boys and girls be legislated into the king-dom. Is it not the goodness of God that leadeth men to repentance? Then how much better, also, that the love of their fellow men should win them. for Christ ! One difficulty with this compelling of men's consciences is that it requires for its proper carrying out the whole of that enormous organization known as the Holy Inquisition. The reason is obvious. Religion is a thing of the heart and the conscience, and it can not be dealt with, even in a tentative way, without some means of getting below the surface. The Puritans, as we know, did do some perse-cuting; but they were very clumsy, to say the least ; they had not the proper means for really, getting at the bottom of things. Nothing less than the Holy Office itself could serve the purpose. We know the records of that institution. We know what acts of fiendish cruelty men of flesh and blood like ourselves were capable of performing when face to face with the business of compelling men's consciences. Have we not had enough of such experi-ences? Is it not enough that in the Dark  Ages alone men calling themselves Chris-tians, followers of Jesus of Nazareth, actually shed more Christian blood by far than has been shed by the heathen of all time? May we not hope that the Christian school-teacher, and all other Christians in this favored land of ours, will rejoice that in the United States Christianity itself and its various ordinances and observ-ances, are wholly independent of govern-ment support? Church and state are separate to an extent that is probably the case in no other government; conse-quently, this has been a place of refuge for the persecuted of many other lands. But if in this country Chris-tians undertake to pro-duce that outward con= I ormity to what they believe to be God's laws, the evil results which have followed elsewhere will surely be reaped in this country. If we sow the wind, as they did, we, too, shall reap the whirlwind. Washington, D. C. A Root of Bitterness in England Educational Difficulties Intensified by Demand for Religious Instruction in the Public Schools W. T. BARTLETT IT is a subject of frequent lamentation in England among those interested in the cause of religion that there is a growing gulf to-day between the people and the churches. Here and there a minister of the gospel succeeds in building up or maintaining a congregation, but in the great majority of cases there is a notable decline in church attendance. In the be-lief of not a few, this state of things is appreciably due to the disgust of the average man over the wrangling that has gone on for several years between the different sections of the church over the religious education of the young in the public schools. 