48 LIBERTY Prohibitory Amendment Proposed NOTWITHSTANDING other questions of absorbing interest demanding the atten-tion of the Sixty-fourth Congress, the question of national prohibition will claim and receive due consideration. The first steps have been taken to that end, as is witnessed by the following: Š SIXTY-FOURTH CONGRESS First Session S. J. RES. 3o. IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES Dec. 7, 1915 Mr. Sheppard submitted the following reso-lution, which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. JOINT RESOLUTION For submission of a Constitutional amend- ment for prohibition to the consid- eration of the States Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of Amer-ica in Congress assembled (two thirds of each house concurring therein), That the SENATOR SHEPPARD OF TEXAS, AUTHOR OF THE PROPOSED AMENDMENT  following amendment to the Constitution be, and hereby is, proposed to the States, to become valid as a part of the Constitu-tion when ratified by the legislatures of the several States as provided by the Constitu-tion: Š " ARTICLE Š " Section 1.Š That the sale, manufacture for sale, transportation for sale, importation for sale, of intoxicating liquors for beverage purposes in the United States and all ter-ritory subject to the jurisdiction thereof, and exportation for sale thereof, are for-ever prohibited. " Sec. 2.ŠThat the Congress or the States shall have power independently or concur-rently to enforce this article by all needful legislation." It will be recalled that a joint resolu-tion to the same intent, introduced into the Sixty-third Congress by Captain Hobson, while coming short of the nec-essary two thirds, received a majority in each house. Friends of the Sheppard amendment feel confident that it will not only receive the necessary two-thirds vote of both branches of Congress, but that it will be ratified by three fourths of the States, and so become a part of the fed-eral Constitution. It seems almost cer-tain that, once submitted to the several States, its adoption will be merely a question of time; and it is confidently believed that the time will not be long. Where Demon Rum Is Intrenched THE trustees of Sailors' Snug Harbor, the valuable ten New York City blocks extending from Eighth to Eleventh Streets, and from Third Avenue to Uni-versity Place, have announced their in-tention to close out all saloon leases as fast as they expire. This action will not immediately create that much dry terri-tory in New York, howeVer, for there are many long-term ground leases to be considered, and on such property there are buildings erected by the lessees in which liquor is sold, and no change can he made during the life of these ground leases.Š The Christian Herald. 