Religion and Science The Creation Week MRS. E. G. WHITE " BY the word of the Lord were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth." " For he spake, and it was done ; he commanded, and it stood fast." The Bible recognizes no long ages in which the earth was slowly evolved from chaos. Of each successive day of creation, the sacred record declares that it consisted of the evening and the morning, like all other days that have followed. At the close of each day is given the result of the Creator's work. The statement is made at the close of the first week's record, " These are the generations of the heav-ens and of the earth when they were created." But this does not convey the idea that the days of creation were other than literal days. Each day was called a generation, because in it God generated, or produced, some new por-tion of his work. Geologists claim to find evidence from the earth itself that it is very much older than the Mosaic record teaches. Bones of men and animals, as well as instru-ments of warfare, petrified trees, etc., much larger than any that now exist, or that have existed for thousands of years, have been discovered, and from this it is inferred that the earth was populated long before the time brought to view in the record of creation, and by a race of beings vastly superior in size to any men now living. Such rea-soning has led many professed Bible believers to adopt the position that the days of creation were vast, indefinite periods. But apart from Bible history, geology can prove nothing. Those who reason so confidently upon its discoveries, have no adequate conception of the size of men, animals, and trees before the flood, or of the great changes which then took place. Relics found in the earth do give  evidence of conditions differing in many respects from the present; but the time when these conditions existed can be learned only from the Inspired Record. In the history of the flood, Inspiration has explained that which geology alone could never fathom. In the days of Noah, men, animals, and trees, many times larger than now exist, were buried, and thus preserved as an evidence to later generations that the antediluvians perished by a flood. God designed that the discovery of these things should es-tablish faith in inspired history; but men, with their vain reasoning, fall into the same error as did the people before the flood,Š the things which God gave them as a benefit, they turn into a curse by making a wrong use of them. It is one of Satan's devices to lead the people to accept the fables of infi-delity; for he can thus obscure the law of God, in itself very plain, and em-bolden men to rebel against the divine government. His efforts are especially directed against.  the fourth command-ment, because it so clearly points to the living God, the Maker of the heavens and the earth. There is a constant effort made to explain the work of creation as the result of natural causes ; and human reasoning is accepted even by professed Christians, in opposition to plain Scripture facts. There are many who oppose the investigation of the proph-ecies, especially those of Daniel and the Revelation, declaring them to be so ob-scure that we can not understand them; yet these very persons eagerly receive the suppositions of geologists, in contra-diction of the Mosaic record. But if that which God has revealed is so diffi-cult to understand, how inconsistent it is to accept mere suppositions in regard to that which he has not revealed ! " The secret things belong unto the Lord our God : but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our 