LIBERTY 53 fornia needs, what the whole United States and the world need, is not Sunday laws, nor the legal enforcement of any religious or moral dogma whatever, but the converting power of the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ in the hearts of individuals. And until this has been brought about, no moral reform will ever be effective. There may be spasmodic attempts that seem to promise great things, like the Men and Religion Forward Movement ; but without the moral sentiment in the  heart at the back of it, it will sooner or later go down, and men's consciences will be harder than before, and less easily reached. Let all the readers of this journal take home into the heart the great lesson : God only can make men moral, truly religious, pious, devoted ; civil law can make only hypocrites of men when it compels them to do what is out of har-mony with their conscience and contrary to their belief. Mountain View, Cal. California and the Sunday Law W. M. HEALEY NATURE has bestowed her gifts upon California with a lavish hand; and na- ture's liberality seems to have produced a like condition in the spirit of the peo-ple. The population is cosmopolitan, com-ing from every nation and clime, repre-senting all stages of wealth and poverty, and holding every kind of belief and non-- belief in religion. These people mingle together with a general recognition of one another's rights, not merely with a spirit of toleration and sufferance for one another's views. There are classes and orders of society, to be sure, but there is no caste. Many a millionaire would stop and give a civil answer to a civil question from a ragpicker on the street, and never think it beneath his dignity to do so. California was for years, before the admission of Arizona, the only State in the Union that was without any form of religious laws. No religious form or precept is enforced, and yet all forms of worship are protected. The maximum penalty for disturbing any religious meet-ing, on any day of the week, is a fine of five hundred dollars and six months in jail. Since 1883 the State has had no Sun-day-rest law, although Sunday is made a legal holiday. The question of the repeal  of the Sunday-rest law was made a test in the election of 1882. About forty-one thousand votes showed the majority in favor of the repeal. Since then the dis-position to maintain perfect freedom in religious matters has prevailed in every session of the State legislature. There are those in the State who have sought, by every means in their power, to obtain a Sunday-rest law. They have dressed their proposed laws in varied styles according to the character of the class to which they were to be presented. For certain religious people the proposed laws wore the somber garb of " a Puritan sabbath," and claimed to be essential to the preservation of the Christian religion. To the non-religious laboring man they have been presented in the loose, easy-fitting dress of " merely a day of rest for the laboring man, not religious at all." They have even been presented by the ministry attired in the fantastic argu-ment that saloon-keepers need a Sunday-rest law, and that theatrical performers should be obliged to rest on Sunday (that they may be able to do better work ?). The State now has a law allowing all laborers one day of rest in each seven, one clause of which reads, " And it shall be unlawful for any employer of labor to cause his employees, or any of them, to 