rymli.0.4Ł=4".Ł1143.1111Ł043.11.04M11,0041MIKﬂ o}or- TEMPERANCE 40ﬂ0.1004111.01MŁ1.01M0.ŁŁŁ0111.=1111.41.1=9.ill.M.0.1.1  Human Rights and the American Saloon THE EDITOR ROBESPIERRE correctly defined the meaning of liberty when he said, " Its rule is justice; its limits are the rights of others ; its principles are drawn from na-ture itself ; its protector is the law." Measured by this standard of liberty, the American saloon is the greatest enemy of freedom. Instead of aiming to do justice to others, it ruthlessly blasts all that is truly noble and grand in man ; it defies all legal barriers of restraint, and breaks down the strongest bulwarks of the nation by leaving nothing but depleted manhood and womanhood in its trail. Its only product is every conceiv-able form of crime, debauchery, misery, sorrow, disgrace, pauperism, immorality, hopeless wretchedness, and ruin. The liquor men argue that it is in har-mony with the laws of nature to drink. But nature, without human intervention, also supplies the drink in harmony with its own laws. That drink is pure water and the unfermented juice of fruit. All alcoholic and intoxicating drinks are against nature. The moment they are in-troduced into the human system, the laws of nature are violently disturbed, and nature puts up an emphatic protest. The bloodshot eye, the bleared vision, the staggering step, the dethroned reason, and the stammering tongue are a mighty protest of nature against such treatment of the human mechanism. For this rea- son the liquor traffic, like the slave traffic, which was contrary to nature, is bound to be eliminated finally. The principles of liberty are drawn from nature, and are in harmony with na- ture. Therefore the liquor men who are working against the laws of nature have no logical ground upon which to build the plea that the legal prohibition of the  promiscuous sale of intoxicating and alcoholic beverages is an infringement upon the principles of liberty. Rum is ashamed of its finished product. All legitimate enterprises court publicity as a means of advertising their products. But the liquor traffic agencies are terribly opposed to any disclosures of their un-holy business methods, the evils of the wine room, and the final products of the saloon. The proprietors and devotees of the sa-loon admit that its tendencies toward evil and crime are so great that the business needs government regulation. That very admission on the part of the' iquor men ought to close their mouths forever in opposition to government prohibition. When they admit that their business is of such a character that it necessitates government regulation, they must ad-mit that the government has a legiti-mate right to regulate it as it deems best in its own judgment. If the resultant evils are so great that the government feels justified in prohibiting the promis-cuous liquor traffic altogether, the liquor men who admitted that the government had a right to regulate it cannot then plead that their personal liberty is inter-fered with under the government regu-lation of national prohibition. The natural rights of man are not sub-servient to any constitution or govern-ment. The government does not create nor regulate them, but protects them. These rights are God-given and are inher-ent in every man. Governments are in-stituted to secure, foster, and protect the inalienable rights of man, but never to regulate or prohibit them. When we admit that the government has a right to regulate and contravene 43 