Polish Pogroms and Medievalism LIBERTY 93 stantine demanded of him that he reply to ac-cusations, (1) that he had censured the em-peror, (2) that he had condemned the council, and (3) that he held heretical views on certain questions under consideration. In response to this command the learned presbyter is repre-sented to have made the following remarkable statement in the presence of the emperor, in which he set forth clearly his attitude toward the council, and the great question involved therein; namely, the union of church and state. While this " speech " is historical fiction, the truth of God on this vital question is stated therein with great clearness, as follows: " By the command of Augustus I answer that I have not censured the emperor, nor condemned the council. As to my being a heretic, I only reply that, if this thing be true, it is no con-cern of the emperor's, who bath never been or-dained to be the keeper of my conscience. It is an affair entirely between the Master ŠChrist Š and his servant Arius. For ye all do know that there is no Roman law prescrib-ing what we must believe or disbelieve, since the persecutors lost power to enforce obedience to their laws prescribing faith in false gods, by the infliction of tortures and death, against those who for conscience' sake refused to obey. But ye know that neither Jesus nor his apostles ever denounced, nor authorized any human be-ing to denounce, a temporal penalty for heresy; for the church only prescribes that ye should refuse to fellowship the obdurate heretic, or disobedient person; and I trust you far enough to believe that if any pagan emperor, or any human authority, should enact laws requiring you to believe, or to do, anything contrary to good conscience, ye would be faithful Christians enough to refuse obedience to such laws, as our fathers from the beginning have gloriously done. For this is a matter between each man and his God only; not between him and the government which exercises dominion over him. X By H.1-B. Mayer THE recent thefts, abuses, and murders di-rected against the Jews of Poland bring again to mind the flaring fire of religious hatred and anti-Semitic demonstrations of Russia, and other parts of Europe during the Middle Ages, when mobs headed by bigoted priest and re-ligious zealot, went forth with torch and sword, ravaging the ghettos. In the early centuries the Jews were perse-cuted and killed because they were considered guilty of the death of Christ. It was thought an act of justice pleasing to God to torture '" This the church hath held from the begin-ning; and when the heathen laws did prescribe that ye who are here assembled should do and believe things contrary to Christ and to con-science, ye did refuse, so that every bishop here, except those eleven who come from the re-motest East, hath endured tortures rather than obey the human laws. If, therefore, I be a heretic, as brother Marcellus of Ancyra ig-norantly supposeth, what have the empire or its laws to do with that? Why speak ye of orthodoxy, or of heterodoxy, in a great royal, political assembly like this; unless, perhaps, some of ye are willing to believe that the great and powerful emperor is also a god, having charge of your faith and conscience, as well as of your political condition; so that what the law of Constantine shall prescribe as right to be believed and done shall be your rule of faith and practice, and not what our Lord Christ bath prescribed? " For me, a poor presbyter of the Christian church, to assume the right to deliberate upon and prescribe laws for the empire would be gross impudence and arrogance; for any hu-man authority to usurp the right to make laws controlling the faith of Christ's church, would be as gross a sacrilege. Was Constantine cru-cified for you? Or were ye baptized into his name? And do ye hope for salvation by faith in and obedience to him? I was not. " I have come, therefore, hither in obedience to the imperial mandate, and have spoken by the emperor's command. As to the empire, I have no authority and no desire to make laws for it; as to my Christian faith, no man nor angel hath right or power to meddle therewith, or to prescribe laws for it. It is a thing be-tween my soul and its Saviour, whom I have served all my life long in spite of imperial laws, and whom I will continue to serve, no matter what laws may be enacted. Brethren, will ye do likewise? or will ye now deny the Christ? " Š" Arius the Libyan," pp. 327-329. New York: D. Appleton and Company, 1893. a Jew. Today the reason offered is that they are political offenders Š rev-olutionists, Bolshevists, undesirable citizens. But X the motive back of it is the same Š religious ha-tred, anti-Semitism. In the past the bitter-est persecution had its source in the attempt of the church to run the affairs of state, and say what a citizen should believe and not be-lieve, enforcing its demands by the supposedly divine right of the church to correct heretics. The days of medieval darkness are not yet past, for we behold in this enlightened age Šand by a country that has herself just received political freedom Š the severest kind of perse-cution against the Jewish people. This is hardly conceivable, and yet when we remember that for generations this hatred of 