28 LIBERTY In other words, it would not be neces-sary for every sect to have its own in-structors, but several sects could have the same instructors. " Still another thing that might be done would be to give part of the public funds to the parochial schools, though this would be scarcely practicable at present. " The whole point of the situation is that spirituality, the greatest of forces for the upbuilding of men and women, is being excluded because of the desire of the government to be entirely neutral as between the various denominations.  serious thought to such matters that they are unable to detect the weaknesses Švital and serious as they are Š in such an argument. The judge proceeds upon the unex-pressed supposition that the schoolroom is the place above all others where spir-itual instruction should be given. It is to be readily granted that to have the highest possible spirituality inculcated in the children during the school age is a consummation devoutly to be desired, but every one can see that this can be secured only by having teachers of the highest spirituality in charge of such instruction. UNIVERSITY OF NoRT CAROLINA, FOUNDED 1789, FRANCIS P. VEN ABLE, PH. D., PRESIDENT The consequence of this ardent desire for neutrality is that the government is actually taking a stand against spiritu-ality, or at least that is how it works out in the end. " The result of the unfortunate situ-ation is that, at an age when children are having their character and mentality made up, they are not given any of the benefits of spirituality. The rising gen-eration is thus losing spiritual education at the time it is most needed. Some method should be found by which spir-itual instruction will be a part of the school system." Now to many this will sound so con-siderate, paternal, and pious that they will be thoroughly carried away by it ; indeed, the majority devote so little On the other hand, no amount of for-mal teaching of religion in the school-room by instructors who simply do it as a matter of routine can by any pos-sibility avail. The insistent demand for schoolroom religious teaching Š in connection with state education Š is so thoroughly out of harmony with the Bible idea of the relations of the state, the individual, and religion that it strikes one who clearly perceives these relations much as do the frantic and hysterical appeals of a child for help out of some dire dilemma into which its own neglect or waywardness has drawn it. Religious people see their children growing more and more indifferent to their soul interests, but instead of going upon their knees and seeking daily a 