40 LIBERTY Note " upon the third and upon the fourth generation of them that hate me," and " loving-kindness unto a thousand genera-tions of them that love me and keep my commandments." This is one of the most wonderful ex-pressions of the love of God to be found in the entire Bible. Compare Ex. 34: 7; Num. 14: 18, and the words of Jesus, John 14: 21. Thus the first two commandments not only set aside all corruptions of idolatry, but show that all forms of idolatry spring from the alienation of the heart from the true God, and that God who reveals him- self as the deliverer of man can be truly worshiped only by the heart of man Š his love in response to the love of God. The third and fourth commandments correspond respectively to the first and second. For as the first sets aside all idols, the third requires that God alone is to be worshiped by the holy and reverent use of his name Š of anything whereby God maketh himself known ; and as the second forbids all idolatrous worship, the fourth requires the keeping of the Sabbath (the definite time of rest from all worldly oc-cupations) in order to commune with God in public and private worship and in obe-dience to his commands. The fourth com-mandment is grounded upon God's example in creation, from which he rested to enter into communion with man, that man might enter into communion with him.. . . The fifth commandment enjoins honor to parents Š filial duties. The ground of the obligation is that parents are God's earthly representatives. No form of law can su-persede the control in all respects which parents in the nature of the case must exer-cise over their children. All the wants and even the lives of children depend upon their parents. In every form of government and society the parents stand toward their children in God's stead. It is a natural and moral union beyond the control or reach of any human power that may seek to violate it. As God ordains the union, he will thus be honored in his representa-tives. and filial duty is made the natural basis of piety. . . . Note that the first commandment of the second table (the sixth) is. Thou shalt not kill. This law protects human life, and has forbidding reference to all acts that even injure a fellow man's life. Notice next the logical sequence of the second commandment of this table (the seventh), which forbids adultery. This law protects the institution of marriage, and forbids all acts which injure the part-ner of one's life. Note the logical sequence of the third commandment of this table (the eighth), which forbids stealing. This law protects property, and forbids all acts which injure or take away the means of sustaining and cultivating one's life. These three commands cover all outward deeds of such a description that the hand may be regarded as their symbol. They forbid criminality in act. In sequence the next commandment (the ninth) forbids false witness Š all injury to the good name or to the rights of one's fel-low man. It condemns criminality in word, the misuse of the tongue among men. The last commandment of this table (the fifth), which is also the last of the dec-alogue, forbids covetousness, specifying with emphasis the objects of covetousness from the greatest (house, or wife, Deut. 5: 21 Š generic) to the least (anything). It condemns wrong-doing even in desires of thoughts. For covetousness is a state of the heart Š a condition of thought. . . . Finally, note the clear and broad dis-tinction between the decalogue as a spir-itual code of the universal and permanent principles of religion and morality, and the local and temporary legislation of Judaism associated with this code. Does it not be-tray sheer superficiality, if nothing worse, to say that the decalogue is not binding upon all men? For these commands are moral principles of universal and perma-nent validity. Not one of them is cere-monial in any respect whatever. They were not made true nor even discovered by Mosaic legislation ; nor can any legisla-tion or civil legislation whatsoever change their nature one jot or tittle. Who will be so foolish as to say that Christianity abolished the prohibition of murder, of adultery, of theft, of falsehood. of covetousness; or abolished the reality of God's being, the love of the heart in his worship, the reverence due to his name. the devotion of time to communion with God, and filial duty to parents? Who can deny that Christ and his apostles continu-ally quoted these commands and repeated their injunctions? Who does not know 