L1B.ERTY 135 Liberty of thought is a mockery if liberty of speech and action is denied.ŠSidney Holmes. Liberty is a solemn thing,Š a welcome, a joyous, a glorious thing, if you please; but it is a solemn thing. A free people must be a thoughtful people. A free peo-ple must be serious ; for it has to do the greatest thing that ever was done in the world Š to govern self.ŠOrville Dozvey. The Only Power That Saves SPIRITUAL power is the only power that can saye men from wickedness and de-generation. It is the only power that can cleanse the world from the tyranny of selfishness and moral pollution. The only proper agency to accomplish this work is the church of Jesus Christ. Her mission is one of love and mercy, to draw and win lost men to Christ. The MAIN Si:Rh:El OF PETROGRAD, RUSSIA A temporal government in the hands of ecclesiastics develops into a mild, petty, listless, respectable, monkish, in-vincible despotism, just as any plant de-velops into its flower.ŠTaine. All truth is safe, and nothing else is safe; and he who keeps back the truth or withholds it from men, from motives of expediency, is either a coward or a crim-inal, or both.Š Max Muller. They are slaves who fear to speak For the fallen and the weak; They are slaves who will not choose Hatred, scoffing, and abuse Rather than in silence shrink From the truth they needs must think; They are slaves who dare not be In the right with two or three. Š Lowell.  moment the church seeks aid and author-ity from the secular powers to compel men to observe religious dogmas and in-stitutions, she forfeits her divine mis-sion, and is providentially deprived of her spiritual power. The fact that churches, in order to increase their power, combine and federate, and peti-tion legislative bodies to recognize or en-force their religious beliefs, is evidence that they are not waiting to be endowed with power from above, but with power from beneath. Secular power has never promoted true religion nor saved men from their sins. " For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves : it is the gift of God." C. S. L. 