2 LIBERTY ters of morals, indicates unmistakably the rapid disintegration of the forces of Protestantism. The Roman hierarchy, having always considered Republicanism and Protestantism inimical to its inter-ests, is not looking with any degree of sorrow upon the increasing evidences of their decay. Note the striking fulfilment of prophecy set forth in the article re-ferred to. WE have been informed that a Sev-enth-day Adventist in Tennessee has been arrested for chopping some wood in his own dooryard on a recent Sun-day. The wood was to be used in pre-paring dinner for his family. The case was tried before a justice of the peace, and was decided against the arrested man. From that decision the defendant has taken an appeal. The appeal will be tried in July, and as we shall have a rep-resentative at the trial, a report of the matter will appear in our next issue. The evidence in this case, as in all others where seventh-day observers have been arrested for working on Sunday, shows that the arrest was occasioned not by the fact that work was done on Sunday but because it was done by one whose conduct in the matter was governed by divine example and authority. THE power that makes a law is the only power authorized to compel its en-forcement. One state or one nation never enforces the laws of another state or nation. I f it should attempt so to do, the act would be a plain implication that the other power was unable to en-force its own laws, and therefore was non-existent as a governing institution. When, there fore, a demand is made that the state enforce the law of God, it is a plain implication that the Ruler of the universe is unable to enforce his own laws, and that his government is non- existent. This attempt of human gov-ernment to strengthen, defend, and en-force the decrees of divine government is not merely the most ridiculous of absurdities, but is positively blasphe-mous when its import is fully understood. Uzzah's attempt to steady the ark of God was of the same nature. The ark of God contained the law of God, the symbol of God's government. He thought that unless supported by his hand, it must fall. God, in his dealing with Uzzah, taught the world a lesson which never ought to need a repetition. A CRUSADE against religious legislation is not a crusade against religion. A cru-sade against the enactment by the state of what is called a "sabbath law " is not a crusade against the Sabbath. To op-pose the mingling of the sacred and pro-fane is not to oppose the sacred, or con-duct a warfare against religion. Two priests of ancient Israel were smitten for offering common fire in the sanctuary service. This was not an attack by the Lord upon the sanctuary service. But it did set the stamp of his disapproval upon the mingling of the sacred and the sec-ular. It is a declaration to every Sunday-law advocate that his efforts to create a divine Sabbath by human law have neither the authorization nor the approval of Jehovah, who has established his own Sabbath, for his own purpose, and com-manded it in his own unchangeable law. Cain offered to Jehovah a sacrifice of his own invention. The Lord was displeased both with Cain and with his invention. A sabbath of human authorization is of the same nature as Cain's unwelcome sac-rifice, and must be equally displeasing to heaven. Why seek for a human sabbath law when there still stands upon the stat-ute-books of God's kingdom, unrepealed, God's own law for the only Sabbath ever given to man? To attempt to enforce 