RIB G mENO YOE J. \/P's Łvfk(" I LIBERTY PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT OF CUBA See President Menocal's splendid letter to the editor of " Liberty " on the following page. by this interpreter of Pennsylvania law. If the court should compel the Sunday keeper to refrain from all " secular " and " desecrating " acts on Saturday, in order to give the Jew the same religious lib-erty as the Sunday keeper, then there would be a semblance of equality, so far as these two classes are concerned. In addition, however, there are thousands who are neither Jews nor Christians, whose civil rights must also be protected. " In respect to matters purely of a re-ligious nature the laws ought to be as silent as if there were no such thing as religion in the world. The law can have no religion, since it cannot have all. If it select that of one sect, it offends against that of all other sects. If it take into favor the religion of the majority, it tyrannizes over the minority; if it es- , tablish the religion of the Christian, it offends the infidel, the Jew, and the hea-then. . . . As regards the observance of a day of rest, the state has an undoubted authority to abstain from all action on such a day ; but it cannot rightfully com-pel any man to keep Sunday as a re-ligious institution; nor can it require him  to cease from labor or recreation on that day, since it cannot be shown that the ordinary exercise of the human faculties on that day is in any way an infringe-ment upon the rights of mankind." Š" Essay on Human Rights," by E. P. Hurlbut. All religious sects must be placed on the same basis. If any denomination were especially favored, to that extent it would become an established church. The civil rights of both believers and unbelievers would be placed in jeopardy. In a statement issued by the solicitor for the Department of State, Washington, D. C., this principle is recognized: Š " The [First] Amendment to the Con-stitution and the like provisions in State constitutions were not dictated by in-difference or hostility to the principles of the Christian religion, but aimed to prevent not merely the establishment of any form of religion, however widely spread, but to establish upon a firm footing the right before the law of every religious sect." Again the solicitor says : Š " In the United States, Christianity is 