WHEN in 1787 our fathers wrote the Con-stitution, they sought to give to the infant republic an organic law that would measurably guard it against the danger of such criminal and bloody blunders as had been perpetrated in other countries under a union of state and church. The product of their work is a master-piece of political sci-ence. In the performance of their task, the authors of our Federal Constitution give evidence of the profoundest thought. Our fundamental law is said to be " the most widely copied contribu-tion to political science." From it, France has borrowed her choicest expressions. Other coun-tries, too, learned that their national security would be best provided for by the practical adop-tion of some of our Constitutional provisions. The public mind had grown weary and sick from learning and experiencing how the refine-ment of torture was time and again invoked in an effort to coerce conscience and circumscribe personal rights. The scourge, the rack, the red-hot bed, the wild beasts, and the fury of the populace were frightful instruments in the diabolical work which in pagan Rome had for its end the extermination of the Christian re-ligion and the destruction of the humble fol-lowers of the lowly Nazarene; and which under papal Rome sought to compel unity of faith and of worship. Cries from the chamber of horrors and the Inquisition resounded through the darkest of the Dark Ages, when wrong and  oppression triumphed over right in the horri-ble edicts of despots, and the merciless judg-ments of ecclesiastical Courts. America the Home of Conscience The Declaration of Independence in Phila-delphia and the destruc-tion of the Bastille of Paris brought to birth a new and a larger liberty, dethroned kings and potentates, and placed the power of government with the peo-ple, where it rightfully belonged. To stanch the gushing wounds, and to stop the terrible slaughter of persecuted victims and martyrs, America became an asylum for the devotees of all religions, and for liberty of conscience. The divine right of kings is challenged in the Constitution, and royalty is reduced to the level of citizenship; for all classes, an interest is manifested that is parental, and a sympathy is shown that is Scriptural. The Constitution imitates divine principles by essaying to be no respector of persons, and by establishing a de-mocracy where there is equality of rights and freedom of choice. Under this benevolent in-strument, righteous ambition is not crushed; the incentive to be brave and industrious is not restricted; and the development of an initiative, peculiarly American, is so generously fostered and encouraged, that its development in the present world war, in fighting the battles of democracy against the tyranny of autocracy, has won the unbounded admiration and gener-ous applause of the world. Shall We Merge Pulpit and Legislation? By Cyrus Simmons Attorney at Law 