78 LIBERTY Don't Worry, Miss Lawrence MISS LAWRENCE, general secretary of the International Sunday School Association, is worried because God has not been mentioned or recognized in the covenant of the League of Nations. God, she says, is recognized as present in the Declaration of Independence and in Lincoln's Gettysburg address; and in the darkest days of the Civil War, " In God We Trust " was put on the silver dollar. But, after all, Miss Lawrence does not as-sert that God is mentioned in the Constitution of the 'United States, and the covenant of the League is much more like that than like the Declaration of Independence or the Gettysburg address. God, as commonly understood in the incomplete way in which mortal mind can un-derstand him, is omnipresent. He is in every-thing; in support of what is good in it, and in conflict with what is bad in it. To put his name in the League covenant would not strengthen the weak articles if any are weak, or save the covenant from going bust if it does not accord with Omnipotent policy. These political documents are human and faulty. The Holy Alliance had the name of God in it abundantly, and went to pot. Miss Lawrence ought to read it.ŠLife, April 17, 1919. The Saturday Half Holiday and Church Attendance THE following, which appeared first in the New York Christian Advocate, and was sub-sequently reprinted by the Northern Christian Advocate, will be of more than usual interest, especially at this vacation and outing season: " Something Else Is Needed " Those who fancy that material benefits in-evitably inspire spiritual ardor in those ho enjoy them are indulging in a delusion. A traveler from Australia, a Baptist minister, . . . recently said to a representative of the New York Sun.: " Church leaders in Australia were led to the support of the Saturday half-holiday law, believing that poor men, tired with working on Saturdays, could not possibly get up Sunday mornings and go to church. It was argued that if they had their holiday they would be fresh for Sunday, possibly for an early service. " What is the working out? Why, most dis-astrous. a has been a big blow to the churches. Because vacations from Saturday noon. to Mon-day morning are assured, week-ends in the country have multiplied enormously. The plan has been a big boon and boom for the road houseŠ country taverns, maybe you call them Š and for the rural club, many of which have sprung into existence. The law costs religion dearly.' "This is not so strange as at first appears. If workingmen are to he attracted to the  church, appeals must be made to higher mo-tives than mere personal comfort. We advo-cate the broadest extension of privileges and opportunities to manual workers which a sane and Christian social reform movement can sug-gest, but we do not look for a revival of reli gion as a result of providing these advantages. ' Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment? "A man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he pos-sesseth.' " Is there not a suggestion here that fits the question of " civil " Sunday laws? If people are to be taught to reverence the weekly day of rest,Łmust not its claims be urged from the religious and spiritual rather than from so-called civil considerations? In other words, can " the American civil Sabbath " ever have that place in the reverence of the people that belongs to the Sabbath of the Lord? In short, do not " civil " Sabbath laws make the day they are intended to safeguard only a common political thing instead of the sacred institution it professes to be? C. P. B. tV !V tŁV Liberalizing Sunday Laws THE State of Connecticut, which was once known as the home of Sunday blue laws, is beginning to pap with her old-time legal relics. There were seven liberalizing Sunday bills in-troduced into the assembly of the legislature, permitting the showing of moving pictures on Sundays. At the hearings, the only opposition which developed to Sunday moving pictures came from the clergy. Their principal argu-ment apinst the moving picture is that the churches cannot compete in the bid for pat-ronage. So they want to compel people to go to church on Sundays instead of to the moving picture shows. This is the old way of filling church rows, but it is not Christ's way. C. S. L. SV 11F Of A Peculiar Case MRS. DELLA POST, a member of the Sev-enth-day Adventist Church in Georgia, is being prosecuted in North Carolina for " Sab-bath breaking." She observes the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, and is being prosecuted for " Sabbath breaking " be-cause she does not observe Sunday. Mrs. Post lives in the northwest corner of Georgia. She was in the act of taking a borrowed wagon home to a person who lives just across the line in Tennessee, and while doing so she crossed through the edge of North Carolina. While passing through the corner of North Carolina a deputy sheriff arrested her for " breaking the Sabbath " of North Carolina, and treated her very shamefully, according to reports. The superior court was in session at the time, but the solicitor general refused to prosecute 