LIBERTY " Ye have been called unto liberty; only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another." Gal. 5: 13. of October 31, the religious issue was outlined under the following caption: Š " Will You Vote Your Liberty Away? " The voters of Altoona next Tuesday will place their liberties in the keeping of intolerant fanatics and merciless bigots, or they will rebuke the mischievous meddlers who seek to rule them. " Mayor Rhodes, pursuant to a preelection pledge, is determined to suppress the oppor-tunities of a worthy class of people for neces-sary and healthful relaxation on Sunday. He found that existing laws did not provide suffi-ciently drastic punishment to meet his require-ments, and he wants the people of Altoona to give to him an enlarged power for perse-cution.. . . " When a people, in a fair test, deliberately vote away their liberties and place themselves at the mercy of a vain egotist,Š a miserable imitation of a despot,Š they merit any treat-ment that may be accorded them. We shall know next Tuesday whether the people of Altoona appreciate the inestimable boon of personal liberty. We shall know whether they are fitter to be slaves than freemen." In another editorial of November 7, the same paper had the following: Š " The Big Question for Today " It won't make much difference, in the long run, whether Hughes or Wilson is elected today. There is not enough difference between them to fight about. . . . But there is a ques-tion Š seemingly a small question, so small that it is represented down in a far corner of the official ballot Š that is of vital concern to every voter. It is a question whether our rights and liberties shall be restricted at the behest or demand of an unrighteous, narrow, fanatical class of moral reformers who have mistaken bile for religion, and who have in-terpreted the bleating of their bigotry as the clarion call of the Creator. " We refer to the ' blue law' referendum. It is a weapon that is to be placed in the hands of our picayunish mayor, and with which he will beat out the last vestige of freedom possessed by the masses Š the plain people. " Whether we purchase ice cream is unim-portant. Whether we have the right to pur-chase it is of transcendental importance. If the bigots and religious zealots can say that  we must not do certain things [on account of religion], they can say that we shall do certain things [for the same reason]. " They are endeavoring to compel us to respect their wishes,Š mind you, ' their wishes,' not the wishes of the Almighty,Šand they intend to employ the law to sustain their position. What the Blue Laws Required " When the ' blue laws' were conceived, they compelled the people to go to certain churches and to pay certain sums of money to the sup-port of the clergy. And that is what some of the clergy are striving to do [now]. They tell us that we must not purchase ice cream. Tomorrow they may tell us that we must go to church, and the next day they will tell us what church we must attend. Before Satur-day they will tell us how much money we must contribute to the clergy. " A principle is involved that should not be lost sight of. Fundamentally, the freedom of the people is at stake. A vote for Mayor Rhodes's proposition is a vote against freedom of action and conscience. It is another link in the chain that is to bind us in a bondage more abject and more servile than chattel slavery. Physical serfdom is intolerable. Yet it is preferable to mental serfdom, and that is what Mayor Rhodes and the Ministerium are endeavoring to impose upon us." The Altoona Mirror championed the cause of the mayor and the Ministerium, and drew some fine distinctions as to what was and was not proper conduct on Sundays. It vied well with the old-time hairsplitting of the Pharisees of Christ's time. The Mirror contended that it was a crime for retailers to sell ice cream on Sunday, but that it was all right for manufacturers to make and sell it. It was a crime for a drug store to sell ice cream, but all right for a restaurant to do so. It was a crime to sell it on one side of the highway, but perfectly lawful on the other side. The Altoona Times made the following comments upon the Mirror's remarkable differentiation as to who was and who " Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." John 8: 32. 