669 LIBERTY 37 Constitutional and Statutory Contrarieties and Contra-dictions FRANKLIN BLISS IT is an American boast that we have demonstrated to the world the possi-bility of a " state without a king, and a church without a Pope; " that we have proved the feasibility of absolute sepa-ration of church and state; that we have established a stable government, with self-taxation, the submission of the mili-tary to the legislature ; and that we have settled not a few other governmentally problematic things, on account of which remarkable accomplishments we are re-ceiving the world's congratulations with no small satisfaction, but of course with becoming modesty. Our constitutional and statutory " codes," " digests," " revisals," etc., are numerous, ponderous, and wonderful; but their contents are sometimes truly startling, when we consider how gen-erally we have somehow come to regard seriously all our national claims as in-controvertible facts. Let us, for instance, cast a casual glance at our church-and-state claim : Š The Constitution heroically says, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof ; " and for many decades that body stood very def-erentially by that palladium of our re-ligious liberties. It is true that in con-nection with the world's fairs our Solons infracted that provision, and lately the House has passed a Sunday law for the District of Columbia, but the Senate al-lowed the time to pass without its ap-proval ; and it is to be hoped that the day of open violation of the First Amendment has not yet dawned. We should note that the Constitution does not say that none of the States shall make laws establishing religion, etc. ; and so every State has done so. One, after doing it, repented, and repudiated its former act. Of course in States where religion is a matter of law, there is but  limited religious liberty; and to that ex-tent our church-and-state claim is but an empty boast, for to the extent that we in America enact religious legislation Šand all Sunday laws are religious legis-lation Š to that extent there is union of church and state. This is evident from the fact that under certain circumstances Š and those in no degree indicating ac-tual wrong-doing Š one has but to exer-cise his boasted liberty to find himself haled into court to answer for his te-merity. One would almost hesitate to say that any talk of liberty along this line that does not extend to the atheist, agnostic, Mohammedan, Jew, etc., is empty, boast-ful vaporing; but this is true, and has been declared so by the most upright of Christian patriots, statesmen, and scholars, though they realized that they would, on this account, be regarded by the rank and file of professed Christians as wantonly throwing wide the flood-gates of oncoming perdition. So, in spite of the fact that our fed-eral Constitution guarantees full relig-ious liberty, there is not a single Amer-ican citizen outside of the District of Columbia and California who is not lia-ble to religious oppression, unless he holds the, dominant religious views. And, strangely enough, neither is there a State in the Union but guarantees somewhere in its constitution, either di-rectly or by inference, the cleanest-cut religious freedom. It is a striking anomaly, however, that this guaranty is quite generally contradicted or rendered nugatory by some other article in the same document. An examination of the fundamental laws of Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Maryland, Arkansas, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennes-see will reveal the amazing fact that, not-withstanding their splendid " declaration of rights," their brave philippics against conscience oppression, right in the heart of their constitutions they have pro-scribed " unbelievers," so far as holding positions of official trust in the State is concerned. To hold office in these 