EDITORIAL Sour, liberty cannot be bound by chains of iron nor confined in bondage in a gloomy prison cell. The individual who asserts his freedom in Christ is " free indeed." RELIGIOUS legislation is born of the spirit of intolerance, nurtured in the cradle of persecution, and nearly every page of its history is stained with the blood of martyrs. PI LIBERTY of conscience is the inalien-able right of each individual, and he is entitled to the protection of the state in the free exercise of his natural right so long as he does not interfere with the equal rights of his fellow men. !Ag. THE church has a definite commission to do a definite work by a definite means. Christ promised to clothe her with power from above, not with power from below. Her work is to save men, not to reform the state or do the work which belongs to the state. CHARITY and intolerance cannot dwell in the same heart. Neither can truth and prejudice find access to the same mind. Ignorance and prejudice are twin sisters. " A strong decoction of igno-rance mixed with a boiling solution of prejudice, will make a coating for the human brain which will absolutely shut out all light." tV tV THE meanest and the noblest senti-ments which are asleep in the human na-ture are awakened respectively at the response of your own, and greet you in the same manner as your own greet them. Therefore, let only the loftiest ideals control you, so that you may call  forth only the best that is in your neigh-bor in response to the highest good will which dwells in your own bosom as you salute both friend and foe. THE claims of special privilege can-not be justly sustained in a free repub-lican form of government. It is incom-patible with equality of liberty for men to hide behind the shield of special priv-ilege, and no one's liberty is secured until this shield is beaten down, and all men put on an equal footing before the law in their enjoyment of emoluments and in their contentions with the enemy. The principles of religious liberty, so sa-cred to all, are subverted and nullified by this special legislation for a certain number of religionists who desire the state to enforce a pet religious institution by civil law and to penalize any of its citizens who dare to dissent in their opinions and habits concerning the man-ner and time of observing or not observ-ing the Sabbath. The state cannot dis-criminate between religious opinions and settle religious controversies by judicial decisions or legislative acts without com-mitting itself to religious legislation, which is expressly forbidden in the First Amendment of the national Constitution. MEN may shake their hoary heads and blow their word-trumpets over the prop-osition of completely divorcing religion from civil enactments, but the time is coming when this question must be set-tled right and definitely, or the battle for individual rights and minority liberty will be lost, irrevocably lost. No ques-tion is ever settled until it is settled right. No man's liberty is secure unless the lib-erty of each and all is made secure. Some people will " save their skin at the 119 