Absurd and Contradictory The Idaho Sunday Law Should Be Repealed While perhaps a worthy object was sought to be attained by its passage, the provisions of the act itself are in many respects both absurd and contradictory, and the matter has twice been before the supreme court, requiring the construc-tion at the hands of that tribunal, while many other of its provisions still remain in grave doubt. . . . The reasons for many of these prohibitions are simply in-comprehensible to the average mind. Personally, I do not believe it proper to legislate upon matters of this kind. . . . As a result of its experience in constru-ing this law, the supreme court has pro-posed in its report to the governor that it be so amended as to make it intelli-gible. Undoubtedly the act needs amend-ment if it is continued in force, but I would suggest as a still better remedy that the entire act be repealed.Š Gov-ernor James H. Hawley, of Idaho, in his Message to the eleventh legislature, 1911. Ł O O OO  O O O 0 O O O 4 4 O O LIBERTY 171 who made this cutting observation : " The enforced observance of a day, held sacred by one of the sects, is a discrimination in favor of that sect, and a violation of the freedom of the others."Š California Reports, Vol. IX, page 502. In the fur-ther consideration of the case at issue, Justice Terry wrote : " The legislature has no right to forbid or enjoin the law-ful pursuit of a lawful occupation on one day of the week, any more than it can forbid it altogether." These cit a-tions are in per-f e c t harmony with the spirit of liberty which illuminates the basic laws of t h e republic. The Declaration of Independ-ence, antedating t h e organiza-tion of the na-tional govern-ment, declares these truths to be self-evident: That all men are created equal; that they a r e endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights ; that to secure these rights, governments are in-stituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned." To indicate the complete separation of church and state, the Constitution pro-vides that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." Š Sec. 3, art. 6, United States Constitu-tion. And as a final proof of religious freedom, and as fortifying the position of absolute equality of all religionists on the free soil of America, this splendid charter of our liberties declares : " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an  establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof."Š First Amendment, United States Constitution. " Any law which forbids an act not in itself contra bonos mores, because that act is repugnant to the beliefs of one religious sect, of necessity interferes with the liberty of those who hold to other beliefs or to none at all," said Justice Henshaw, in the opinion heretofore cited. And he adds, with all the force of his judicial deter- mination : A man's consti-tutional 1 i b - er t y means more than his personal free-dom. It means, with many other rights, his right freely to labor, and to own t h e fruits of his toil." In his final summing up, he says, concerning the former stat-ute: " The law not only is spe-cial, unjust, and unreason-able in its operation, but it works an in-vasion of individual liberty, the liberty of free labor, which it pretends to protect." The plausible advocates of Sunday sa-credness, however, assert with great ve-hemence that the act is entirely in the interest of labor, and that there is no interference with the religious scruples of those who would become subject to its provisions. Apparently these church-men have decided that it would be a good thing for their fellow citizens to rest; and rest they must, if the proposed law can be made operative. Fine and imprisonment would stare the unfortu-nate householder in the face who should dare to clip his lawn, or gather a little 