112 LIBERTY. Every intoxicated man is a menace to the life and property of every man with whom he comes in contact. A drunken driver allows a team to run away, de-stroying property and inflicting serious and perhaps fatal injury. Only recently in this city of Washington a trained nurse was run down upon the public street and killed by an automobile driven by an in-toxicated man, who is now under indict-ment, with several companions, charged with murder for reckless driving. But that does not restore the life that was crushed out. Every liquor license guar-anteeing to any man the right to sell intoxicating liquor is a government-supported menace to the lives of other people. Fatal accidents due to intoxication are  of frequent occurrence, notwithstanding the fact that railroad companies and other public-service corporations now very generally deny to their employees the " right " to use intoxicating liquors, even when not directly on duty. There is scarcely a place where the liquor traffic touches either individual or political life that it does not, in some way, blight and mar that life. The liq-uor traffic is in very truth not simply a " right " to be regulated, so that it may be kept within bounds, but it is an unmit-igated evil to be rigorously prohibited, that the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness may be enjoyed un-restrained and unimpaired by every cit-izen, however humble or however great. C. P. B. After the War, What SHERMAN said, " War is hell." He was mistaken. War is worse than hell. Hell is the place where, after the judg-ment day, the wicked are to be punished according to what they deserve. But in war the innocent are punished, and the instigators of the bloody carnage go un-punished. War will never cease as long as men are unregenerate, and the nations glorify war by putting the laurel wreath on the brows of those who send shot and shell crashing through the bodies of men. Men are horrified at the disregard of international law and treaty obligations by the belligerent powers engaged irr the present war. But the necessities of war recognize no law, either human or divine, as too sacred to break. It is utter folly for men td think that men frenzied by the spirit and exigencies of war will respect law, justice, or humanity. War is entirely outside of God's purpose, and is not amenable to any law or obligation. Terrible as is the present war in its destruction of human life and its disre-gard of the restraints of law and jus-tice, yet this war is as nothing in com- parison to the significant and terrible things that will immediately follow the present conflict. New and startling de-velopments will come quickly. Men everywhere will be ready to condemn the old regime as a total failure, and unfit to rule humanity. Remedies of all kinds will be suggested to avert future wars, and to usher in a reign of universal and lasting peace. All kinds of extensive religious combinations will be effected in order to guide the ship of state safely over the turbulent political seas. At-tempts will be made to have the voice of the church dictate legislation, and have the civil officers submit to the decrees of the church, and regard its pronounce-ments as an equivalent to a " Thus saith the Lord." They will demand righteousness by law, God and Christianity legally recog-nized in the fundamental law of the land, a standard of religion set up for all men by the state, and Sunday laws universally enforced, irrespective of individual faith or conscience in the matter. All these things will follow in quick succession as proposed remedies, and the authority of 