12 LIBERTY National Religion and Individual Religion A Concrete and Striking Object-Lesson THAT kind of religion which is made dominant by statutory law, enforced upon the people under pains and penal-ties, is as much out of place in the gospel economy as the proverbial wild animal in the china shop. It can crush and trample and destroy, but can not construct or edify or perpetuate fundamental good. An illustration of this was found by former President Roosevelt in his jour-ney through Central Africa, as told in an address at a Methodist missionary gathering held in Baltimore, Md., and re-ported in the Literary Digest of Decem-ber 3. Mr. Roosevelt says : Š As a rule, I was immensely impressed with the improvement in the character of the natives who had been under mission-ary control. . . . When I passed through the Sudan tribe, I saw on every hand what the Mandi rule had meant in the Sudan. Mandism was really an out-break of various Mohammedan proselyt-ers, which reproduced in the nineteenth century just the conditions of the seventh. . . . I passed through village after village in the Sudan where I could see native schools established in connection with the Gordon Memorial College. I would see a native school with a native teacher and lots of children up to twelve years of age, and perhaps three or four over that, and I asked about it. They said, " These are the government children." I asked what that meant. All children were killed except as the government took posses-sion. I came upon tribes of pagans where there would be children and old men, and practically no men of middle age, because they had all been killed out by the 1Vlandists. . . . Out of about ten millions of people, nearly seven millions were killed during the years of the Mandi uprising. . . . That is what missionary effort saved Uganda from, and I do wish that the well-meaning people who laugh at or decry missionary work could realize what the missionary work has done right there in middle Africa. The Apissionary work of which he speaks04,nd which he commends, was not of theŠNational Reform variety, the " conversion " of nations by legal process, the enforcement of religion by " external force of sheriffs," or bands of soldiery. It was the quiet, soul-searching, heart-converting work of the gospel upon in- dividual men and women. That made Uganda a very different place from the Sudan. In the one place the conversion of souls was going on under the melting influences of the Word of God personally opened to individual persons. In the other place a national religion was crushing out both liberty and life to enforce a creed. In the one place was the power of love, cementing, building up, civilizing, educating, enlightening, Chris-tianizing, and giving life. In the other place the hand of force was disinte-grating, tearing down, heathenizing, darkening, brutalizing, and taking life. America is being asked to-day to choose between these two systems Š be-tween the system she already has, wherein religion is made a matter be-tween man and his Maker alone, and a system wherein religion is made a matter of human law, an affair of the state. If it be objected that Christianity, as a national religion, would not do what other national religions have done, we have only to say that wherever the form of Christianity has been made a matter of law, to be forced upon the people under penalty, there has been little choice between it and the national religion of Mohammed, so far as regard for the religious liberties of the people is con-cerned. Instance papal Rome, Russia, Greece, old England, colonial America, and the Catholic republics to the south of us. There we see state religion as the National Reform Association is pleading for it here. There the religious forces 