LIBERTY 75 nation. Indeed, it may be assured dna the Germany of the seventeenth century enjoyed more civil and religious liberty than does the Germany of today. Ger-many was in this respect the chief bene-factor in the first period of the Reforma-tion. In the period from 1556 to 1603 took place the revolt in the Netherlands. The principal nations on the stage of action were Spain and England. They were the contending powers, while France, un-dergoing a political change, was as a house divided against itself. The cham-pion of Protestantism was Elizabeth, while Philip II stood at the head of the Catholic forces. In order to strengthen her own position, Elizabeth gave aid to the insurgents in the Netherlands and in Scotland. It was during the long reign of this queen that the agitation of con-stitutional questions gained headway, and there was laid a firm foundation for the work of the future. a the latter part of this second period the republic of Holland arose, as it were, from the depths of the sea. France, during the third period, from 1603 to 1648, regained its European as- cendancy, but upon the unfortunate death of Henry IV France was again reduced to a second-rate power. Eng-land was at this time under the reign of the Stuarts, who, with their reactionary ecclesiasticism and subserviency to Spain, sacrificed, to a large degree, the influence of their country in the politics of Eu-rope. The Thirty Years' War, including, at first, Austria and Bohemia, and later, by conquest, the Palatinate, finally in-volved all Europe. In the active sympathy which existed between Austria and Spain, peril for Protestantism was evident, and the bal-ance of power in Europe was threatened. The German Protestants received sub-stantial aid at this time from France, which had been again reinstated in the political society of Europe by Richelieu. The part which Sweden took with France brought the northern kingdoms into closer touch with the rest of Europe, and by the treaty of Westphalia, Europe presented fairly peaceful conditions. This memorable treaty served also to bind together more closely the religious parties in Germany. A OF Lie° A VON FROM ROLLA NT) TO MIMI' ii, FR A TIRO FOR 111%THRRICNT RIGHTS 