42  LIBERTY political subdivisions, prohibition becom-ing operative whenever a majority of the electors wish the provisions of the law to apply. Under this arrangement live 26,446,810 persons. In three of the States Ñ Arkansas, Iowa, and South Da-kota Ñ laws have been enacted placing all sections of the State under prohi-bition except in political subdivisions where a majority of the electors indicate that they do not wish the provisions of such law to apply. In these States there are 3,693,201 people living in prohibition territory. He stated also that as a result of the operation of these several provi-sions, at the present time more than 47,000,000 of the population of the Uni-ted States live under prohibition, and more than seventy-one per cent of the area of the nation is, by federal, State. or local decree, prohibition territory. The speaker emphasized the fact that in seeking an amendment to the supreme RICHMOND PEARSON HOBSON law of the land, the temperance forces of this nation are not seeking in any way to interfere with, or encroach upon, the rights of any American citizen or any class of American citizens, referring  to a decision handed down by the Su-preme Court in the Christensen case twenty-three years ago to substantiate this statement. The decision, in part, was as follows : Ñ " There is no inherent right in a citi- MRS. L. M. N. STEVENS zen to sell intoxicating liquors by retail. It is not a privilege of a citizen of the State or of a citizen of the United States." Ex-Governor Patterson and the W. C. T. U. leaders made strong addresses upon the subject, appealing that the liq-uor traffic be so dealt with as to carry out more fully the preamble of the Con-stitution, which states : Ñ " We, the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-quillity, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America." Senator Sheppard and Representative Hobson both stated that they were very glad to serve the temperance forces of the United States to the best of their 