118 lIBERTY If all mankind, minus one, were of one opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing the world.Š John Stuart Mill. " I hope such an outrage will not occur again, and that the religious leaders of Massa-chusetts, both Catholic and Protestant, will unite in condemning mob spirit." Freedom of Speech Gone If this Haverhill riot were a solitary event, it would be most regrettable, but would have no very great significance. But it is not an isolated case. These out-bursts have become alarmingly frequent; and they seem to spring from religious antagonism and prejudice so deeply seated that violence flares up in the face of fair Liberty. Where is our high-flung claim of freedom of speech? Why is an address opposing the appropriation of public money for sectarian use inter-rupted by mob violence, even if the church with which the rioters are con-nected be the beneficiary of such appro-priations? Freedom of the Press to be Abridged Not only is the freedom of speech be-ing circumscribed; the freedom of the press is also in danger. In a previous Extra of this magazine we have dealt with two bills proposing to give the Post-master-General power which would greatly limit the freedom of the press. These bills are H. R. 491, introduced by Isaac Siegel, and H. R. 6468, by John J. Fitzgerald. Siegel and Fitzgerald Bills Both these bills have been dealt with in a previous Extra of this journal. The Siegel bill probably will not even be considered by the committee. It is un-necessary for us again to point out the fact that the Fitzgerald bill also makes the Postmaster-General a press cen-sor, and clothes him with an arbitrary  authority which might easily be abused. To exclude a publication from the mails, which are a government monopoly, without any opportunity of appeal, is certainly un-American in principle. There are already adequate statutes under which sexually obscene literature may be excluded. Literature of no other character, even though it be thought by some to be " indecent, immoral, and scurrilous," can be excluded without due process of law ; and the person accused of sending it must be convicted by a jury in a federal court before being punished. The Fitzgerald bill, however, denying the right of jury trial, would leave the decision as to the character of the litera-ture to one man. Gallivan Bill Now another bill, the purpose of which is more open and plain, has been intro-duced by Mr. Gallivan. This is H. R. 13778, and reads as follows : Š "Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of Amer-ica in Congress assembled, That the Post-master-General shall make the necessary rules and regulations to exclude from the mails those publications the avowed and deliberate purpose of which is to attack a recognized religion held by the citizens of the United States or any religious order to which citizens of the United States belong." Guaranties of the First Amendment The First Amendment to the Constitu-tion, which guarantees free exercise of religion, certainly would involve the right of adherence to any faith, or to prop-agate that faith by oral discussion or printed matter among those who may be willing to listen. If a man is not free to say why his religion is right and should If our opinions cannot be supported by truth and righteousness, by kindness and meekness, by forbearance and rendering of good for evil, let us abandon them; for if they cannot be sustained by such means, they surely can be sustained by no other. Š Francis Wayland. 