LIBERTY  13 prohibit. The permission may be with-drawn. In this is seen the inherent evil involved in this proposed legislation. It is religious. It invades the realm of conscience, and treats the right to worship God according to the dictates of conscience as a concession or privilege granted as a kindness or mercy. It assumes that the state has a right to dic-tate to men in matters of religion,Ñ to say when and how they shall worship. It is the first step in the making of a religious establishment. If it is right to exempt one class who do not believe in keeping Sunday. why is it not right to exempt all classes who do not re-spect the day? This, of course, would null-ify the law. But why is this exemption introduced? Sixteen years ago the first District Sunday bill was introduced into Congress. This likewise contained an exemption for observ-ers of another day. The reason was clearly stated by a representative of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union Ñ Mrs. Catlin. The observers of the seventh day had op-posed, as unconstitutional, unchristian, and contrary to the law of God, the Blair Sun-day-Rest bill introduced two years before. That contained no exemption. So when the Breckinridge District Sunday bill was introduced, the lady referred to, said: " We have given them an exemption clause, and that, we think, will take the wind out of their sails." It was hoped by this means to check their opposition to Sunday legis-lation until Congress was committed to it. Foolish indeed would they or any one else be to be deceived as to the real nature of such legislation by such a clause.  The founders of this nation held that " the free exercise of religion, according to the dic-tates of conscience, is something which every man may demand as a right, not something for which he must ask as a privi-lege. To grant to the state the power of toleration is implicitly to grant to it the power of prohibiting; " whereas they denied to it any jurisdiction whatever in the mat-ter of religion. The wording of the exemption would seem to imply that only observers of the first day were entitled, during their devo-tions, to protection against interference and disturbance. Lastly, the exemption is of little value in itself ; for it takes very little to " disturb "  some people. A few years ago a woman in New York complained of being disturbed all day one Sunday because her nephew was setting type in a back room up stairs ten blocks away. From all this it is evident, therefore, that the passage of this bill would be Needless and Unjust Legislation Now all are free; hence this legislation is unnecessary. And if it should bring suf-fering or religious oppression to a single in-dividual, even though demanded by every other person in the District, it would be unjust. It would, moreover, be a new departure; for while, under strong church pressure, Congress has, in two or three instances, conditioned appropriations to certain expo-sitions upon Sunday closing, it has never as yet passed a law compelling any one to observe Sunday or any other religious in-stitution. Shall the people of the District of Co-lumbia be allowed to remain free, or must they be compelled to accept this yoke? No citizen of the District of Columbia has any vote or voice in making the laws by which the District is governed. This, then, is a field most favorable for the commencement of a religious despotism. And right here -the International Reform Bureau, the Na-tional Reform Association, the American Sabbath Union, and other religious organi-zations have been working for years, seek-ing to persuade Congress to commit itself in some way to the principle of religious legislation. After some such local and ap-parently insignificant bill as this is passed, a multitude of others increasingly oppres-sive, not only for the District, but for the whole nation, will inevitably follow. A mighty impetus would also be given to state Sunday legislation as a result of the ex-ample set by the national government, and the way opened for religious despotism to establish itself in this country as it has in past ages in other lands. This bill applies only to the District of Columbia, and only to certain classes in the District. The first Sunday law, that pro-mulgated by Constantine, March 7, 321 A. D., likewise applied only to cities, and was for certain classes only. But after the union of church and state thus formed, re-ligious tests and religious persecution fol-lowed. Liberty was in chains. Then came the world's midnight,Ñ the Dark Ages,Ñ a 