4 LIBERTY men cannot be regenerated morally by human race; namely, the elimination of any human power. War can be elimi- evil and the establishment of universal nated only by the elimination of sin and lasting peace by political action. from the human heart, and there is but Both philosophers endeavored to define one power that can free from sin, all the possible forms that government namely, the gospel of the Son of God, might assume, and to picture the bless- our Lord Jesus Christ. ings that might be brought to the race The universal adoption of the golden by a perfect human government. But rule as applied to both national and per- all their efforts met only failure, for the sonal affairs, would solve the problem reason that individual men were not of how to secure right, and any gov- universal and last- ernment c an n o t ing peace ; but thelong be better than natural man is in- the units of which capable of reduc- it is composed. ing the golden rule There is absolutely to practice in his no hope or help in life. That rule is Qhuman nature. a perfect summary Man cannot lift of the last six pre- himself from the cents of the deca- moral slough into logue. It is the which he was ;A- "law and the t plunged by the prophets " con - 111 fall. He must cerning human have divine help. relationships con- Such help is found densed into less 41's only in the gospel 477 than a score of of our Lord and words, and that by Saviour Jesus our divine Lord '2;1  Christ. The only himself, the source perfect government The After-the-War Spirit as a London Paper Sees It of the law and the t h e children of prophets. And as he has put his law men will ever know is that which will into few words, so he is able to put it be established when Christ returns again into the heart and life of him who is to this earth as he has promised, not willing to receive it and to model his life only through many of the prophets, but by it. This, and this only, constitutes by his own words, as recorded by those the individual a new creature, a new who heard him, and preserved to us in man; and only in this way, namely, by the New Testament. the transformation of the individual A " new earth," a " new world," we units of society, can we ever have a new may expect, for that, too, is promised in world in the sense in which that term is the Scriptures of Truth. Isaiah 66: 22, now used by certain idealists. 23, records the divine promise of the new Men have always been anticipating a earth, and to this promise the apostle golden age, an ideal state to be attained Peter refers when he, in the third chap-by human aspiration and effort crys- ter of his second epistle, says that " we, tallized into human covenants and laws. according to his promise, look for new But this ideal has never been realized, heavens and a new earth, wherein dwell- nor can it ever be realized. eth righteousness." Civil rulers, espe- As long ago as the time of Plato and cially hereditary monarchs, do not like Aristotle men were wrestling with the the thought that their authority will ever same problem that still confronts the be superseded by another dynasty. They 