LIBERTY 29 teachers as to their religious qualifica-tions before they could 'be accepted as proper public-school instructors. When an employee of the state is subjected to a religious test, there is at once a violation of the Sixth Article of the Constitution, which reads that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office." The fact that we have many different bodies of religionists, and that a large  proportion of our citizens are unbeliev-ers, forbids that any one standard shall be erected and all others coerced into compliance with that; otherwise, untold strife and trouble would'be engendered. Again, it should be remembered that an institution supported by the state, the revenues of which are obtained from the taxes of all its citizens, can not be de-voted to sectarian teaching without vio-lating fundamental principles. K. c. R. The Church in Politics THE church of Jesus Christ though in the world should not consider itself of the world. The church is necessarily made up of individuals ; and concerning those individuals the Master himself de-clared that " they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world." When a church declares that it is " go-ing into politics," or when it goes into politics without the declaration, the world has a right to question whether that body is not misrepresenting rather than representing the One whom it pro-fesses to serve. The " church in poli-tics " is a misnomer. In truth there is no such thing. The meaning of the word church in the original proves this. That organization was the iKKXnalas, the called out. It was called out of the world, out of politics. When that organization faces about and goes into the world, into politics, it turns its back upon the One who called it out, and hears and answers a call from the opposite direction. Is it then " the church "? It may still cling to the name; but its heavenly credentials are gone, and it can no longer, as a body, reasonably expect divine leading. The moment the church, or the body calling itself such, ceases to be divinely led, it is certain to stumble, and to use its power and its influence in the wrong direction. Such was the condition of an organi-zation calling itself the church at the time when Pope Gregory IX issued the Decretals, of which the following is a portion : Š Temporal princes shall be reminded and exhorted, and if need be, compelled, by spiritual censures, to discharge every one of their functions; and that, as they would be accounted faithful, so, for the defense of the faith, they publicly make oath that they will endeavor, bona fide, with all their might to extirpate from their territories all heretics marked by the church; so that when any one is about to assume any authority, . . . he shall be held bound to confirm his title by this oath. And if a temporal prince, being required and admonished by the church, shall neglect to purge his kingdom from this heretical pravity, the metropolitan and other provincial bishops shall bind him in fetters of excommunication; and if he obstinately refuse to make satis-faction within the year, it shall be noti-fied to the supreme pontiff, that then he may declare his subjects absolved from their allegiance, and bestow their lands upon good Catholics, who, the her-etics being exterminated, may possess them unchallenged, and preserve them in the purity of the faith.Š Decretal Gregorii IX, lib. v, tit. vii, cap. xiii; quoted in " The Papacy," by Rev. J. A. Wylie, pages 137, 138. No church, with that name legiti-mately upon her, and no church mantled 