LibERti' letters as may be found in the reports of the Historical Manuscripts Commission, seems to show that the tendency was well marked in widely separated parts of the country from a period beginning comparatively early in Eliza-beth's reign. For example, Robert, bishop of Winchester, writes Oct. 7, 1570, to William More, Esq., at Losely: " Grace and peace. Where John Slifelde of Biftlete have heretofore binn admitted to kepe an Ale Howse, and for the well using thereof, as I thinke, is bounde be recognisaunce to our souveraigne Lady the Quene's majestie, so it is that he has this my last visitacion binn orderly detected to have mayntained dauncyng at his howse the Saboth day, and that in tyme of di-vine service. . . . Wherefore you shall do well for example sake to take some streight order with him in this behalf."_. Hist. MSS. Comm., Seventh Report, p. 623. Again, some fifteen years later, a successor, Thomas, bishop of Winchester, was prompted to issue a circular letter, May 13, 1585, " to the ministers, constables, churchwardens, and others of the several parishes of his diocese, against the impious and profligate maintenance of church ales, May games, Morrish daunces, other vain pastimes on the Saboth dayes."ÑId., p. 640. Among the town records of Ipswich there is preserved an order of Dec. 6, 1571, " for the better observance of the Sabbath day, that no inhabitant of Ipswich shall on that day open shop window or shop door for the purpose of selling wares on that day, the ordinance not to apply to butchers selling meat at hours other than the time of common prayer."Ñ Hint. MSS. Comm., Ninth Report, p. 254. On Dec. 6, 1599, it was further ordered that no waggoner or common carrier of Ipswich shall work on the Sabbath day; the order being made Ñ " forasmuch as the waggoners and comen car-riers of this towne have and doe usuallie be-gynne to travell towards London everie week on the Tuesdaie with there wagons and car-riages and doe come out of London on the Frydaye at afternoon and [apparently some word omitted, e. g., travel] by most part of the Sabothe daie to the great offense of Al-mighty God and contrarie to the lawes of the realme, and to the infamie and slander of this towne."Ñ Id., p. 256. To cite one more instance, the town authori-ties of Yarmouth ordered, Nov. 20, 1605, " That noe carter nor bruer nor any other shall travel with their cartes and horses, nor do any other business upon the Sabboth daye upon paine for every such default so offending, of xii d. to be levied by the churchwardens." Ñ Id., p. 318. The interesting thing is that all these orders emanate from or are enforced by the authori-ties,Ñbishops, justices of the peace, town councilors, and churchwardens,Ñ and are not the mere aspirations of the Puritan opposition. An extended study of the local records might furnish further evidence on the point, and modify the current views as to the attitude of the established order in church and state, a field in which Prof. R. G. Usher has done such valuable pioneer work in his " Reconstruction of the English Church."Ñ Arthur Lyon Cross, in the American Historical Review, January, 1916, pp. 310-314. The Macmillan Company, New York. Health and Sunday Observance Ñ How Related By A Preacher AMONG the various excuses put forth for regulating the business of other people on Sunday is that it is detrimental to health to work seven days in the week. There are a number of things that are detrimental to health, and if Congress starts in to legislate on health matters, it has a wide field to explore. It is essential to good health to get the proper amount of sleep (which is rest in the truest sense). It is essential, also, to eat the right kind of food, and at the proper time, and in the proper amount, and have it hygienically prepared and combined. It is proper that one should diet for dyspepsia, or have a limb am-putated because of a diseased bone. Certain  kinds of clothing are proper at different sea-sons of the year in order to have the adequate protection against cold in winter, and not suf-fer from heat in summer. Bathing is also necessary and very healthful, provided the temperature of the water is suited to the physical condition of the per-son. Many eminent physicians also tell us that it is detrimental to health to smoke. Shall Congress legislate on all these questions, and countless others that might be mentioned? If not, why do so on the Sabbath question from the standpoint of health? The state, it is true, may properly compel a citizen to be vaccinated, not because he will die if he contracts the 