LIBERTY .._..) C--  -----------.6 —,----_____--___5)  inhabitants thereof. Lev. 25 : 10 . Ct___-/ Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the VOL. I JULY, 1906 No. 2 Survey of the Field IN the progress of the world-wide con-troversy between liberty and despotism, two general movements are to be noted. In those lands whose governments have been established upon liberal principles there is a drifting away from the spirit of the earlier times, a tendency to forget the struggles by which the blessings of liberty were won, a relaxing of that eternal vigilance which is the price of liberty; as a result of which despotic principles are seeking to gain the ascendency. History is repeating itself in the cycle which runs from strength and prosperity to wealth, from wealth to lux-ury, from luxury to corruption, and from corruption to degeneracy and the loss of the power of self-government. Events which marked the last days of the Roman republic are so closely paralleled by events of recent occurrence in American history, that only a change of names and dates is needed to make the similarity complete. In those lands whose peoples have not had liberal government, on the other hand Š in papal lands and Russia Š there is a reaction from the oppression of priestcraft, which gives hope of bringing final emancipation and the blessings of full civil and religious freedom. But in the Protestant nations which lead and largely dominate the world to-day, there is a general retrograde move-ment, the influence of which must operate strongly to turn the tide against real lib-erty in all lands. It will be of interest to consider the situation in some countries separately. England. Š The contest for religious freedom in England centers around the question of public education. The victory of the " Liberal " party at the last parlia-mentary election meant the end of the edu-cational system under which non-conform-ists were obliged to support schools in which their children were taught the tenets of the established church and of the papacy. With the assembling of the new Parliament a new educational bill was brought forward by the president of the board of public education, Mr. Birrell, which gives justice to the non-conformists, but has aroused a storm of indignant protest from other parties throughout the country. The bill provides that after Jan. I, 1908, state aid to all church-schools will be stopped, and to secure such aid these schools must aban-don their denominational character, and be turned over to the educational authorities provided for in the bill, and these authorities shall have power to appoint teachers for the schools without regard to their religious belief. It is provided, however, that where the state occupies buildings erected by re-ligious denominations, the state is to pay rent for them as though they belonged to individuals. " Fundamental Christianity " will be recognized in the schools, but de-nominational tenets are only to be taught outside of school hours by outside teachers to be selected and paid by the denominations interested, and no pupil will be required by the school authorities to attend any such religious instruction. An exception is made 