THE SERAGLIO, PART OF THE SULTAN'S PALACE, CONSTANTINOPLE, TURKEY LIBERTY 139 Ł The rulers of civil governments are civil rulers, and their laws are civil laws. Their aim is to promote civility. They define the social privileges and civil du-ties of all within their jurisdiction. Civil government springs from the people, and derives its authority and just powers from the consent of the people. It ex-ists for the protection of the lives, prop-erty, and natural rights of its citizens. Its purpose is to promote the welfare of its subjects by securing to them every advantage that does not conflict with the rights of others. Thus civil govern-ment relates only to the temporal things of this world, and to this end it is ordained of God. The Church The church is an-o t h e r institution en-tirely. It is: " A for-mally organized body of Christian believers, observing the same rites, and acknowledg-ing the same ecclesias-tical authority." It will be observed that the church is designated by very different words from those used to define the state. It is a Christian, not a political body. Its foun-dation is in heaven; for it is built upon the eternal Rock, Christ Jesus. Eph. 2 : 20. It is " the church of the living God." I Tim. 3: 15. Its origin is di-vine, and its realm is the spiritual. The head of the church is Christ, and the church itself is the body of Christ. Eph. I : 22, 23. Every one that is in Christ is a member of his body. Eph. 5:30. And as the head directs the whole body and governs every movement of the limbs, so Christ designs to direct his spiritual body, the church. He himself arranged its organization, designated the various offices to be performed, and re-served the right to direct how men shall be chosen to fill these important offices. In fact, he alone can fit human beings to  perform the functions of the church. The church is a sacred organization. We read that Christ " loved the church, and gave himself for it ; that he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word, that he might pre-sent it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish." Eph. 5: 25-27. Such is the exalted, holy character the church must possess ; and as the spiritual, moral tone of the church as a body depends on the spirituality and purity of each in-dividual member composing it, every per-son who connects with the church is re-quired to be holy. " Be ye holy ; for I am holy," is the command of God. I Peter I : 16. There is no political organ-ization on earth that in any way meets or can meet the requirements of the church. How, then, can there be a un-ion between the church and the state? Instead of union with the world, the church is admonished to come out and be separate. 2 Cor. 6: 14-17. The sense in which the church is called out from the world, and in which it must be sepa-rate from the state, is made very plain both by the teaching and by the example of Christ when he was on earth. To those who opposed him he said, " Ye are from beneath : I am from above: ye are of this world; I am not of this world." 