150  LIBERTY Christian church becomes like the world, then it is no longer the salt of the earth, and can no longer act as a preservative. It can no longer save the world from the judgment of an offended God.' For this reason God has always mani-fested more concern over the condition of his church than over the condition of the world. If his church is what he wants it to be, God can work through it with almighty power for the conversion of the world. All God wants is the free chance to manifest himself to the world through his church. But if the church becomes corrupt or refuses to be a channel of divine light, God is given no opportunity to manifest his saving power either to the church or to the world. The salt has then lost its savor, the world its only light. This is the worst possible condi-tion that could arise. The greatest danger, therefore, is not that the world may do wickedly, but that the Christian church may lose its Chris-tianity. The danger, in other words, is not from the crimes of the wicked, but from the sins of the good ; not from the deeds that shock society, but from the respect-able sins that because of their popularity find easy entrance into the church and there perform their deadly work of dam-nation. The danger is not from what the pub-licans and sinners may do outside the church, but from what the Pharisees and scribes may do within the church ; not from the work of the saloon-keeper and the corrupt politician, but from the worldliness of church-members in good standing. " Take heed, and beware of covetous-ness," was the oft-spoken admonition of Jesus. Two characters, Balaam,  and Ju-das, stand out upon the pages of, history as an awful warning of the deadly na-ture of the sin of covetousness. And what will pride do? Pride cast down Lucifer from the position of covering cherub by the throne of God, and changed him into the devil. Is there any pride or any covetousness in the Christian church today ? The great crime of the ages, the cru-cifixion of the world's Redeemer, was committed not by the publicans and sin-ners, but by the Pharisees and the San-hedrin ; in other words, by the outwardly good, religious element in the church. Pilate would have saved Jesus, but the church element demanded his death. How much nearer shall we be to the kingdom of God when the church has succeeded in " turning the rascals out" of public office, but retains the respect-able Judases and the pious Pharisees in her own communion ? when she has re-formed the wicked cities, but harbors the deadly sins of pride and covetousness in her own bosom ? when she has cleansed Sodom, but has become herself like unto Capernaum ? There is something which in the sight of God is worse than the sins of Sodom, and that is the sin of having great light from heaven and hardening the heart against it. That was what the " good " city of Capernaum did, and therefore Christ declared that it would be more tolerable for Sodom in the day of judg-ment than for that city. Is any one concerned lest the church today should commit the sin of Caper-naum ? And when, by decreeing that only Christian men shall be eligible to public office, the church sets up an inducement for office-seekers to enter her fold from hypocritical motives, how much will this tend to the welfare of the church? What is to be gained by purifying the world at the cost of bringing corruption into the church? Jesus Christ when he was upon earth made no move to reform the cities, but he did cleanse the temple of God. Is it not possible, nay, even probable, that, were he on earth today, he would show more concern for the purifying of the churches than for the reforming of the cities and the setting up of Christian states? Let the cities be cleansed, by all means. 