The World's Christian Citizenship Conference W. F. MARTIN BEGINNING June 29 and closing July are to be present. The attendance is .ex-6 of the present year, there is to be held pected to be from ten to twenty thou-in the city of Portland, Oregon, the sec-  sand. Prominent among the speakers ond World's Christian Citizenship Con-  are to be eminent men and women of ference. This is to be a similar gather-  repute from the United States and the ing to the one held in Philadelphia, Nov. Old World. The range of subjects is 16-20, 1910. The coming conference is very extended. To get an idea of the to be a larger and more representative subjects and speakers note the following: gathering than the one held in Philadel-  " The Moral Progress of British Legis-phia. This meeting, as the one held in lation," Hon A. J. Balfour, London; 1910, is to be under the auspices of the " Municipal Reform," Rev. Dr. M. A. National Reform Association. At the Matthews, Seattle; " Missions and close of the preceding conference a reso-  World-Wide Peace," Rev. Dr. Andrew lution was passed asking the National Wallace Williamson, Edinburgh, Scot-Reform,Association to call a similar con-  land; " Christian Forces in the Levant," ference to be held on the Pacific Coast in Dr. Armenag Haigaizion, Asia Minor; 1913. Acting on this advice, the leaders " The Sabbath Question," Dr. John F. of that body came West, and after visit-  Carson, Brooklyn; " The Moral Implica-ing the principal cities on the Coast, lo-  tion of the Right of Suffrage," Pres. cated the conference in Portland and set-  Woodrow Wilson. Other prominent tled on the above-mentioned date. The speakers are to be Judge Ben Lindsey, first call issued gave .some of the main Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Secretary of reasons for the meeting, among which State William Jennings Bryan, Charles are these: Š Merle d'Aubigne (son of the noted his- " The immediate result to be sought torian), Dr. Bang (bishop of Norway), through this conference and through all and former Vice-President Fairbanks: the work of preparation for it, is the re- The above is only a partial list, but it vival and diffusion of national religion. is sufficient to give an idea of the range . . . It will promote respect for law, will of subjects and the class of speakers who rebuke profanity and enhance the efficacy are to take part. Further, it is stated in of the oath, will set public education in the Christian Statesman for May, 1912, its proper relation to morality and relig-  that " on the program of this conference ion, will help in securing the right of all it is proposed to have from seventy-five men to the day set apart for rest and to one hundred of the world's leading worship by the Creator." thinkers and actors for the uplift of hu- Further it is stated in' the call : Š manity, one man from each country of " We believe that this assembly will be the world." These men and the dele-in many respects the most significant gates are " to make a demonstration in gathering of Christian forces thus far in behalf of national Christianity in our history. . . . All in all, this conference own country." now promises to be one of the largest Again : " It is to prepare for the com- and certainly in every way the most rep-  ing of the Lord in civil affairs that the resentative world gathering ever held, second World's Christian Citizenship especially on the American continent." Conference, Portland, Oregon, June 29 The city of Portland makes a donation to July 6, 1913, is called."Š Christian of $15.000 in money, and grants to the Statesman, June, 1912. conference the use of its new auditorium. It should be remembered that this con- Prominent ministers, educators, and lay-  ference is to be held under the auspices men from different parts of the world of the National Reform Association. 76 