LIBERTY ii " So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God. Let us not therefore judge one another any more:" " for whatsoever is not of faith is sin." Rom. 14: 12, 13, 23. Your Honors, that they believe it was the voice of Christ that spoke the world into ex-istence: For he spake, and it was done; he commanded, and it stood fast.' The Seventh Day is Christ's Rest Day " They believe he made the first day, the second, the third, etc., in the first weekly cycle. That he made the seventh day, the Sabbath. That he kept the Sabbath, or rested on it; that he sanctified it, and blessed it. They helieve from their interpretation of the Bible, that it was the voice of Christ on the trembling peaks of Mt. Sinai that said, Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work.' They believe when Christ was on earth he kept the seventh day, Sabbath, and that he worked on Sunday, the first day of the week. They believe it was Christ that said : The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath: there-fore the Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath.' If the Son of man is Lord of the Sabbath, then it is logical to infer that Christ made the Sabbath, or he could not be Lord of the Sabbath. And if he is Lord of the Sabbath, then the seventh day, Sabbath, is the Lord's day. This is their religion. Give them the benefit of their conscience. Why not let them worship their God without legal moles-tation ?" Judge Armstrong : " The trouble is that no one is interfering with their Sabbath. They are transacting business on the other man's Sabbath." Mr. Simmons : " That is just the point, Your Honor. That is the argument that a great many of the honorable and learned judges make." Mr. Simmons : " Let us go back to the state-ment made by Your Honor to the effect that this law gives our people religious liberty. It is true, as Your Honor has suggested, that the statute permits them to observe the sev-enth day, Sabbath, but it compels them also to keep Sunday, to legally keep Sunday, by cessation from labor, notwithstanding the same God that enjoins them to keep the seventh day, Sabbath, also commands them to work six days, which would include Sunday. " This Sunday law compels them to do the very same thing, or, more properly speaking,  to refrain from doing the same thing, in order to legally keep Sunday that the law of God tells them they shall refrain from doing in order to keep the Sabbath. Thus they are required to give a Sabbath sanctity to Sunday that runs counter to their faith. Is that re-ligious freedom?" Majorities do Not Decide Religious Questions Judge Armstrong: "Conceding that that is correct Š has not the majority of the people the right to fix the rule of this country? The ma-jority of the citizens of the United States do not believe as your people, and when the majority makes a law, is it not as much the duty of the members of your church to observe that as anybody else? " Ł The Danger of the Tyranny of the Majority Mr. Simmons: " Your Honor, it is true the majority rules in civil matters. But is the majority always right? The danger of a des-potic government lies in the despot. The danger of a monarchical government lies in the monarch; and the danger of a democratic-republican form of government, like our own. lies in the majority. Can the majority make wrong right? Can the majority make an unconstitutional law constitutional? Can the majority legislate about inalienable rights which belong to the citizen and not to Ł the state? " James Madison, on this point, writes : Š "'Wherever the real power in a govern-ment lies, there is the danger of oppression. In our government the real power lies in the majority of the community, and the invasion of private rights is chiefly to be apprehended. not from acts of government contrary to the sense of its constituents, but from acts in which the government is the mere instrument of the major number of the constituents. This is a truth of great importance, but not yet sufficiently attended to. Wherever there is an interest and power to do wrong, wrong will generally be done, and not less readily by a powerful and interested party than by a power-ful and interested prince.' " We should be guardians of the religious liberty of all citizens. If the principle involved " Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help. . . . Happy is he that bath the God of Jacob for his help, whose hope is in the Lord his God." Ps. 546: 3-5. 