LIBERTY 15 ALFONSO XIII, ICING OF SPAIN has acted unjustly while claim-ing to represent God ; and the hearts of the people have re-volted. Where do we find nihil-ism and anarchy propagated in such luxuriant abundance as in church-and-state governments? Those blighting curses are the certain results of the operations of a government which dictates the religious faith and belief and practise of the people, and, as-suming to be God's representa-tive, outrages the people's sense of justice and righteousness. There rests the blame, not so much on the secular power as on the religious leaders, who ought to know better. Mention was made of the exil-ing of Jewish families and of the fact that the Russian govern-ment was founded on National Reform principles. The Jews are being exiled because of their religious affiliations. Says a Na-tional Reform advocate: Š We might add in all justice, if the opponents of the Bible do not like our government and its Christian fea-tures, let them go to some wild, desolate land, and in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it, and set up a government of their own on infidel and atheistic ideas; and then if they can stand it, stay there till they die. Š Rev. E. B. Graham, vice-president of the National Reform Association, in the Christian Statesman of May 21, 1885. Another official of the same organiza-tion, Rev. M. A. Gault, expressed prac-tically the same idea in these words: Š Our remedy for all the malefic influ-ences is to have the government simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not con-form to it. That is exactly what Russia is doing. The moral law is the basis of her code;  she recognizes God's authority behind it and in it and all through it; and she is Š or, rather, claims to be Š his le-gitimate and only legitimate representa-tive ; and she lays her hand on religions that do not conform to her ideas of what God meant in that law ; and her hand is often a heavy one, as they can testify who have felt its weight. But we believe that the liberties guar-anteed under the Constitution of the United States are of greater worth to the individual and to the nation than what Russia or any other church-and-state government that has ever been or ever will be in this present world has or ever will have to offer to any people. And because we believe that the Consti-tution of the United States, as it is, is a better guarantee of the liberty and pros- 