LIBERTY 171 This was especially true of the apos-tles, and of the Reformers of the six-teenth century. Luther said: Š " We must leave results to God. It is not we that must work, but his word. And why so? you may ask. Because the hearts of men are not in my hand as clay in the hand of the pot-ter. We have a right to speak, but none what-ever to compel. Let us preach; the rest be-longs to God. If I resort to force, what shall I gain? Š Grimace, fair appearances, apings, cramped uniformity, and hypocrisy. But there will be no hearty sincerity, no faith, no love. Where these are wanting, all is wanting; and I would not give a straw for such a vic-tory. . . . "I am ready to preach, argue, write, but I will not constrain any one; for faith is volun-tary. Call to mind what I have already done. I stood up against Pope, indulgences, and papists; but without violence or tumult. I brought forward God's word; I preached and wrote, and there I stopped. And whilst I laid me down and slept, or chatted with Amsdorff and Melanchthon, the word I had preached brought down the power of the Pope to the ground, so that never prince or emperor had dealt him such a blow. For my part I did next to nothing; the power of the word did the whole business. Had I appealed to force, Ger-many might have been deluged with blood. But what would have been the consequence? Š Ruin and destruction of soul and body. Ac-cordingly, I kept quiet, and let the word run through the length and breadth of the land." " No secular sword can advance this cause. God must do all without the aid or cooperation of man. He who has most faith is the most availing defense."ŠD'Aubigne, "History of the Reformation," book 9, chap. 8. How vastly different the leaders of the churches talk and act today ! Instead of looking to the great Head of the church to carry on his work with mighty power, their eyes are turned imploringly to the state. They appeal to the government for help. " We must have vigorous ad-ministration of law," is the battle cry of the church today. This cry is heard in the annual meetings of the churches, and from the pulpits and the religious press. Various organizations are formed to take charge of special lines of work. The masses are urged to cooperate with these organizations, and to give force to their demands by signing petitions which are presented by influential deputations to members of Congress and to legislative committees. The Oklahoma Sunday Cases THE Sunday law cases in Oklahoma have been appealed to the supreme court, and a decision is awaited with interest. The particular point involved in these cases is whether or not the term " servile labor " includes selling goods from a store. In the lower court it was held that it did not, and that therefore the statu-tory exemption in favor of those observ-ers of " another day of the week as holy time " does not extend to those who are engaged in merchandising, or as the statute expresses it, engaged in " public traffic," on Sunday. It is believed, how-ever, that the supreme court will hold that the intent of the legislature was to exempt from the prohibition of the statute all secular pursuits that might be engaged in by observers of " some day other than Sunday," whether technically servile or not. Then, too, there is a serious consti-tutional question involved, and the whole Sunday law of the State may be declared void. C. P. B. Religious Affiliations of the'Jus-tices of the Supreme Court FREQUENT inquiries are made con-cerning the religious affiliations of the several members of the Supreme Court. " Here is a statement," remarks an exchange, " taken from reliable sources, which will answer all inquiries and set-tle disputes and misstatements : "Š " President Taft, during his term of office, appointed the following members of the Su- preme Court: Horace H. Lurton, an Episco-palian; Charles E. Hughes, a Baptist [resigned June 1o] ; Willis Van Devanter, a Methodist; Joseph Rucker Lamar [deceased], a Christian Disciple; and Mahlon Pitney, a Presbyterian. The other members of the Supreme Court are: William R. Day, a member of the Dutch Re-formed Church; Oliver Wendell Holmes, a Unitarian; Joseph McKenna, a Catholic; Ed-ward Douglas White, chief justice, a Catholic; and Louis D. Brandeis, a Jew." SOCRATES was murdered by the Athe- nian people because he endeavored to set their minds free. 