178 LIBERTY world, and therefore could not in its na-ture be subject to human laws; that the certificates heretofore required were given to parish officers, officers of one particular sect, and not to officers of the government ; and as our Constitution says, ' No subordination of any one sect or denomination to another shall ever be established by law,' those laws are re-pealed thereby. And as the Constitution was established by the people, it is stronger than any law the assembly can make, it being the foundation whereon they stand. Also the society to which the appellant joined is as regular a society as the other that taxed him. " These points were learnedly dis-cussed on March 16, 1782 ; after which the justices retired a little by themselves, and then returned, and declared that they were unanimously agreed in giving the appellant ' damages and costs.' Which judgment not only settled the contro-versy in Attleboro, but has been exten-sively beneficial elsewhere. " If natural birth and the doings of others could make a person a member of a religious society without his own consent, we should have no objection against the way of withdrawing from such a society that our opponents plead for. But since religion is ever a matter between God and individuals, how can any man become a member of a religious society without his own consent? And how can a man who believes it to be impossible, practically say that it is pos-sible, without contracting guilt of con-science ? This is the exact state of our controversy about religious liberty. We have been very far from perfection in our behavior therein, but we have not been accused of disobedience to govern-ment and of disturbing the public peace, because of our ever invading the rights of others, but only because we will not give up our own. It is because we have chosen suffering rather than to sin against God. We believe that attend-ance upon public worship, and keeping the first day of the week holy to God, are duties to be inculcated and enforced  by his laws, instead of the laws of men." The writer sagely adds: " Yet many are still attached to the errors of our fathers, while they are resolutely set against their virtues. The fathers of this town and government mistook the work of civil rulers so much as to imag-ine that they were to inflict corporal pun-ishments upon men as sinners against God, and not only for crimes against the community." In a footnote he adds : " In Israel God was their only lawgiver ; and our fathers run into their error by attempting to form a Christian common-wealth in imitation of the theocracy of the Jews." He then reasons from the viewpoint of the relation of rulers to the people : Š " Not only America, but all the king-doms and states of Europe, which have acknowledged the authority of our Con-gress, have set their seal to this truth, that the highest civil rulers derive their power from the consent of the people, and cannot stand without their support. And common people know that there is nothing more contrary to the rules of honesty than for some to attempt to con-vey to others things which they have no right to themselves ; and no one has any right to judge for others in religious af-fairs." The evident argument in this is that as the people have no right to judge for others in religious affairs, they cannot convey that right to rulers whom they may appoint. This is a sound argument. " The name Protestant is no longer to be a test of our legislators ; and to per-suade the people to yield thereto, the compilers of the Constitution said to them, ' Your delegates did not conceive themselves to be vested with power to set up one denomination of Christians above another ; for religion must at all times be a matter between God and in-dividuals.' This is a great truth, and it proves that no man can become a mem-ber of a truly religious society without his own consent ; and also that no cor-poration that is not a religious society can have a right to govern in religious 