22 LIBERTY of the principles and purposes of the asso-ciation which you represent? Not only am I personally in hearty accord with any movement which has for its object the pres-ervation of one day's rest in seven, but the American Federation of Labor has emphat-ically declared itself in favor of the Sunday rest day, and it has done as much, if not more, than any other organized body of men and women to enforce the observance of the Sunday rest day. "Again expressing my regret that circum-stances prevent my attending the meeting of your association, with every wish for your success, I have the honor to remain, " Very respectfully yours, (Signed) " SAMUEL GOMPERS, " President A. F. of L." Not only has Mr. Gompers thus declared himself and the great organization which he represents as champions of the cause of Sunday rest by civil enactment, but Mr. John Mitchell, the president of the Ameri-can Federation of Miners, has also com-mitted himself to the question of Sunday legislation in a letter written to Miss Mary Ogden White, Field Secretary of the New York Branch of the Woman's National Sabbath Alliance, to which reference was also made. The danger which underlies the action of the labor union in this matter is most clearly outlined by the New York Independ-ent, of Oct. I, 1903, as follows : Š " No one can watch the recent develop-ment of trade-unionism, with all its unques-tioned value and importance, and not be impressed by the rapidity with which it is tending to become a dogmatic religion, sur-charged with bigotry, fanaticism, and super-stition. The unions have erected Sunday into a sabbath of the faithful. The trades-unions embrace possibly two and a half million members. If they are all to become dogmatic religionists, the days of persecu-tion ' for the faithful' are not over." The editor of the Independent saw the dangers from the labor organizations only; but add to these organizations the great In-ter-Church Federation movement, the Fed-erated Catholic societies, and a number of other influential organizations which are seeking for the same thing, and we can comprehend something of the strength and magnitude of the movement for Sunday en-forcement. Much was made of the fact that the  first English settlers in America brought with them the Sunday institution, and pro-tected it and enforced its observance by law. It is true that they did this, but this does not prove that what they did was right. They brought with them also the church-and-state theory of government, and very soon set up a religious establishment here, under which Baptists, Presbyterians, and others suffered much injustice and not a little persecution. But in 1779, when the true theory of civil government was being developed in this country, this establishment was set aside by an act of the Virginia Assembly as an improper thing in civil gov-ernment, just as every Sunday law in the land should be; for, since the days of Con-stantine, Sunday laws have been the very essence and tap-root of religious establish-ments. Attention was also called to the fact that the Jamestown Exposition had been closed on Sunday. Had it not been, the chairman stated that neither he nor any of the dele-gates would have been there. In other words, we presume they would have boy-cotted the Exposition, as they did the Chi-cago Exposition of 1893, and the members of Congress who refused to vote for its Sunday closing, as well. Much Alleged Concern for the Laboring Man The chief arguments made by the speak-ers were intended to show the great bless-ings which accrue to the poor laboring man through Sunday laws, by his being relieved from Sunday toil, and to set forth all who oppose Sunday legislation as the enemies of the working man. None should be deceived, however, by these arguments, for the facts are that the chief concern of the leaders in this move-ment is not the securing of mere Sunday rest for the laboring man, but rather the religious observance of the day. Let not this point be forgotten. This was clearly evident from an earnest discussion on the part of Rev. Frederick J. Stanley, D. D., of New York, and Rev. M. D. Kneeland, D. D., of Boston, Mass., who argued that they should work for laws for the day of rest under the title of " Lord's day " instead of Sunday. There was a time when the promoters of Sunday legislation, in order to secure the support of labor organizations for the enactment of Sunday laws as " civil rneas- 