Group of Christian Women, Changsha, China The Value of Democratic Ideals in Oriental Nations By C. S. Longacre NE of the greatest curses which has O afflicted the peoples of southern and eastern Asia, binding their nations in chains of darkness and oppression, and greatly retarding the progress of their civilization, is their strange and rigid caste system. There is no influence so potential and actual in its effectiveness in breaking down the power of the caste system, outside of the Christian economy and principle of universal brotherhood, as the democratization of the civil government. The inculcation of the ideals of human liberty and equality as set forth in a democratic form of government has done more for the liberal-ization and emancipation of China from the bondage of the caste system appears the sur- remedy that has been found for the evils of the caste system in India and China has been the peaceable introduction of representative gov-ernment, with equal and just laws, guaranteeing civil and religious freedom and universal citi-zenship and brotherhood. The spirit and purpose of humanitarian and democratic ideals propounded and set forth by the government for the benefit of all the people in every station in life, has broken the chains and shackled of caste tyranny in the Orient. The republic of China, because of its very form of government, unconsciously has done more to overthrow the wretched caste system than have all the arguments of contempt and ridicule that have been heaped upon it. We can help India and China to rise to their supreme station of nobility among the nations and to dwell in tranquillity, by assisting them in perfecting their ideals of democracy, and in placing " the common man" on an equality with other men before the law in matters of essential justice and natural rights. We can lift the world to a higher plane in our dealings with one another only when we regard our neighbor's rights as sacredly as we do our own. Not hate and jealousy, but mutual love and sympathy, is the law of progress and peace. c. s. L. than upon face. The Chinese Republic, imper-fect as it is at present, instead of making an ostensible attack on the debasing evils of the terrible caste system, has just naturally under-mined its progress and stability by training the people to think and act along the lines of democratic ideals and forms of government. Slavery could not exist long after the Decla-ration of Independence burned the full meaning of the great truth into the hearts of the Amer-ican people, that " all men are created equal." Outside of Christianity, the most effective THE Christian church had no religio-political beginning. She had no Sunday laws, no com-pulsory ecclesiastical taxes, no state-controlled clergy, no state endowments, no state dignities and titles; on the contrary, the primitive church began with a treasurer who stole all the money and forsook her, and with the mightiest empire the world ever saw, angrily arrayed against her and determined to blot her out of existence.  Yet with no reliance upon civil power, but absolute faith in her Lord, the primitive church of Christianity went forth " conquering, and to conquer," armed only with her message of love and peace and good will to all men. The hope of the church is in her Lord and his abiding presence in her midst. The triumph of the church lies in the recognition of the divine Presence and her reliance upon spiritual power. 99 