12 LIBERTY of the majority are " backward States," we are unable to agree with another champion of the National Reform organi-zation, Dr. Wylie. In a book recently pub-lished on Sabbath laws in the United States, by means of a map of this country, he repre-sents the States that have the most rigid Sunday laws, in pure and spotless white, and the States that have no Sunday laws, in black, as shown in one of the accom-panying cuts. This is indeed a most forcible illustration of the following words of inspiration : " Woe unto them that . . . put darkness for light, and light for darkness " (Isa. 5 : 2o) ; for we have seen from the logic of Mr. Wylie's brother in National Reformism that all States which have Sunday laws are " backward States," and hence should be represented by black instead of white. History denominates as the " Dark Ages " the days of which these " backward States " are symbols. Ł So it would seem very fitting to have the States which have Sunday laws represented in black, and those that have no Sunday laws, in spotless white. The accompanying cuts will enable the reader to contrast the " backward States " with those that are not as yet in the " back-ward " list. It is high time that every loyal statesman and Christian patriot should awaken and firmly take his stand against the encroach-ments that are being made upon the honor of their Commonwealth by the zealous but misguided men who are seeking to turn our States and nation " backward " to the darkness, superstition, and intolerance of medieval times. The Evils of a State,Established Religion WHEN temporal advantages are annexed to any religious profession, they will be sure to call in all those who have no relig-ion at all: knaves will embrace it for the sake of interest, fools will follow them for the sake of fashion ; and when once it is in such hands, Omnipotence itself can never preserve its purity.Š Jenyn. TIME has proved that liberty depends on the state of the mind and the purpose of the heart, rather than on the place on the map where the dwelling of men is marked.Š Youth's Companion. The Struggle for Religious Liberty in Reformation Times W. A. SPICER EVERY line of this stirring story has its lessons of inspiration and of warning for our own time. To-day the church faces the same tempta-tion which came to it in the latter days of the old Roman empire, when power to use political methods fell within its grasp. Neander, the church historian, says of that time: Š " The church was now exposed to the temptation of appropriating a foreign might for the prosecution of its ends,Š a tempta-tion ever ready to assail man the moment the Spirit is no longer sovereign alone, but the flesh intermeddles with its proper work. Looking only at the holy end which he fancies himself in pursuit of, any means that can subserve it seems good to him. He does not consider that the truth itself. forced on man otherwise than by its own inward power, becomes falsehood." The worldly church fell before the temp-tation. The very idea of liberty of con-science became a heresy deserving of death. It is no answer to the dark record to say the punishment was for disobedience of " civil law," and that it was not the church but the civil authorities that executed the harsh penalties. The civil authorities were under the domination of a worldly church. Religious leaders boasted of their power to put men out of political life or to coerce them in office. As Lea says, in his " His-tory of the Inquisition : "Š " If, however, from any cause the secular authorities were reluctant to execute the death sentence, the church had little cere-mony in putting forth its powers to coerce obedience." Religion, making use of civil power to advance its supposed interests, was respon-sible for the cruel history. The only way to repudiate that history is to repudiate ut-terly the evil principle of union of religion and the state. Christ has laid down the Christian prin-ciple in the words, " My kingdom is not of this world." It was loyalty to the relig-ion of Christ that led men and women through centuries of religious despotism to contend for freedom of -conscience and the spiritual nature of divine truth. Their suf-ferings preserved the idea of soul liberty 