THE STRUGGLE FOR RELIGIOUS LIBERTY IN VIRGINIA A Documentary Volume of Great Value Religious liberty is treated in this book as defined to be " the natural right of every soul to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. It does not make it a matter of indifference what a man believes or how he acts, but it places all on the same footing before God, the only Lord of the conscience, and makes us responsible to him alone for our faith and practise." This kind of relig-ious liberty is what our forefathers fought to preserve, yet their followers of the present generation, through lack of knowl-edge, are fast losing a proper conception of its sacredness. This book traces the struggle for relig-ious liberty through three periods: Before the Revolution ; During the Revolution; After the Revolution. It cites the impor-tant part taken in this great movement by the leading characters of .the times. It is a thrilling work of a practical na-ture. 227 pages, plain cloth binding, $1.25, post-paid. REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Washington, D. C. A Friend in the Kitchen IT A common-sense health cook-book is a constant, invaluable aid to the house-wife. Such a book is "A Friend in the Kitchen," and one especially adapted to the needs of the majority of people. It is vegetarian throughout, and contains much matter not found in an ordinary cook-book, such as substitutes for meat, how to can fruit, how to make unfer-mented bread an wine, how to become a vegetarian, rules for dyspeptics, the pulse in health, weights and measures for the kitchen, etc., etc. It contains a de-partment on how to can fruit that is worth many times the price of the book. Its treatise on vegetarianism is among the best in existence. Besides the large amount of general matter, it contains 400 choice, thoroughly tested recipes, all of which will be found good and practical. Bound in oilcloth, 50 cents. Substantially bound in limp cloth, 25 cents. Order of LIFE AND HEALTH, Takoma Park Station, Washington, D. C. For Religious Liberty Workers Religious Liberty Leaflets A SERIES of tersely written tracts, en-velope size, covering the most important phases of the religious liberty question. 1 Principles Too Little Understood  5/2 2 Sunday Laws  /2 3 Logic of Sabbath Legislation  Y2 4 The Civil Sabbath  44 5 Civil Government and the Church  6 Religious LibertyŠWhat Eminent Au- thorities Say  34 7 The Church's Greatest Need To-Day  8 Church Federation  44 o Limits of Civil Authority  Y4 to A Vital QuestionŠIs the Sabbath a Civil Institution ?  is What Are Works of Charity and Ne- cessity ?  % 12 " Backward States "  % 13 Alexander Campbell on Moral Societies 1% 14 William Lloyd Garrison on Sunday Laws Y.: 55 Sunday Mail Reports  Y4 Complete Set, post-paid, o cents Religious Liberty Post- Cards CARTOONS have had a large place in molding public sentiment. The cartoons which have appeared in Liberty have been prepared with the idea of impress-ing the mind with the principles at stake in this great question of religious liberty. The Religious Liberty Post-cards are facsimiles of some of the best of these cartoons, and have been heartily wel-comed by all lovers of religious liberty as a means of spreading the principles of this important subject. There are ten different cards in the complete set, printed in assorted colors. Single set, post-paid $ Five or more, each  .o6 Review and Herald Publishing Association New York City WASHINGTON, D. C. South Bend, Ind. 