172 LIBERTY fruit or a few vegetables from his gar-den for use on his own table, if he should engage in these harmless activities on the first day of the week, or, as the erudite framers of the law have perspicuously defined the period of time interdicted, as beginning " at twelve o'clock on Satur-day afternoon," and as ending " at twelve o'clock on the following afternoon," whatever that may mean to persons of ordinary intelligence. " It is a curious law for the protection of labor which punishes the laborer for working," observes Justice Henshaw, in the decision before referred to. " Such protection to labor, carried a little fur-ther, would send him from the jail to the poorhouse."Š California Reports, Vol. CXII, page 468. Inquiry may be made Ł regarding the present statutes affecting wage-earners in California. While the State has not been committed by its legislators to the folly of Sunday legislation, since the repeal of the old law in 1883, the interests of labor have not been forgotten. An act, still operative, provides a respite from labor " one day in seven," and makes it unlaw-ful for an employer to exact more than six days of labor consecutively, without according to his employees one day of rest. The violation of this act, as of that making eight hours a day's labor, is pun-ishable as a misdemeanor, and the State Bureau of Labor is engaged at this time in the diligent enforcement of both these laws without expense to the individuals affected. What, then, is the real object of pre-senting the Sunday-closing law as a boon to labor ? An answer is found in the unguarded admissions of its advocates. The Rev. W. F. Crafts, of Washington, D. C., secretary of the National Reform Bureau, who has been lecturing in Cali-fornia in the interest of a Sunday law, declared not so very long ago at Wichita, Kans.: " We are laboring with all our might to carry the religious sabbath with our right arm, and the civil sabbath with our left. Hundreds of thousands will receive it as a religious institution, and all the rest will receive it as a civil in- stitution, and thus we will sweep in the whole nation." And why are they so desirous of sweeping in the whole nation? " Give us good Sunday laws, well enforced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers," wrote the Rev. S. V. Leech, D. D., in the Homiletic Review, as long ago as November, 1892. There it is. Sunday laws are wanted, and will be " enforced," in order that the churches may be " full of worship-ers." And there is a union of church and state! Is it any wonder that the people of California do not want it? To invoke the initiative would require at the present time the signatures of more than 31,000 duly qualified voters on the petition asking for any enactment, based upon the total vote for governor at the last State election, when nearly 400,000 votes were cast for the various candidates. Since that time the franchise has been extended to women ; and their registration, if taken into account, would compel the acquirement of approximately 6o,000 signatures for the submission of any measure to the direct vote of the people. But notwithstanding a voting population of from 800,000 to t,000,000, as variously estimated, the advocates of the proposed Sunday law, after a lengthy campaign, succeeded in enrolling only 8,714 signatures. California still is re-sponsive to the principles of civil and religious liberty. If the state had any right to compel any or all of its citizens to suspend work on Sunday, with equal right it could com-pel any or all of them to refrain from labor on any other day of the week. Nay, more, with equal consistency, it could prohibit its citizens from working at all, or even declare that they should work all the time, thus reducing them to slavery. But California has seen that all such enactments are subversive of the free- dom of mankind, vouchsafed by the Crea- tor, and guaranteed by the fundamental laws of State and nation. Despite the just provisions of civil constitutions, for many years California alone of all the 