/4 LIBERTY by special legislation, there is no telling to what length these money sharks would have gone. The man who makes the war an excuse to inflate his rent, and serves notice on his poor tenants to vacate be-cause he can get double the price for his rooms, is a war grafter. The jobber or dealer who asks three or four times the price he paid for his wares because war conditions prevail, is not a loyal citizen of his country. Why should the fathers and mothers who are sacrificing their sons, giving their savings, and economizing in every way to assist their country, be exploited by money hoarders? Yet when these fathers and mothers grieve over the loss  of their sons, they are stigmatized as slackers by these same profiteers. Many of the profiteers are biding un-der the garb of religion, and displaying the stars and stripes as an evidence of their patriotism. But there is no Chris-tianity or patriotism in the soul of any man who stoops so low as to exploit the vital interests of his country and the ne-cessities of suffering humanity for self-aggrandizement, when the life of the na-tion is in the balance. Everybody should economize and sacrifice. This is no time to manufacture millionaires. Liberty, justice, and democracy demand our mu-tual sacrifice and co-operation during this hour of national crisis. THE EFFECT OF THE REFORMATION ON CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS LIBERTY By Paul N. Pearce LIKE other great events in history which really are not appreciated for their greatness until a time is reached sufficiently far distant to gain a clear perspective of their influ-ence upon civilization, the Reformation stands out on the pages of history as the greatest liberty-bestowing movement in the annals of the world. The term " Reformation " is here meant to include the movements begun by Knox, Calvin, and the Wesleys, as well as the German reform inaugurated by Luther. While the doctrines and be-liefs of these various teachers differed widely, each contributed his share to the success of the Reformation. Protestant-ism could not have been Protestantism had it not opened the way for those hold-ing differing views to preach them as they chose. The influence of Protestantism upon civil and religious liberty is becoming more evident year by year. From one viewpoint it has been said that the Ref-ormation was the cause of the present world struggle. Says Dr. Swisher, of George Washington University : " This war is a war for civil liberty, and is a direct result of the seeds of constitutional civil liberty which were given life at the time of the Reformation." At first this may seem remote from the actual facts, but we are safe in assuming that the Reformation is at least indirectly the cause of the greatest war in history. Men dare today to re-sist autocracy, because of the principles taught four centuries ago. Inasmuch as Protestantism is based upon the principle of the rights of the individual, one is justified in expecting that it would be favorable to liberty, both civil and religious. Heeren's four-period divisions of the Reformation makes this clear. During the opening period, from 1517 to 1556, Francis I and Charles V kept up a continual rivalry, and although neither of these took his stand for the Reformation, yet their enmity against each other gave opportunity for it to de-velop and expand. During the upheaval in Germany as a whole, liberalizing influences were at work also in the component parts of the 