138 LIBERTY history, it is history today. There are thousands of young men in this nation today who aspire to political preferment who have that same temptation presented to them. The young men who ought to be at the front in our political life draw back, and say they will not enter, because they will not go through with the things  that are necessary to be done in order to . . . I stand here in behalf of the young manhood of this nation. I appeal to you in their behalf to take the power away from the liquor traffic, to take from it the protection of the United States gov-ernment. ttt tL The Nation's Greatest Burden Statement of Hon. Morris Sheppard, a United States Senator From the State of Texas THE liquor traffic is a permanent men-ace to the nation. It is the distribution for profit of a habit-producing drug in liquid form,Š a seductive poison that breaks down the vital processes of the body ; destroys the capacity to resist dis-ease ; undermines intelligence, strength, and health ; impairs the moral senses ; composes the chief source of poverty, in-sanity, feeble-mindedness, sickness, and crime ; and transmits a, hereditary taint that seriously handicaps posterity. It is the enemy of virtue, honor, manhood, Š all that life holds sacred, all that life hblds true. It is diverting from productive channels a sum now ap-proximating two and a quarter billions of dollars every year, representing an ever-growing proportion of the earnings of the people,Š a sum which would oth-erwise be used in building and improv-ing homes ; in providing for substantial needs, such as clothing, food, shoes, other comforts and necessities ; for edu-cation ; for benevolent undertakings of all kinds. It is time for the nation to act when more money is being spent every year for intoxicating liquors than for bread or for clothes. Such is the power of the drug that men will vote against it. speak against it, pray against it, and then hold out their trembling hands for the glass that damns. Surely it is a short-sighted statesmanship that would permit $2,000,000,000 to be worse than wasted each year in the production of misery and vice and shame in order  that the government might obtain a rev-enue of $22o,000,000. If this republic cannot live without the dirty dollars it obtains from the liquor traffic, dollars stained with the tears of women and chil-dren, it ought not to live. There are legitimate sources of revenue yet un-touched. There are few direct taxes on luxuries. The income tax has little more than scratched the surface of enormous wealth. There is no federal inheritance tax. Nonalcoholic beverages are un-taxed. The national domain, with meas-ureless mineral resources, water powers, forests, and the like, could be managed so as to produce a yearly usufruct of fifty or one hundred millions. The pen-sion roll at last gives promise of decline. It is safe to say that many millions of the American people desire this amend-ment submitted. Whether you believe in it or not, give the American people a chance to discuss it and to pass upon it. If it should be rejected, one phase of a great issue will have been definitely settled at least for a long period. If it should be adopted, the blessings of Heaven will be yours for having aided in securing one of the mightiest reforms of time. We believe that we are entitled to have this tremendous question sub-mitted to the American people acting through the American States. All that we ask is the American privilege and the American right of presenting our cause in the proper forum of American Con-stitutional opinion. 