News and Notes ORDERS have been given by the depart-ment of public safety of Scranton, Pa., " that the police must enforce the Sunday closing laws." EIGHTEEN ministers representing the local ministerial association waited on Mayor Turnbull at the city hall in Canton, Ohio, on May 14, and asked him " to en-force the Sunday law by closing saloons and theaters and stopping all Sunday base-ball." A DISPATCH from Fort Worth, Tex., re-ports that " Tarrant County authorities state that in future attention will be given to violation of the Sunday law where clerks are compelled to labor on the Sabbath when there is no necessity for their doing so," and that " one indictment has already been returned." IT was reported from Elmira, N. Y., on May 26 that " the Civic Federation, com-posed of local ministers, has served formal notice on Mayor Brockway and the police board that unless Sunday baseball games are stopped in this city, efforts for the re-moval of the mayor and police commission-ers from office will be made." BY a vote of nineteen to five the city council of Grand Rapids, Mich., has en-acted " a Sunday theater closing ordinance," which " is in harmony with and supple-mentary to the State law regarding Sun-day amusements." The action of the council " is receiving a great deal of com-ment, both favorable and unfavorable." A MINNESOTA newspaper observes that " Sunday closing appears to be getting pop-ular " in that State, and notes that at New Olm recently " the saloon-keepers took the lead, and a majority of them petitioned the city council for a strict enforcement of the law." And " the novelty of Sunday closing is being experienced by a great many other towns of the State." ON the charge of violating the Sunday law against labor four employees in the metal factory of Samuel Hauer, at 23 Richardson St., Brooklyn, N. Y., were ar-rested at the factory on Sunday, May 20, and were held for trial. " Several members of a church in the neighborhood complained of the noise made by the men," and " an-other complainant was Samuel Stein, a former employee of Hauer, who is now in business for himself." " Recently Stein  was compelled by the police to stop run-ning his factory on Sunday, and he be-lieved Hauer was back of this action." " FOR keeping his place of business open on Sunday," John Marty, a butcher, was fined one dollar in the police court at St. Paul, Minn., on April 25. " Mr. Marty argued to the court that it was a godsend to the poor people who could not purchase ice, to have butcher shops opened on Sundays, and said it was owing to his not employing union men in his shop that he had been prosecuted for Sunday opening." REV. A. P. ZECHEL, of Appleton, Wis., bad such a zeal for the Sunday closing law which had been put in force there that he himself violated the law in order to secure evidence against a saloon-keeper who was breaking it. He went into a saloon on Sunday and purchased a glass of beer, contrary to the law, the result being that he was arrested on the charge " working on the Sabbath," was brought into court, and found guilty. He appealed the case. THE Commissioners of the District of Columbia on May 12 received a petition protesting " against Sunday baseball play-ing on a vacant lot adjoining Mount Tabor church in Georgetown," which " was signed by a large number of residents in the neigh-borhood." The matter was referred to the chief of police with instructions " to make the complaint the subject of an investiga-tion, and, if necessary, to have the ball players arrested." A DISPATCH from Greenwich, Conn., un-der date of May 6 reported that " Sunday baseball playing, which was a feature in Greenwich all last season, came to a sudden stop to-day, when Sheriff Ritch and four town constables, acting under orders from Prosecuting Attorney Henry B. White, called off two games and sent three thou-sand spectators home." It is stated that " the churches suffered in the matter of attendance " because of the Sunday games. STRICT Sunday closing of business places was recently secured in Greeley, Colo., through the influence of the W. C. T. U. Proprietors were notified by the sheriff that they must close up, and the day following, this notice appeared in the window of one of the drug-stores : " The city marshal was ordered by the W. C. T. U. to close all business houses on Sunday, therefore this store will remain closed till further notice, 