LIBERTY 53 pression in all times and places when they raise their masked heads Š the bishops and ecclesiastics of every sort and condition." The Parliament of Paris and the other sovereign courts, the courts of the pla-telet, even an ordinary tribunal of jus-tice, had the right to burn publicly any writing judged to be contrary to religion, morals, or the state, and nearly every great work of the eighteenth century shared this fate. The arrest of the au-thors, printers, dealers, as well as the confiscation of all discoverable copies, followed whenever possible, and there were few famous French authors in the  century who did not taste the bitterness of the Bastille or of exile. It is this fact that gives a certain moral worth to even the worst of the literature of the period. If men wrote recklessly, they also wrote bravely. In the case of the philosophers this must excuse much exaggerated misunderstanding of reli-gion and morals. They were in earnest, and they were in danger, and in some strange way one is thus forced to give Voltaire and Diderot, D'Alembert, and Rosseau, some of the credit we give the martyrs of the church they attacked.Š" The French Revolution," Shailer Math-ews, pp. 70-72, ed. 1911. Asking the State to Enforce a Church Creed A Vigorous Protest Needed THE Lord's Day Alliance now admits that they are endeavoring to enforce a church creed and religion through civil legislation. We surmised that this was their motive in advocating compulsory Sunday observance, but they always as-serted that their aims were purely civil and not religious. Now, however, .they frankly admit that they are seeking Sun-day legislation to enforce a church creed and to protect Sunday as a religious in-stitution. John McDowell, D. D., in the Lord's Day Leader, Vol. I, No. 3, says: Š " The attitude of the church on the Sunday-rest question is manifested not only in its creed, but also in the actual work it is doing to put its creed into practice. The church has organized Sunday-rest organizations in nearly every country of the world. Through the Lord's Day Alliance of the United States and the various State and district associations the church does a twofold work in the interest of Sunday rest." According to Mr. McDowell, the church, first of all, seeks to prevent the creed from being legally nullified, as he puts it, by " legislation which threatens the interest of Sunday rest ; " and sec-ondly, he asserts, " the church seeks also  to enforce the Sunday laws for the pro-tection of the day." We have frequently asserted that the object of every Sunday law is to pro-tect the day and to enforce a church dogma. If a rest law were designed to protect the welfare of the individual and afford opportunity to recuperate his nat-ural powers, it should compel him to rest at night each day of every week, instead of only once a week, and that on Sunday. Nature's appointed season for rest is at night, not in the daytime. Christ and his apostles were not less active on the Sab-bath than on other days. The Sabbath day was never ordained to be spent in idleness. One of the great sins of Sodom was idleness. The only possible basis of a Sunday law is religion, and a false notion of religion at that. Physical idle-ness on the Sabbath day is not Christ's view of the proper observance of the day, but the self-righteous Pharisee's notion. Christ said it was lawful to do well on the Sabbath, and to make the day a spir-itual delight instead of a burden. Another thing which we knew all the time, and which Dr. McDowell now ad-mits to be the fact, but which has often 