34  LIBERTY am conscious of the fact in the evidence of the case that the defendant did not wilfully violate the law out of malice, nor did he do the work with the intent of being a public nuisance. It is my sworn  duty to uphold the law; and the minimum fine which I have imposed is a mere tech-nicality of law, because I consider that the defendant has only technically vio- lated the Sunday law.  c. S. L. More Persecution in Tennessee Their Only Offense the Law of Their God IN some particulars this world moves, and in others it seems to stand still. We are far ahead of Nebuchadnezzar's time and the time of Darius in wireless teleg-raphy and general education, but in some other things this generation stands about where the majority of their people stood. It was said by certain of the people of those ancient days that they would not be able to find any fault with Daniel un-less it was regarding the law of his God. So they arranged without delay for the passage of a law that would make it a crime for him to call on the name of God for thirty days. His religion was dif-ferent from theirs. They disliked his religion, and they disliked him because of his religion. But God taught those prejudiced persecutors what he thought of their course by the way he sustained Daniel in his brave disregard of the un-just law. They could thrust Daniel into the den of lions, but the God whom Dan-iel served could lock the jaws of the lions when Daniel was with them, and unlock those jaws when Daniel's perse-cutors took his place in the den. God knows how to judge righteous judgment. He has never sanctioned persecution for cause of conscience. When men have oppressed other men on account of re-ligious prejudices, God has invariably been on the side of the oppressed and against the oppressors. It is as true as the gospel itself that " whoever is wrong, the persecutor cannot be right." God honored the three Hebrew wor-thies who would not break Jehovah's law to bow down to a heathen idol, and the  Son of God went through the fire with them and brought them out unharmed. While the bigoted Pharisees were stoning Stephen, God was giving him a revelation of the saints' reward and the glories that await the overcomer. While Saul was " breathing out threat-enings and slaughter " against the early Christians, God smote him with a javelin of light, and then sent one of the de-spised Christians to minister to his spir-itual and physical needs. And God let him know, and lets us know through him, that he who persecutes a child of God, a follower of Christ, is persecuting Jesus Christ himself. " Why persecutest thou me?" is the question that God himself is asking of every man who troubles an-other because of his religion. In the year 1885 a movement was started in Tennessee for the systematic and persistent persecution of a class of citizens against whom no fault could be found except that after having rested on one day of the week according to the law of Jehovah, they exercised that other God-given privilege of performing hon-est industrial labor on their own prem-ises on the other six days of the week. Neither accusers nor witnesses com-plained that the work done was noisy, or disturbed them in their worship, or in-terfered with them in any way. In the year mentioned, Mr. W. H. Parker, of Springville, Tenn., was ar-rested for doing quiet, inoffensive work on his own farm on Sunday; and al-though the statute pronounces a fine of only three dollars for such an " offense," 