The Public-School Teacher and the Christian Religion Right and Wrong Methods of Exerting Religious Influence M. ELLSWORTH OLSEN, PH. D. THE public-school teachers of this country exert a wide-spread influence both over their pupils and throughout the community. They have it in their power on the one hand greatly to forward, or on the other hand greatly to hinder the development in their pupils of sound re-ligious principles. Many are fully aware of this fact, and earnestly desire to make their influence tell strongly for good. With these the writer wishes to have a little heart-to-heart talk. Let us first consider the essence of the thing we are talking about. Religion, as all are agreed, is not primarily a matter of outward observances, but it has to do with the heart. It touches a boy or a girl, as it does an adult person, on that side of his nature which is most remote from superficial observation, which is mysteri-ous beyond full comprehension to his own mind, and concerning which he may very likely do a good deal of thinking, but is pretty sure to do very little talking. Re-ligious principles are not to be acquired, put on from the outside; they must be grown from within, from the God-im-planted seed. We can to a certain extent supply the conditions of growth, but we can not supply the living cell itself ; that is the work of the great Creator. Keep-ing in mind, then, the essential character of the religious development of a youth, let us inquire what a Christian teacher can do to foster and direct it. He can, first of all, pray for his pupils. He can bring them, one by one, before the throne of grace, acknowledging their weaknesses and his own, pleading for grace for himself that he may do his work on a higher plane, and for grace to be given them that they may form char-acters that will meet the mind of God. Say not that such prayers will be in vain. In the secret of his closet, many a weak and trembling soul has won great vic- tories for heaven. The persistent prayers of a God-fearing teacher may more than offset the neglect of worldly-minded par-ents, and win a precious soul for eternity. The teacher's efforts need not, how-ever, be confined to prayer. He may live a consistent Christian life before his pu-pils. This in itself is worth much. There is something marvelously attractive in the daily life of a joyous, earnest Christian. It is like sunshine in that it diffuses glad-ness and good will on every side. It is like running water in its power to refresh the weary and discouraged. A face lighted up with the love of God, a voice softened and subdued by a tender spirit, a heart yearning for souls Š what can not these accomplish in winning young dis-ciples to the cross ? And these things are always telling the gospel story in lan-guage that every one can understand. In a world of anxious, care-worn toilers, how refreshing to meet with a peaceful, joyous Christian ! There are also outward observances, and the Christian teacher can be faithful in attending to these. He may attend divine service, take an active part in the weekly prayer-meeting, and become a member of various Christian organiza-tions, thus showing that he considers the work of God of supreme importance. He can show due reverence when referring in any way to matters that concern God and eternity, and can in a proper way re-prove any other attitude in those among whom he associates. Thus doing he will adorn the doctrine of our Lord Jesus Christ ; he will be a living epistle, known and read of his pupils and their parents, and also of other men. His influence as a man and as a teacher will be thrown strongly on the side of Bible religion. All the foregoing things he can do without directly teaching religion ; but there are also places where he can en- 