24 LIBERTY troduced, it would " be impossible to define its bounds." It is a matter of deep regret that the lawmakers before whom this present Sunday-closing pro-viso came, failed to reason as logically and as wisely. For nearly one hundred years since that time the government has consist-ently refused to legislate on this question, regarding such legislation as dangerous, and inimical to the principles of the Con- years been urging the passage of the law forbidding Sunday delivery of mail, re-sented yesterday the statement that the measure had been rushed through Con-gress as a scarcely noticed rider to the appropriation bill. It was the result, he said, of urgent appeals to Congress, made by many ministerial associations interested in doing away with all but the most necessary work on Sundays, and has been passed only after careful inves- Copyright by Harris & Ewing, Washington PRESIDENT-ELECT WOODROW WILSON THE stitution. If the national legislature was right during past decades, it is wrong now. And what this legislation was dur-ing the first quarter of the last century, it is in the first quarter of this century. If it was religious legislation then, it is religious legislation now. That the passage of this Sunday-clo-sing proviso is the result of the influences of strong religious organizations, is made clear by the statements of those behind the legislation. The New York Times of Aug. 28, 1912, says Š " Dr. George W. Grannis, general sec-retary of the Lord's Day Association of the United States, who has for three  tigation and indorsement by various postmasters and postal authorities and many public hearings." Notice, this law is admitted to be the result of " urgent appeals to Congress " by " many ministerial associations." This of itself is a sufficient earmark to identify this legislation as religious in character, and hence beyond the pur-view of Congress. When religious bod-ies are found lobbying with Congress, it is proper to have some serious misgiv-ings. The Christian Statesman of October, 1912, says editorially : Š " The recent legislation by Congress, 