The province of religion is not to in-crease the population of the jails, but to add souls to the kingdom of God. the way of a heavy fine or loss of office, to secure its enforce- Analyzed," by J. Mc-Donald, B. D., page 359. 16 L113ERTY  is revealed here. In an article in the Northwestern Chris-tian Advocate, of Dec. i 1, 1907, Rev. W. F. Crafts, speak-ing of the new Idaho Sunday law, said:Š The Pacific Coast secretary of the In-ternational Reform Bureau [Rev. G. L. Tufts] combined in this bill the best ele-ments of forty other State Sunday laws. It is especially a model to be studied and copied in that it provides that any ex-ecutive officer found guilty of neglect-ing to enforce it is ineligible for any pub-lic office for two years. Every politician will see genius in that penalty, and will not be surprised to hear the law is well en forced. This not only shows the origin of this law and the kind of laws these " reform-ers " consider " model " Sunday laws, but the shrewd, tactful, inquisitorial cunning characteristic of promoters of such leg-islation, for inventing methods to force the State to enforce their church and state laws, and do their bidding. Why should Sunday laws more than other laws contain coercing, intimidating threats to officials for failure to enforce the law ? There is a striking likeness between the penalty here laid upon civil officers for failure to enforce this law and that laid upon civil officers in the days of the Inquisition for failing to enforce the judgments of the inquisitors. Then any officer who refused to co-operate in the work of the Inquisition was excommuni-cated, and all who would hold intercourse with him; next, if necessary, the city of his residence was laid under interdict; and finally, if still more stress was needed, the officials were deposed, or " deprived of their posts." See " The Pope and the Council," by Janus, page 241, and " Romanism Is it too much to say that the same spirit inspired both .t h e s e provisions? And can any one doubt that the revival of Sunday laws and Sunday enforcement will re-establish the Inquisition? If so, let him read carefully the following from a leaflet on " Plan of Work in Defense of the Lord's Day," prepared by Rev. \V. F. Crafts and Rev. J. B. Davison : Š The Investigating Committee, ap-pointed by the secretary and known only to himself, may consist of four or eight. The first (or first two) shall on the first Sunday of each month, the second on the second, and so on, report in writing and in detail to the secretary from care-ful personal observations made the pre-vious day whatever Sunday work or dis-sipation was discovered. Or the whole city may be divided into small districts and one or two be appointed in each dis-trict to investigate every Sunday and re-port every Monday. These facts the sec-retary shall report early in the week to the proper civil officer, usually requiring him to secure his own evidence through the police or otherwise. The secretary shall also report these facts at the gen-eral monthly committee meeting, as the diagnosis through which cures of these evils may be wisely applied. The Press Committee shall report these facts, so far as it is wise, in the press once a month, showing progress or decline. As of old an unjust judge was aroused to justice by importunity, so many an ex-ecutive officer may be driven from ha-bitual perjury to the observation of his oath, if the record of his neglect is per-sistently set before him and the public month after month. What would this be but the Inquisition over again? There is not another Sun-day law in all the United States contain-ing such a provision. The very fact that it was thought necessary to place in the law itself beforehand an intimidating threat to officials, in The weekly rest day being a religious institution, its enforcement by civil law means the enforcement of a religious act upon the people. 