64 LIBERTY is true that the sacrifice of human victims as carried on by the Mexican Indians was stopped, but the Catholic Church did the same thing in another manner and by another name ; for the Inquisition dur-ing two hundred fifty years sacrificed many a victim as cruelly as was ever done by a pagan Mexican. An Inquisition tribunal was estab-lished in the capital in 1571, and the first auto da fe was celebrated by the burn- downfall of one and the installation of another " savior " of his country. During the rule of Spain there was no religious liberty, and but very little ad-vancement in any direction. The Catho-lic Church was everywhere supreme, and illiteracy almost universal. After the re-public was established, the power of the church still remained almost unchal-lenged until the promulgation of the pres-ent constitution in 1857. It is said that A PYRAMID BUILT BY ANCIENT MEXICANS ON WHICH TO OFFER HUMAN SACRIFICES ing of " twenty-one pestilent Lutherans." The Inquisition was finally abolished May 31, 182o. The number of victims will never be known until the books of God are opened in the final judgment. Mexico raised the cry of independence in 181o, and celebrated her one-hun-dredth anniversary one year ago last September, but she did not gain her in-dependence until 1821. From this latter date she has called herself a republic, but the country was so torn by revolutions for about forty years that no president served a full term until Juarez, the re-form president. As soon as one man was declared elected, some one in another part of the country would declare him-self the rightful occupant of the presi-dential chair, and a revolution would be-gin, which would terminate with the  at this time the church owned one third of all real and personal property in the republic. The reform laws of 1857 confis-cated the property of the church, abol-ished its numerous orders and institu-tions, and deprived it of state support and of all participation in politics. These laws, among other things, declared free-dom of religion, freedom of the press, and the nationalization of the two hun-dred million dollars' worth of property held by the clergy, from which and from other sources the church received an an-nual income of no less than twenty mil-lion dollars. The church as such can hold no property now in Mexico, but has the free use of the church buildings for worship. Although the new constitution was 