LIBERTY 175 hies for legislation and pulls wires to secure the passage of bills. It boycotts those who refuse to espouse its policy. It uses money freely in the effort to real-ize its object. Now, if this is the church, what an inconsistency and incongruity. The church, to be sure, is against the whisky traffic. It is against everything that is detrimental to society. It is against everything that is base. It is against every instrument of iniquity. But how? Is it as the Moslem with the Koran and the sword, or as the Roman Catholics in Algiers with the cross and sword, or as the state with law and sword? If this is the plan, then multitudes must dissent. If this plan is right, why all the cur-rent criticism of the Roman Catholics for meddling in politics? There must be consistency and congruity. The tailor should stick to his goose, and the shoe-maker to his last, and the church to its divinely appointed mission. It is no doubt attractive to some preachers and to some ecclesiastical bod-ies to intermeddle in politics, but it is a perilous policy. The writer recalls an in-cident which he once read in an old Ara- bic book of travel while in college. It told of a traveler who had visited Egypt and found the peasants of an-  Egyptian town engaged in opening a vast rock-hewn sepulcher of their ancestors. Against the inside wall of the sepulcher stood a row of huge jars, sealed with stone covers. One of these covers was soon knocked off, and the men eagerly extended their arms and thrust in their hands to find out the contents, when they found it filled with honey. The glee of the peasants was great as they regaled themselves with honey, until eventually, as the honey decreased, one of them thrust his hand deeper and his fingers be-came entangled in the hair of an ancient Egyptian preserved in the honey. Just so, it may be pleasant and attrac-tive to some preachers and some eccle-siastical bodies to meddle in politics and influence legislative bodies to secure the passage of certain laws, but it is a dan-gerous venture for the church. There is no telling in whose hair one's fingers may become entangled. There may be honey in the jar, but the church had better let that honey alone.Š Rev. R. L. Benu. in the Presbyterian of the South. The Star-Spangled Banner Celebration S. B. IIORTON SEPT. 6-13, 1914, was a memorable date in the history of Baltimore, Md. At that time was held the centennial cele-bration of the writing of " The Star-Spangled Banner " by Francis Scott Key, a lyric which has since been adopted by common consent as the national anthem of America. It was at Ft. McHenry, on the Chesa-peake Bay, in September, 1814, that the American flag received another baptism of fire from the British forces. Great Britain had in mind the resubjugation of the colonies which had secured their in-dependence after an eight years' struggle from 1776. When the victories at Platts-burg and at Baltimore became known  by the Peace Commission at Ghent, the treaty which insured the complete in-dependence of America was promptly signed. The years 1812-14 properly stand side by side with 1776-84 in the struggle by young America for complete independence. One of the plans to commemorate the Ft. McHenry event was the erection at that fortress of a $75,000 monument to Francis Scott Key and the defenders of Baltimore. And on Star-Spangled Banner Day of Centennial Week an exact facsimile of the mammoth post flag was run up a steel flagstaff which stands to-day upon the very spot where a wooden staff stood one hundred years ago. The 