54 L 11 been denied, is that the Lord's Day Al-liance and all other Sunday-rest societies in the various States and districts are associations which " the church has or-ganized." They are purely " religious auxiliaries of the church," operating in the interests of the church. These churches and religious organizations claim that they do not believe in a union of church and state. But when the church organizes its members into so-cieties for the purpose of promoting the interests of the church and of religion, and these church auxiliaries in turn form a disguised coalition or cooperative com-bine with parties and factions to elect or defeat public officials, as they claim to do, and to secure the passage of Sun-day laws and other religious measures by their direct and combined influence in politics, it is just as much a union of church and state as if the church did it tt' openly. To accomplish their object un-der cover and disguise does not alter the facts. To give the church organization some other name does not transform its religious measures into civil enactments when they are legalized by the state upon demand of the church. Such movements on the part of the churches are sinister and dangerous, and do not speak well for the future tranquillity of our country. Mighty religious combinations whose purpose is to crush the dissenting mi-nority through civil enactments are even more dangerous than the most formid-able intrigues of financial trusts with State governments, seeking the over-throw of the rights of the common peo-ple. It is time that a voice of protest be raised against this growing tendency in free America, or our boasted freedom will soon be an empty theory instead of a beneficent fact. c. s. L. Sunday Laws and the Police Powers JANUARY 29, of the present year of grace, the Pastors' Federation of Wash- ington launched another movement to secure the enactment by Congress of a Sunday law for the District of Columbia. The occasion was the regular Monday meeting of the federation, and the place, the Y. M. C. A. building. The Times of that same evening tells the story thus: Š " Following an address by Attorney W. W. Millan on Some Legal Aspects of Sunday,' a committee was appointed to investigate the subject of the observance of the Sabbath in the national capital, and make recommenda-tions to the federation. The committee is composed of the Rev. Wallace Radcliffe, the Rev. G. G. Johnson, and the Rev. C. H. Butler.  Would Have Congress Act " In his address Attorney Milian called at-tention to the fact that the commissioners had drafted a police regulation permitting moving picture shows and concerts in which the per-formers cannot appear in costumes on Sunday. He said, ' These exemptions are not in the interest of Sunday observance, but rather for the opposite purpose.' The speaker declared the police regulation prohibited dog shows  and circuses, and that if the commissioners had been so minded, they could have included moving picture shows and concerts. " Attorney Milian said that while the com-missioners had the right tinder their police powers to prohibit everything that is not pro-motive of the comfort, health, peace, pros-perity, morality, and general welfare of the residents of Washington,' it was advisable that Congress be called upon to pass a specific act dealing with Sunday observance in Wash-ington. Powers Called Inadequate " A bill with this end in view has been pend-ing in Congress for two years, he said. " He suggested that Congress, rather than the commissioners, deal with theŁ subject, ' so that the Sunday laws may be exact, that there may be no evasion, and that there may be no undoing.' " The power to make police regulations, now vested in the commissioners, and an act passed by the Maryland Legislature in 1723, be-queathed to the District when the territory was ceded to the federal government, are the reg-ulatory means at band today, the attorney said. He declared these were inadequate to compel the proper observance of the Sabbath in Washington 