126 LIBERTY Shackle Not the Press OH, shackle free speech never, Nor make the press not free! Time brings to us no better gift, Nor can there better be. Impose on us no censor, One man must not decide; But verdict of a jury All men will glad abide. To think, to speak, to publish, No autocrat must bar: To find untrammeled liberty Our fathers came from far. No Power but Persuasion OUR Constitution recognizes no other power than that of persuasion, for en-forcing religious observances. Let the professors of Christianity recommend their religion by deeds of benevolence, by Christian meekness, by lives of temper-ance and holiness. Let them combine their efforts to instruct the ignorant, to relieve the widow and the orphan, to promulgate to the world the gospel of their Saviour, recommending its precepts by their habitual example ; government will find its legitimate object in protect-ing them. It cannot oppose them, and they will not need its aid. Their moral influence will then do infinitely more to advance the true interests of religion than any measure which they may call on Congress to enact. The petitioners [for the discontinuance of Sunday mails] do not complain of any infringement upon their own rights. They enjoy all that LIBERTY A Magazine of Religious Freedom Editor, Chas. S. Longacre Associate Editors, L. L. Caviness, C. E. Holmes Managing Editor, C. P. Bollman Entered as second-class matter May 1, 1906, at the post office in Washington, D. C., under the Act of Congress of March 3, 1879. Published quarterly by the Review and Herald Publishing Association, Washing-ton, D. C. PRICES, POSTPAID Yearly subscription 35 cents Single copy 10 cents This Extra $1 per hundred, or $8 per thousand Five or more copies mailed by publishers to one ad-dress or to five addresses, postpaid, each 6 cents. LIBERTY MAGAZINE, Washington, D. C. Christians ought to ask at the hands of any government protection from all molestation in the exercise of their reli-gious sentiments.Š From report commu-nicated to the United States Senate by the Hon. Richard M. Johnson, of Ken-tucky, chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, Jan. 19, 1829. Important Notice! To All Lovers of Liberty Please read carefully the" Petitions to Congress " on the opposite page and on the last page. Fill in the blank spaces, start the list with your own name, and secure as many other signatures as possible. If there are not enough lines on these petition blanks for signatures, paste one or more sheets of white paper at the bottom, after cutting the petitions out of the magazine. Send the petition applying to Bill S. 5677 to one of the Senators from your State; the other petition, against Bill H. R. 13778, should be sent to one of your Representatives in the House. In either case, the envelope should be addressed in care of the Capitol, Washington, D. C. Remember that this Extra can be secured at $1 a hundred and $8 a thousand copies. If you are in need of further information to assist you in prosecuting this work, address --- Editor Liberty Magazine, Takonta Park Station, Washington, D. C. 