LIBERTY 35 incorrigibles, let us see what part of the various communities the charity of this doctor of divinity will permit him to class among hardened and obdurate crim-inals. Under the general head of athe-ists, he classes deists, Jews, and Seventh- day Baptists, in the following manner : Š These are, for the occasion, and so far as our amendment is concerned, one class. They use the same arguments and the same tactics against us. They must be counted together, which we very much regret, but which we can-not help. The first-named is the leader in the discontent and in the outcryŠthe atheist, to whom nothing is higher or more sacred than man, and nothing survives the tomb. It is his class. Its labors are almost wholly in his interest; its successes would be almost wholly his triumph. The rest are adjuncts to him in this contest. They must be named from him; they must be treated as, for this ques-tion, one party.Š Id., page 62. And after getting all they ask,Š the laws of this government to be adminis-tered upon " Christian principles,"Š do they then propose to manifest the spirit of the Master, and tolerate dissenters? Hear Mr. Edwards further on this theme :Š Tolerate atheism, sir? There is nothing out of hell that I would not tolerate as soon. The atheist may live, as I have said ; but, God helping us, the taint of his destructive creed shall not defile any of the civil institutions of all this fair land. Let us repeat, Atheism and Christianity are contradictory terms. They are incompatible systems. They cannot dwell together on the same continent.ŠId., page 63. And what would they do with these poor despised irreclaimables? This may be determined by an extract of a speech delivered at York, Nebr., by Rev. E. B. Graham, a vice president of the National Reform Association, and published in the Christian Statesman of May 21, 1888: Š We might add, in all justice, if the oppo-nents of the Bible do not like our government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land, and in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it, and set up a government of their own on infidel and atheistic ideas; and then, if they can stand it, stay there till they die. It is probably true that the National Reformers do not desire a union of  church and state in the sense of selecting some one denomination and making that the established church, or of establishing entire the creed of some one sect. Most of the National Reformers belong to one of the smaller divisions of the Presby-terian Church, and probably have no hope that their sect will ever be recog-nized by law, or their church established to the exclusion of others that are much stronger numerically ; what they hope for is the legal recognition of a few of the leading, fundamental doctrines of Christianity. This once an accomplished fact, dissenters from .those doctrines or articles of faith would speedily find them-selves under the law, whether Jews, in-fidels, atheists, Seventh-day Baptists, or Seventh-day Adventists. Let no one be deceived by the honeyed words of the Christian Statesman. By " religious liberty," " church and state," etc., that paper does not mean what the fathers of the republic meant, nor does it mean freedom to hold and to practice anything contrary to the creed of the Na-tional Reformers. The Christian States-man would turn the wheels of progress backward to days when in England Ro-man Catholics burned Episcopalians, and Episcopalians did the same to Roman Catholics, and Presbyterians in Scotland tied Baptists to stakes at low tide, allow-ing them to drown in the rising waters. The National Reformers are not un-kind men at heart, they do not mean to be cruel, they are not bloodthirsty; but if once they had the power, their theory of civil government, and their responsi-bility to the divine Being as they under-stand it, would force them to measures which they themselves now think impos-sible. The men who whipped and ban-ished Baptists from Massachusetts, and who hanged Quakers and witches, were just as benevolent and as well educated as are the leading National Reformers of today. The trouble with those men was their false theocratic theory of civil government. And that same theory, which is the theory of the National Re-formers today, is fraught with no less 