188  LIBERTY minds were under the control of the drink demon. Not long ago an engineer, under the influence of this bewitching beverage, failed to discern the danger-signals and ran his train into the rear end of another passenger-train, killing scores of innocent people outright, and injuring many others for life. Indeed, the liquor traffic must be dealt with from the standpoint of personal liberty. But whose personal liberty is  largely pays the taxes to support the courts while they prosecute the criminals, and the jails while they confine them, whose personal liberties are being in-fringed upon when the liquor traffic is responsible for more than seventy-five per cent of the crimes that are com-mitted? When we consider that our almshouses are almost altogether filled with people who were caused to go there either di-rectly or indirectly because of having wasted their for-tunes and spent their in-' comes for liquor, so that they and their dependents became subjects for public charity, -is not the liquor traffic a curse to society and a menace to the per-sonal rights of all who are obliged to pay for the sup-port of the almshouses? When we consider the sorrow, disgrace, debauch-ery, immorality, and ruin the liquor traffic brings yearly to the wives and in-nocent children in t h e homes where the husband " PAY DAY" WHERE LIQUOR HAS FREE involved in this question? Does not the general public have a right to life? Does not the individual have a per-sonal right to be protected in life, body, and property from the probable attacks of these men who are bereft of their reason because of the promiscuous use of liquor? Which right is the greater Ñ the right to drink or the right to live? The three inalienable and Constitutional rights of every man are life, liberty, and happi-ness. It is too late to protect life after it has been taken. Preventive legislation is the only proper remedy. In nearly every State in the Union where prohibi-tion has become an established fact in reality, as in Maine, Georgia, Kansas, and Tennessee, there are certain sections of the country where the jails are without criminals, and others have reduced the prison inmates more than seventy-five per cent. When the general public  COURSE  or sons are devotees at the altar of Bacchus, we are forced again to ask whose personal liber-ties shall we consider Ñ the innocent wives' and children's rights to live hap-pily, or the husband's right to drink? If it is weakness to plead for the rights of the weak and oppressed, then we plead guilty to that charge. If it is weakness to rejoice when the weak and innocent ones are liberated from their thraldom and servitude, then we are guilty of a weakness from which we plead no ex-emption. It is from the viewpoint of personal liberty that we are opposed to the liquor traffic, as it makes slaves and demons of its votaries, and scapegoats of all tax-payers, by forcing them to pay hundreds of millions of dollars annually to clean house for the devil's shopkeepers. We, therefore, protest against the liquor busi-ness as being a curse to society, a nursery of crime, and a menace to human lib- erties.  C. S. L. 