CARDINAL GIBBONS IN " THANKSGIVING MASS " PROCESSION The Cardinal and Archbishop Keene brought up the rear of the procession, with pages carrying the long trains of their scarlet-colored silken robes. LIBERTY 15 might attend his own church,--- these can only be interpreted as a result of the popular protest against the course of the President in past years in such matters. Promptly at a quarter before ten, the cathedral orchestra opened the program with musical selections faultlessly ren-dered, and the large cathedral was filled in a few moments. At the center of the church almost directly in front of the high altar t w o beautifully uphol-stered chairs were placed for t h e President and Mrs. Taft. The center of the church was reserved for the representatives of the various Amer- i c a n republics, each pew bearing the flag of the country whose rep-resentative was to occupy it. The high altar was most beautifully decorated with flickering candles and yellow chrysanthemums, the lights and the flowers showing the colors of the Papacy. At ten o'clock the strains of the hymn "America " burst forth from the orches-tra gallery, and while the audience arose to its feet, the President and Mrs. Taft, with the President's military aid, marched down the center aisle to the places provided for them. Then came the procession of acolytes, priests, and prelates, led by altar boys carrying the crucifix and lighted candles. Cardinal Gibbons and Archbishop Keene brought up the rear of the procession with pages carrying the long trains of their scarlet-colored silken robes. The chasubles of  the priests who were to officiate at the service of the mass were resplendent with gold and stiff with embroidery. The members of the procession stood within the sanctuary until Cardinal Gibbons had been seated upon his scarlet throne at the right of the high altar. Then be-gan the service of ritual and ceremony, coverings and uncoverings, kneelings and risings, chantings, bowings, incensings, and ring-kissing, so characteristic of such occasions in a Catholic church, and which it would be folly for a non-Cath-olic to attempt to describe. The sermon was preached by Arch-bishop Keene, of Dubuque, whose theme was the prospect of peace. Very soon after the sermon, the pastor of the church, Father Russell, came down from the rostrum, informed the President that it was eleven o'clock, and escorted the presidential party to the door of the church. The services of the " mass " occupied another hour, and were closed by Cardinal Gibbons. The list of invited guests included the President and Mrs. Taft, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, 