LIBERTY' 107 or by pain. But because the former means are better, the latter must not therefore be neglected. . . . Many must often be brought back to the Lord, like wicked servants, by the rod of temporal suffering before theyŁattain to the highest grade of religious development"ŠSchaff's " Church History," Vol. II, sec. 27. Of the principle in Augustine's theory, Neander says : " It was by Augustine, then, that a theory was proposed and founded, which . . . con-tained the germ of that whole system of spir-itual despotism, of intolerance and persecu-tion, which ended in the tribunals of the Inquisition."Š Id., p. 217. Yes, the theory that advocates law, compulsion, punishment in matters of re-ligion, contains the germ of spiritual des-potism, of religious intolerance and cruel persecution. The Papacy was that the-ory fully developed. The man who holds that theory will invade the rights of his fellows. The church that holds that the-ory will usurp authority over the state, and use the civil power as an instrument of persecution. This has been done by men claiming to be Protestant reformers, and by pro-fessed Protestant churches. The cruel deeds of Calvin and Cranmer, and the dark chapters in the history of the Scotch Coven an t - ers, the P r i -  tans, and the English Church are the natural and awful results of this theory. Augustine's Theory Adopted by Calvin The theory of counteracting evil and of making Christians by enforcing laws and inflicting penalties, propounded by Augustine and now advocated by the Evangelical Alliance and other religio-political organizations of America, found a large place in the heart of John Calvin. One of his apologists says : " He allowed to the church a greater author-ity than any other Reformer. Here, again, the influence of Augustine is seen. He says, ' The church is our mother.' . . . Outside of the church there is no salvation. . . . In this scheme lie had in mind the Israelites. He aimed at a theocracy."Š Schaff-Herzog Ency-clopedia, art. "Calvin." Calvin " aimed at a theocracy," and he succeeded in establishing one, and the account of its working and its in-fluence in various countries forms one of the darkest chapters in the history of modern times. Geneva was his home, and the seat of his operations. On ar-riving in that city in 1536, Calvin found the people emerging from a 