LIBERTY 47 labor which punishes the laborer for working." Further he said, " Such protection of the la-borer carried a little farther would send him from the jail to the poorhouse." These true American statements should cer-tainly appeal to those who believe in the rights of their fellow men. It does seem strange that a government, be it of a municipality, common-wealth, or nation, should pass a law prohibiting honest toil at any time. Crime should be punished, but who dares to say that labor is a crime/ No one should be forced to work on a day he considers sacred, nor compelled to rest on a day he regards as common. The latest effort for a Sunday law in Cali-fornia is a bill recently introduced into the legislature at Sacramento. This would close barber shops, stores, and other places on Sun-day, but permit candy and cigars to be sold. Meals can be secured at hotels, to be taken from the grounds, but lunches cannot be sold. Theaters are left open. Farm work is pro-hibited, except when it can be shown to be necessary to plant and gather crops. Cigars and candy are classed as necessities, but bread is not. Certain unions are classed as favoring the bill, others as not favoring it. One notable exemption provided for in the bill is that of those who observe some other day than Sunday as a day of " worship." Thus the religious element in the bill is well defined. The proponents of the bill, as is frequently the case, insist that Sunday legislation is civil and not religious. The inconsistency of such an argument is apparent. Surely work of itself is not criminal. Since the work is not of itself criminal, if it ever becomes so it must be the day that makes it so. Therefore it is impossi-ble to eliminate the religious element from any compulsory Sunday law, for the law forbidding work on a given day assumes that that day is different from other days, that it is sacred, and that work upon it is a desecration. Thus the Sunday legislation, or the desire for such legislation, must arise from a belief in the sacredness of the day. To secure exemption on this ground, one must be a worshiper, as another day must be observed as a day of " worship." Thus the bill proposes to enforce worship, if not on Sunday, then upon some other day. No law can be enacted in the United States that either compels or prohibits worship with-out violating the principles of the American government. American political philosophy teaches that the government should not control the religious beliefs and practices of its citi-zens. Madison said, " There is not a shadow of right in the general government to inter-meddle with religion." That is as true today as when first uttered, and the principle applies with equal force to the governments of the several States. W. F. MARTIN. California Newspaper Honor Roll THE following newspapers of California are putting up a vigorous fight against the Sunday bills which are now before the California legis-lature: Byron Times, Anaheim Gazette, Newport News, Yucaipa News, Arlington Times, Han-ford Sentinel, Dinuba. Sentinel, Oakland Post, Los Banos Enterprise, San Andreas Prospect, San Francisco Call, San Juan Mission News, Ft. Jones Standard, Modesto Herald, Modesto (home of Senator Dennett, who introduced the Sunday bill) News, Fresno Republican, Fresno Herald, Berkeley Courier, Needles Nug-get, Hollister Advance, Santa Cruz News, Sac-ramento Bee, Bakersfield Californian, Pomona Progress, Los Angeles Times, Oakland Tribune, Healdsburg Sotoyome Scimitar, Glendale News, San Francisco Grocer, Santa Barbara Press, Downey Champion, Corona Independent, Coa-linga Record, Hanford Journal, Porterville Re-corder, Tulare Register, Santa Cruz Surf, Chico Enterprise, San Diego News, Los Angeles Oil World, Redlands Facts, Fresno Sunday Mirror, Sanger Herald, Redding Searchlight, Reedley Exponent, Fairfield Enterprise, San Fernando Democrat, San Fernando Valley Press, San Francisco Bulletin, Walnut Creek Courier. These are only a few of the many that are lining up against Sunday laws. This shows very conclusively that public sentiment in Cali-fornia does not favor religious legislation. It SfF THAT the Sunday people are not in favor of majority rule is shown by the fact that they are not willing to abide by a decisive vote of the people against Sunday laws. Only two years ago the people of California voted against a Sunday law; nevertheless, the ad-vocates of such legislation only recently be-sieged the legislature for a Sunday law. They justify themselves in this course by declaring that it is a moral question, and that no moral question is settled until it is settled right. But in so saying they abandon their plea that it is a civil matter. A Sunday law can become a moral issue only on the ground that Sunday keeping is a moral obligation because enjoined by the divine law. A LEAGUE of nations may reduce the dangers of recurring wars, but it will never banish wars from the earth nor establish lasting peace among men and nations. None but the Prince of Peace dwelling in human lives can bring in lasting peace and good will among men. There can be no real peace with sin in the world. 