DESCENDANTS OF THE SIGNERS C This photograph was taken on the porch of the Jefferson mansii 24 LIBERTY all men are equal in the possession of natural rights needs to be embodied and upheld in civil government. The weak need protection from the aggression of the strong. The privilege of all classes to share equally in the benefits of the government, which is afforded by a " government of the people, by the people, and for the people," will do most to restrain that abuse of power which, even un-der the best governments, is so prolific a source of national ills. A realization of the inequalities under which the people live, many of which are more or less directly due to political injus-tice, should move us not to agi-tate for the removal of the only governmental barrier against them, but to give to it our strong-est support. Now, more even than in the infancy of this nation, the people need to uphold the doctrine of the equality of all men before the law. Thomas Jefferson, John Han-cock, Benjamin Franklin, and the others who affixed their sig-natures to the Declaration of In-dependence, were more than su-perficial observers. They did not come before the world with foolish assertions in justification of the act of separation from Great Britain. The foundation of this great nation was not laid in " blatant folly." On the contrary, it was by the doctrine that all men are created equal that this nation became great; and only as it upholds this car-dinal American doctrine will its greatness be maintained, and the liberties of its people be gua ranteed. Nashville, Tcnn. Ł .011ŁŁŁ Ł THE time was when toleration was craved by dissenters as a boon; it is now demanded as a right ; but a time will come when it will be spurned as an insult.Š Lord Stanhope, in 1827. Martin Luther IN the early dawn of an October morn-ing, in the year 1517, a young man in the garb of a monk, and carrying a ham-mer in his hand, walked up to the door of an old cathedral in a little German city, and nailed a placard on it. The blows of his hammer scarcely disturbed even the most restless of the sleeping burghers, but they were loud enough to resound throughout the whole civilized world, to awaken a nation to life, and to send down the centuries echoes that have not yet been stilled. 