6 LIBERTY regulations of the government of the United States, regardless of sex, nation-ality, creed, or party ; and,Š Resolved further, That the united prayer and cooperation of all Christians and patriots is asked for the adoption and use of the Lord's standard nationally as an expression and example to the world. This resolution carries with it its own antidote. It is so bald an attempt to establish a theocracy that there is not the least likelihood that it will be adopted. Even those who strenuously advocate a civil sabbath would doubtless balk at this program as being contrary to the Constitution, both in spirit and in letter. But it is proper to emphasize right here the assertion that this resolution is, after all, not one whit more a violation of the Christian and American principle of the separation of church and state than is such a measure as the Johnston Sunday bill now pending before Con-gress. This bill, if enacted into a law, would compel people to rest on Sunday, and the real reason for such compulsory rest on that day is found in the belief that the fourth commandment requires it. In other words, it is making the deca-logue " the standard measure for the laws and regulations of the government of the United States." It is legislation in harmony with this freak resolution, fa-vored by those who would oppose the resolution,Š utterly inconsistent action, Š and yet the inevitable consequence of the ill-advised attempt to establish a re-ligious observance upon a civil basis. The only sure way to avoid such an il-logical mix-up is to hold, in fact as well as in theory, to the right principle,Š the separation of religion and government,Šand to leave every man free to follow the dictates of his own conscience in matters of religion, so long as in so doing he does not interfere with the equal rights of others. This is the Christian and the American principle of civil government. w. w. P. The Observance of Sunday in Post-Offices A BILL for the observance of Sunday in post-offices was introduced into the House of Representatives by the Hon. James R. Mann, May i6, 1911. It is known as H. R. 9433, " A Bill for the Observance of Sunday in Post-Offices," and seeks to bring about the observance of Sunday in the post-offices of the United States. This bill evidently is an attempt on the part of the advocates of Sunday legislation to focus the public sentiment which has been aroused dur-ing recent months for the closing of post-offices on Sunday. Against this wide-spread movement for the closing of post-offices on that day, as long as legislation was not demanded to bring it about, this magazine entered no protest; for it believes that it is the right of any citizen, or class of citizens, to create public sentiment in any proper way they may elect regarding any matter that does not invade the rights of con- science ; but when any citizen, or class of citizens, seeks the aid of the civil power in attempts to require the closing of post-offices on Sunday, we most ear-nestly protest. We are not surprised that such a bill has been introduced into Congress; for it is part of a program which the cham-pions of Sunday legislation have long been attempting to carry out. For in-stance, a very determined and persistent effort has been put forth during recent years at the national capital to get Con-gress committed to Sunday legislation by enacting a Sunday law for the District of Columbia, in order that, through the in-fluence of such a law, the state laws could be made more effective. What they are seeking is the influence of the federal government in the interests of such legislation. It is very evident that this proposed law is another step in that 