INTOLERANCE REBUKED " It came to pass, when the time was come that he should be received up, he steadfastly set his face to go to Jerusa-lem, and sent messengers before his face: and they went, and entered into a village of the Samaritans, to make ready for him. And they did not re-ceive him, because his face was as though he would go to Jerusalem. And when his disciples James and John saw this, they said, Lord, wilt thou that we com-mand fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did? But he turned, and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of. For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them. And they went to another vil-lage." Luke g: 51-56. 88 LIBERTY is refreshing to be told that these laws are but the " well-meaning counsel of a good old mother in her dotage." The observance or nonobservance of days, the going to mass or to any reli-gious service on Sunday or on any other day of the week, is altogether a matter of individual conscience. Fines and pen-alties for the nonobservance of religious regulations belong to a dark past, Liberty Not Secured by Sunday Laws THE Constitution was established to " secure the blessing of liberty," but the framers of that instrument did not deem that religious legislation could in any way secure these blessings nor " promote the general welfare." Had they thought so, it would surely not to the time in which we live. Let the dead past bury its dead, and let men be free to go or not to go to mass on Sun-day. The deceased priest was not alone in his hope that the police force some day would aid in church attendance on Sunday. A few years ago a Lutheran minister in the progressive city of Williams-port, Pa., in a Sunday morning sermon declared that he would thank God when the day arrived that he could send a policeman out to bring into his church delinquent members. No person will have been in-corporated in the Magna Charta of American liberty. The interests of a people w i th strong, vigorous intellects and de- cided religious convictions widely divergent, could be best secured by leaving each person to worship God in his own way. Their own ex-periences taught the wise states-men of those days that men's con-sciences are not controlled by hu-man enactments. To compel re-spect for any re-ligious institution would be to re-enact scenes of oppression a n d bloodshed. S o in their sense of be forced into the eternal kingdom of Jesus Christ; there-fore no one should be compelled to ac-cept one of the means by which Chris-tian experience is to be obtained. This government was founded upon the Christian idea of the entire separa-tion of religion and the state. May it ever so continue. justice and fair play and in their fear of causing con-fusion and rebellion, our fathers estab-lished that document which is the ad-miration of all liberty-loving peoples. And this Constitution not only totally ignores religion, but requires that Con-gress shall ever refrain from entering upon the path of religious legislation. 