8 LIBERTY that pattern after her ways back to the bitter experiences of religious oppres-sion. But the principles he states in the above excerpt are sound and worthy of serious consideration. The King James Bible THE year 1911 marks an anniversary that is more important to the world than the anniversary of Italy's independence. It is the three-hundredth anniversary of the publishing of the King James Bible Š an event that has had more to do, a thousandfold, in liberating men and women from bondage than did the event which Italy is celebrating. The one was important for a nation;; but the other radiates its mighty influence from arctic to antarctic, and fellows daybreak daily around the world. It brought daylight to a world in darkness, and in the light of that day humanity has progressed cen-turies in decades. But the material progress which has followed the breaking forth of that day is not the great desideratum. The spiri-tual uplift that came to the world with the seed-sowing of the Bible in regions near and far has dissipated superstition and soul-slavery as no other influence could do ; and with that gone, the yoke was off the neck of the people, and they stood up as men, looking their former oppressors in the face fearlessly, and lay-ing hold as free-born individuals upon the great hopes of eternity which that Book made known. But it will do this generation little good to celebrate the tercentenary of the King James Version of the Bible, if we are to turn our backs upon the Book itself. It is of more importance that we value the Book for what it is and what its truths mean for the race than that we celebrate its tercentenary. To know it as the Word of God himself, filled with the imperish-able promises of God to man, speaking to the soul with divine, compassionate in- sistence, bearing fruit in lives ennobled by its influence, fructifying every good purpose of the soul, pointing the way to liberty from the bondage of sin, throwing its bright beams on the pathway to the eternal abode of righteousness,Š to know it as that instrumentality, is more important than celebrations or jubilees or conquests of kingdoms. The celebration is not wrong, but to know the Word of God for all it is, is a vastly more impor-tant thing. The study of that Book will enrich the mind ; but the principles of that Book in the heart will transform a life and put a crown of glory finally on brows once made unlovely by the im-press of sin. Let the blessed pages of that Book of books continue to be multiplied till every corner of the earth has the printed wit-ness of God's purpose abundantly scat-tered among the people. When that work has been done, it will not be long until the Author of that Book will fulfil his promise to his followers, " He that shall come will come, and will not tarry." Italy and the Vatican THE jubilee celebration of Italian unity began at Rome on March 27, with the formal opening, by King Victor Em-manuel, of the International Art Exhi-bition. On the twenty-ninth an indus-trial exhibition was begun at Turin, where, in 1861, Victor Emmanuel II, grandfather of the present king, as-sumed the title of King of Italy. In his address at the International Art Exhibi-tion the king made the following state-ment, which is full of meaning: Š We can not in a brief time repair the effects of many centuries lived in servi-tude. Our nation has had to make Ti-tanic efforts to transform debased masses into a free people, jealous of its rights. With Rome as its capital, Italy repre-sents the tranquil coexistence of the churches and the state, the latter guar-anteeing full and fruitful liberty to re-ligion as it does to science. 