LIBERTY 11 We warn all not to be deceived as to the real character of this movement. Sunday laws are not Christian, but rather an agency for intolerance and op- pression. W. A. C. A Reformers' Conclave DURING the second week of Congress, Dec. 12-17, 19o9, there was held in Washington, D. C., a grand temperance convention, in which a number of the na-tional temperance organizations of this country united in a joint convention. Among the distinguished delegates who participated in this convention were Mr. John G. Wooley ; Prof. Samuel Dickey ; Hon. H. W. Blair, ex-senator from New Hampshire ; Mr. Clinton N. Howard ; besides many other prominent temper-ance workers from all parts of the coun-try. Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, Ph. D.; su-perintendent of the International Re-form Bureau, had the general charge of the convention, it having been chiefly through his efforts that such a meeting was held. While the chief question discussed during the convention was that of pro-hibition, yet a number of other reforms were considered by the delegates, among which were anti-race-track gambling, the white slave traffic, the restraining of the vicious use of cocain and opium in this and other lands. In defense of all these reforms the magazine LIBERTY stands, and it will most heartily unite with those who are legitimately seeking to suppress these things which invade the rights of our citizens. One of the most interesting sessions took place the last afternoon of the con-clave, when the question of Sunday leg-islation was discussed. Rev. T. W. Grannis was appointed to lead out in this discussion, but as he was absent, a prominent secretary of the International  Reform Bureau, Rev. Dr. G. L. Tufts, of .California, was invited to occupy the time. He spoke in part as follows : Š This movement [ Sunday legislation] is on in our country. It began in this city twenty-one years ago when a hear-ing was held on the Blair Sunday Rest bill. This encouraged the foes of the sabbath to. continue their warfare down to the present time. And so at the New York State legislature twenty-one bills for the repealing or the weakening of the Sunday law of that State were intro-duced at the last session ; and so seven or eight other States of our Union. And to-day there is a movement going over our country by the foes of the sabbath to destroy our Sunday laws. These foes are in various forms. They came up in our legislature .in California when we had our bill introduced at the last session for a better observance of Sunday, in three forms : one was wholly within the church, the next was without the church, and the next was partly within the church and partly out of the church. The first, which was in the church, was the Sev-enth-day Adventists. They sent their strongest ministers to represent that church, lobbying against the bill. They got that inspiration twenty-one years ago in this city. And now they have their plant here, near by this city, from which they are sending out literature all over our country, against our Sunday laws, and trying to break them down. We found that was true in our fight in the State of California ; for at the hearing before the committee having this bill in charge, in answer to a question asked those ministers and delegates of that church, whether they would oppose a law that applied simply to the closing of sa-loons on Sunday, and nothing else, they answered in the affirmative. And so I could give another State in that line. And there was another foe wholly without the church, the liquor element. And so it seems to be rather inconsistent to see these ministers of the gospel united with the royal arch-enemy in trying to secure the rejection of that bill. Following the address by Dr. Tufts, opportunity was given for a number of five-minute speeches. Dr. D. H. Kress, superintendent of the Seventh-day Ad- 