STATUE OF ROGER WILLIAMS AND THE BETSY WILLIAMS COT- TAGE IN ROGER WILLIAMS PARK, PROVIDENCE, R. I. Roger Williams, " the First American," THE one man, and the first man, who did more than any other man to lay the foundation principle of civil and relig-ious liberty in American diplomacy and jurisprudence was Roger Williams. He was the first man that announced upon American soil and to Americans the right of individuality in religion and the free exercise of liberty of conscience without interference on the part of the civil magistrate. This doctrine was then denounced as rank heresy, and for it he was banished from home, wife, and children, and had to flee as an exile into the wilderness. Jesus Christ said of John the Bap-tist that he was the greatest prophet that ever was born of woman. The angel Gabriel said of him, " He shall be great in the sight of the Lord," and yet " John did no miracle." What was it that made John the Baptist the greatest teacher that ever lived, outside of his divine Lord and Master? It was the fact that he was the chosen forerunner and harbinger of Jesus Christ, and delivered the greatest message that was ever committed to a mortal man. His message and his work made him great in the sight of heaven. He planted the spiritual seed which 168  yielded the greatest harvest of blessing that this world has yet experienced. What tribute, then, should Americans pay to Roger Williams? He was the great harbinger of American freedom in its truest sense. He first planted the seed of individual liberty and human rights in the hearts of his countrymen, and was " the bright and morning star " of a new reformation. What Luther did for the church in Europe, Roger Williams did for the state in America. He was the noblest type of an ideal American statesman. None was better fitted for the work to which he was called b y  divine Providence than he. He was a man sent from God to pre-pare the way for the establishment of the greatest nation the world has yet seen. Roger Williams came just at the right time to pre-pare the soil and to sow  t h e precious seed of a new free-dom which was not only to shake the triple tiara, but the crown of absolute sovereignty, which for ages had enslaved the bodies and souls of men. The seed he sowed, and the correct ideas of liberty he implanted in the hearts and minds of the early Americans, yielded a bountiful harvest. He granted the freedom of worship and the liberty of conscience to those who fled, not only from European oppression and tyranny, but also from Puritan intolerance and re-ligious despotism in New England, to his peaceful Rhode Island plantation. Roger Williams gave the early American pa-triots such a taste of the inestimable blessing of civil and religious liberty, which hitherto had been withheld from 