LIBERTY 11 fairs of men, and the church dealing only with that which pertains to the kingdom of God, the liberties and consciences of men are secure. But with either inter-fering in the affairs of the other, there can be no safety, no security of funda-mental rights, no assurance of purity and acceptance in religion, while all that is antagonistic to manhood, to character, and to religion will flourish like weeds in a sluggard's garden. C. M. S. American Ambassador and Sunday Racing THE Washington Post of June 22, 1909, says:Š It is a fact known to all diplomats at Paris, but regarded by them as a con-fidence not to be violated, that Ambassa-dor White never attends races on Sun-day with the president. The Paris press also guards the information zealously. President Fallieres regularly sends the American ambassador an invitation to attend all the famous events of the running turf ; but as almost all of the big races are run on Sunday, Mr. White believes it is not befitting his station, as a representative of the United States, to grace the occasion with his presence, be-cause Sunday horse-racing is generally disapproved in his country. He tells his intimate friends that he has no conscientious scruples about wit-nessing races on Sunday or any other day, but he considers that his presence at the course on Sunday might be con-strued as an official act of the American ambassador, and so give offense to his countrymen. Now, the question as to whether Am-bassador White attends horse-races on Sunday is a matter of his own concern ; but when he refuses to do so on the ground that he is a representative of the United States government, that course must be open to question. Had he been sent to France as a representative of the inter-church federation organization, or any other religious body of this country, his refusal to attend the Sunday races  would have been proper, as he would then have been a representative of these bodies that regard Sunday observance as a recognized religious institution. The fact that this government is based upon the principles of the total separation of church and state, as is voiced in the First Amendment of the United States Constitution, which says, Ł " Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," would preclude any ambassador from claiming that he was representing the United States gov-ernment by refusing to attend horse-races on Sunday. The question as to whether Sunday or any other day of the week is the Sab-bath is not a proper one for the state to determine, because that question is a re-ligious one, and is therefore wholly out-side the jurisdiction of the state. The United States government has not yet passed a compulsory Sunday law, and has therefore, up to date, maintained the principle, in this particular, that was rec-ognized by the founders of this govern-ment. This incident, however, does reveal the fact that there is a tremendous influence being exerted by the religious organiza-tions of this country in behalf of en-forced Sunday observance. It also emphasizes the fact that Sunday is becoming a distinguishing mark.  of re-ligion, even though those who observe it personally have no " conscientious scruples " in attending horse-races and other like sports and diversions on that day. K. C. R. How National Reform Principles Work in Russia A UNION of religion and the state in this country is the goal of every National Reformer's ambition. In Russia those theories have been worked out to a dem-onstration. How such a condition affects 