156 LIBERTY to suppress the circulation, through the mail, of the very publications which that odious act was intended to prohibit. The authors of that memorable achievement would have had but slender claims on the gratitude of posterity if their victory over the encroachment of power had been so imperfect. . . . The principle on which the Sedition Act was condemned as unconstitutional, was a general one, and not limited in its application to that act. It withdraws from Congress all right of interference with the press in any form or shape whatever; and the Sedition Suppressing Theological Discussions Not a Government Prerogative The campaign that is now being car-ried on to persuade Congress to confer authority on an appointed officer of the government to exclude certain period-icals from the mails will not stop at mere suppression of papers from public dis-tribution. The reason given for carry-ing on this propaganda is that the pub- Copyright Underwood & Underwood, New York ALLIES LAND AT DARDANELLES UNDER COVER OF GUNS OF BATTLE FLEET It was a costly operation that of landing troops at the Dardanelles, but it was carried out effectively under the protection of the big guns from the battle fleet while a covering force pre-ceded the main body of men. The photo shows the Indians of His Majesty's forces marching away from the beach to take up their camp inland. Law was put down as unconstitutional, not because it prohibited publications against the government, but because it interfered at all with the press. The prohibition of any pub-lication on the ground of its being immoral, irreligious, or intended to excite rebellion or insurrection would have been equally uncon-stitutional; and from parity of reason, the suppression of their circulation through the mail would be no less so.Š"Senate Docu-ments," First Session, Twenty-fourth Con-gress, Vol. II. The men who wrote these words knew from personal knowledge the purpose of those who proposed and ratified the First Amendment to the Constitution, and that it was intended to guarantee absolute freedom of the press. So the committee stated that this amendment interposed " an insuperable objection ". to such measures.  lications mentioned arouse " theological hatred," etc. But the suppression of re-ligious periodicals or antireligious mag-azines will not eliminate theological strife. Another step will be necessary,Šthe suppression of free speech; for men will speak what they are not permitted to print and circulate. And thus the lib-erties that the bill of rights was intended to preserve will be destroyed. There is no question that the First Amendment was placed in our great Magna Charta for the very purpose of heading off just such legislation. But we are dependent upon our national leg-islators to uphold this law. Should they fail at this time, it remains for the peo-ple to take up its defense in a more de-termined way. 