LIBERI I IP locating in the 2900 block on Ellsworth Street, where the riots originated. The saloons, which were thickly centered in and around this section, became hotbeds of protest, and the objectors, 'being plied with liquor, soon started a full-sized riot. Violence grew into murder, and before the drink-enraged mob was stopped by the Federal authorities, the death roll claimed a number of innocent victims. Order and quiet was restored only after all the saloons within the disturbed ter-ritory had been closed. The sale of all liquor was forbidden within the danger district. This was the first measure adopted by the city authorities against further rioting and murder. The saloonists immediately placarded their doors thus : " Closed on account of riot. Will open as soon as trouble blows over. Booze doesn't agree with riots." City police, marines, and sailors were stationed in front of each saloon to pre-vent any liquor distribution. What a commentary upon the saloon business! It is the root cause of ninety per cent of all the murders and more than seventy-five per cent of all the crimes committed in the United States. How long will our Government protect this outlaw and in-stigator of murder ? No trouble is ever disposed of until the root cause is removed. Let us make first things first by stamping out the rum traffic. C: a. L. itf ss Is the Voice of the People the Voice of God ? THE Washington Herald of July 17 printed this dispatch received from Baltimore under date of the previous day : " ' The voice of the people is the voice of God, and should be upheld,' said Judge Dawkins, in the superior court to-day, in dismissing the action brought by the Lord's Day Alliance to stop Sunday baseball. Judge Dawkins held that the  passage of the municipal ordinance per. mitting baseball playing on Sunday was valid. The decision means that Sunday games cannot be interfered with for the remainder of the season." We are glad for this just decision, but sorry that it was made to rest in any degree upon a false maxim. It is not true, and never was true, that the voice of the people is the voice of God. It has never been true since the fall, that the majority of the human family were in complete harmony with the divine Being, so that they could unerringly voice his will. It never will be true while sin is in the world ; so that as a moral proposi-tion the voice of the people is not, and in the very nature of the case cannot be, the voice of God. Nor could it be true even in a political sense; for the will of the people is often arbitrary and unjust. It is for this very reason that our forefathers established not a government of men, but of law; not of the changing modes and tenses of human feelings, but of the unchanging principles of eternal right and justice. Thus under a just government, one man and the law are the majority. The friendless individual can find a refuge in the law. Public sentiment may be in-flamed against him, but not so the law,Šthat guarantees him his day in court, and under its shadow he is safe until legally condemned, even though he be guilty. Suppose it could be shown that a ma-jority of the people of Baltimore do not want Sunday ball games, would it then be the duty of Judge Dawkins to inter-pret the State law as forbidding Sunday baseball as he has now interpreted it as permitting such games ? We believe in a government of the people, but back of and superior to the people are the eternal principles of justice ordained by the Cre-ator himself, and recognized by our fore-fathers as an endowment of which no government can of right rob any man, however humble he may be. And only in so far as this divine ordination is prac-tically recognized by the people is their voice the voice of God. C. P. B. 