FIVE OF THE INDICTED CHRISTIANS Back row : Laura Darnell, Benton Wareham, Cannie Darnell Front row : Sullivan Wareham, Mrs. Annie Wareham Oct?, 30 LIBERTY This venom of religious spite and en-mity finally made itself manifest in the securing of a warrant against Mr. Ware-.bam and wife and their fourteen-year-old son, besides six other Seventh-day Ad-ventists, consisting of three women, two men, and a fourteen-year-old girl, for the crime ( ?) of picking strawberries on Sunday. The warrant was served upon only six of the nine persons against whom it was issued, owing to the fact that the other three had left the com-munity before the warrant was served. The day of the trial was set for Tuesday, August 3, at 9: 30 A. M. A jury consisting of six Greenville business men was impaneled, and the trial was in charge of Magistrate Samuel Stradley, whose rulings were fair and impartial. There were no attorneys em-ployed by either side. T. H. Jeys and the writer, however, assisted the defend-ant in trying the case. Three witnesses for the prosecution, including the com-plainant, his son, and a neighbor, testi-fied that they saw the defendants picking strawberries on the day named in the warrant. It was shown, however, that one of the parties whom they swore they saw picking berries at that time was one hundred fifty miles away. Thus an alibi was easily established in this case. Ac-cording to -the law of South Carolina,  children under fifteen years of age are exempted from the penalties of the law in performing Sunday labor. Two of the children against whom warrants were served were excused by the court on that ground. In summing up the case, T. H. Jeys showed the jury the weakness of the testimony of the witnesses who testified that they saw the defendants picking berries. The magistrate took occasion to instruct those who were to make the pleas, not to discuss any religious or theological question in order to prove which day of the week was the Sabbath, and added that the law of the land had defined that Sun-day was the day to be ob-served. It had been decided that the writer was to make the plea in behalf of the de-fendants, but the reader can easily imagine the embar-rassment under which we were placed in view of the instruction from the court. We must not bring religion into the plea, and yet but for religion there would have been no case to try. We as-sured the court that we had no desire to disregard the instructions it had given, but in discussing the ques-tion he would observe that the warrant itself had specified that the charge against the defendants was that of " sab-bath-breaking," and therefore it was a religious question, for the only authority for Sabbath observance is found in the Bible, which is wholly religious. We showed, further, that the enforcement of Sunday laws upon those who observe the seventh day of the week is out of har-mony with the Fourteenth Amendment of the United States Constitution, which says: Š " No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of the citizens of the United States." Sunday laws are also opposed to the 