Contributed Articles For God and Liberty in the Days of Old W. A. SPICER WHO in a powder-magazine would think of discussing, as a factor, the per-sonal character or religious opinions of a man who was recklessly playing with matches? Who cares whether it be priest or presbyter, Protestant or Catholic, be-liever or unbeliever, who is working to secure power to enforce by law religious observances or institutions ? The danger is in the evil principles and in human nature, not primarily in the man. We hear, for instance, from many a platform to-day, and from professedly Protestant platforms, the very principles enunciated against which John Huss bore his testimony for God and liberty in the days of old, in beautiful Constance. The men who were foremost in condemning him were genial men, scholarly reformers, Š like Gerson, of the University of Paris, and Pierre d'Ailly, the " Eagle of France." These men were out-and-out for reform. Society, they said, was going in a bad way, the church itself was corrupt, and these leaders meant to se-cure reformation by proper legislative processes. They condemned three rival Popes at the Council of Constance, and said worse things of the chief of them than Huss had ever presumed to say. But Huss stood for personal liberty to believe God according to the dictates of his own faith and conscience ; here was the mortal offense, in the minds of those who regarded it the duty of the state to enforce religion according to the ma-jority decisions of a church council. " But," you say, " no one thinks that way now." Here is a quotation, not from the rec-ords of that council by Lake Constance, in 1415, but from the report of a council at Winona Lake, Ind., last August, 1909. The general superintendent of a Protes-tant clergymen and laymen's reform  movement, the National Reform Asso-ciation, declared in their convention : Š " It is up to us ' to say what the re-ligion of this country shall be. In a country where the majority of the people are Christians, it seems to me we must decide in favor of the Christian religion." Again, he said : Š " I am not afraid of persecution or infringement upon the rights of individ-ual citizens under a Christian adminis-tration. The state would have to be the interpreter of the law of God as it applies to men, and it might make mistakes. They have been made in the past ; but on the whole, I think that is the best we can do." But this was all that the men asked who gave their decision against Huss. In the calling of the Council of Constance, as Bishop Creighton says : Š " Once more the old imperial preten-sions were revived, and the rule of Chris-tendom, by the joint action of the temporal and spiritual power, was set forward." It was " up to " the majority in the church to say what the religion of the empire should be, and the business of the state to interpret and enforce it. But John Huss found it impossible, in the light of his conscience, to allow the state to be " the interpreter of the law of God " to his soul. Bishop Creighton, of England, in his history of those times, says : Š '` Huss asserted against authority the rights of the individual conscience, and removed his cause from the tribunal of man to the judgment-seat of God. A new spirit had arisen in Christendom when a man felt that his life and charac-ter had been so definitely built up round opinions which the church condemned, that it was easier for him to die than to resign the truths which had made him what he was." The council's answer was the stake. But that life laid down for soul-liberty 