LIBERTY 15 shaping of the destinies of temporal states and kingdoms. More than that, we maintain that when-ever any " Christian feature " is made a state or national, institution, the cause of the adversary is served. We can demon-strate that by a concrete example. We have tried to show for many years that the proclamation of a religious service (Thanksgiving) by the president of the United States was not in harmony with that fundamental principle of this govern-ment, the separation of church and state, and that therefore no good would come from it. If the leaders of the various de-nominations wished to appoint a general day of thanksgiving to Almighty God, once a year or more frequently, th,at would be their prerogative and a fitting thing to do ; but done by the one chosen by the whole people to stand at the head of the nation, it indicates to that extent a union of the civil and the ecclesiastical which was repudiated by the founders of the nation. Such a proclamation is, to Ł just that extent, a repudiation 'of the Christian principle of rendering to Caesar that which belongs to him, and to God that which belongs to him. Being such, we have constantly and consistently held that it could work no good. Last November President Taft, in ac-cord with the custom of presidents for several decades; proclaimed a day of fasting and prayer for the people of this nation Š that is to say, Thanksgiving. The Roman Church saw an opportunity to make much of it. Accordingly an elaborate ceremony was provided for by the Catholic clergy of Washington, D. C. The proclamation of the President was to the people of the United States; but this Thanksgiving service was turned into an international affair under the leader-ship of the Roman Church. The follow-ing quotation from the Catholic journal America describes the function : Š The first Pan-American Thanksgiving  service was held in Washington on Thanksgiving day. St. Patrick's Church was the scene of the solemn religious ceremony. Mgr. Diomede Falconio, the apostolic delegate to the United States, Cardinal Gibbons, and other prelates took part. President Taft, accompanied by Captain Archibald Butt, U. S. A., his military aide, attended the services Ł and occupied a front pew. Beside him sat Senor Nabuco, the Brazilian ambassador, who is dean of the diplomatic corps in Washington. The other guests included Secretary-of-State Knox, Secretary-of-the-Interior Ballinger, the ministers of Costa Rica, Bolivia, Argentine Republic, Guatemala, Salvador, Chile, Honduras, Panama, Haiti, Cuba, Venezuela, and Nicaragua ; Associate-Justices Day, Mc-Kenna, White, and Brewer, of the United States Supreme Court ; Mr. John Barrett, director, and Francis Yanes, secretary, of the Bureau of Ainerican Republics ; Brig-adier-General O'Reilly, U. S. A., retired ; Rear-Admiral Ramsey, U. S. N. ; Sir Horace Plunkett, and Frederick W. Car-penter, secretary to the President. The Rev. Charles M. Bart was celebrant of the mass. The Rev. Dr. William T. Russell, rector of St. Patrick's, who originated the idea of the service, preached a sermon on peace and good will among na-tions, which the President listened to at-tentively, following the celebration of the mass, with the aid of a souvenir pam-phlet containing the prayers and re-sponses in Latin and English. At the luncheon in the rectory at which most of the guests were present, Secretary-of-State Knox suggested that a day of thanksgiving be observed in all the repub-lics of the Western hemisphere. The re-public of Chile already has such a day. At a conference of the hierarchy, Sep-tember i8 was selected for a solemn an-nual thanksgiving service in the spirit suggested by the Secretary of State. The President's proclamation of a re-ligious ceremony opened the way for the Catholic Church to get glory to itself by heeding the proclamation and then ma- king the attendance of the head of the nation and his associates and the pleni- potentiaries of all Latin America a part of the program. More than that, she was quick to grasp the suggestion of. the 