ti Underwood & Underwood, N. Y. THE MOSQUE OF OMAR LIBERTY 53 The word " Israel" means literally - an overcomer " or " a prevailer with God." When God speaks of an Israelite in the New Testament sense, he does not mean a literal Israelite or Jew, but any man who has experienced a change of heart by a new, spiritual birth. " He is not a Jew," says Paul, " which is one outwardly ; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh : but he is a Jew, which is one inwardly ; and cir-cumcision is that of the heart, in the spirit, and not in the letter.: whose praise is not of men, but of God." Ron, 2 : 28, 29. What God re-spects is char-acter, not pedi-gree or royal blood. God has always been a respecter of character, a n d not of persons. A failure to draw this divine distinction b e - tween a literal, fleshly Israelite, or Jew, and a spiritual regen-erated Gentile adopted into the spiritual commonwealth of the true Israelites, has led many to make a wrong application of God's promises to Israel. Spiritual Is-rael, and spiritual Israel only, is meeting the conditions laid down by God, under which the children of God are to become the heirs of the world. The Future Restoration Paul says it is " the world to come, whereof we speak " which is to be " put in subjection " to God's people. He also says, " Here have we no continuing city, but we seek one to come," and states that our future home is to be " the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusa-lem." And John the revelator. who  caught a vision of the new earth after the first earth had passed away, said: " I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem [not old Jerusalem], coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle [dwelling place] of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God. And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death. neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain : for the former things are passed away. And he that sat on the throne said, Be-hold, I make all things new. . . . He that overcom-eth shall inherit all things." Rev. 21: 2-7. This is the only true resto-ration that God has promised to true Israel; this is the " restitu-tion of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began." Acts 3: 21. All are invited to come to the New Jerusalem and live in the mansions where sickness, sorrow, pain, and death can never enter. " Whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely." All " that do his commandments " and have " the faith of Jesus," "have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city." Rev. 22: 14. That glorious day of the restoration of true Israel and the triumph of Israel's God, is hastening on. Soon the weary pilgrim-age in this vale of tears will be ended, and God's people shall be delivered and stand upon Mount Zion, where no enemy can molest or oppress them any more. 