Is This a Christian Nation? W. F. MARTIN IF by Christian nation is meant that the religion which is accepted by a ma-jority of citizens who profess any re-ligion, is the Christian religion, then it may be said that the United States is a Christian nation. If, on the other hand, the term is taken to indicate that the Christian religion is the religion of the national government, and is to be ac-cepted as a legalized faith, the United States is not a Christian nation. This is both logically and historically true. It is true that in the early history of our land, there was a time when in differ-ent parts of the country the Christian re-ligion was recognized by law, and the ac-cepted ideas of the dominant religious sect were enacted into civil statutes. Even this did not in the true sense make those local governments Christian. Far from it ! On the contrary, some of the most unchristian acts in all -our history were clone by these so-called Christian governments. The worst of it is these acts were done in the name of Chris-tianity. Whenever now it is argued that this is a Christian nation, it is done by some one who is desirous of a governmental recognition of Christianity, and through that recognition of securing from the government certain favors for the Chris-tian church. Again nearly always, if not always, it is to secure certain favors for scane dominant sect of Christians. Not only is there a desire for recognition, but a purpose to have the Christian religion enforced upon the citizens of the gov-ernment irrespective of their wishes in the matter. In proof of this, note the following from one of the most noted ministers of our country : Ñ " The law of ten commandments as given to Moses by God at Mt. Sinai is the fundamental element which governs and protects this nation in its exercise of religion. This is a Christian nation. These ten commandments should be in- 20  terwoven in the federal Constitution without the tiniest variation and without a single amendment, and they should be enforced." These words well illustrate the inten-tion in the minds of those claiming this to be a Christian nation. It is true that a supreme judge in rendering a decision said in his obiter dicta that this is a Christian nation. This has been seizei upon and adduced as final evidence. It must be borne in mind, however, that in matters of faith, decisions by a court do not settle controverted religious ques-tions. On the other hand, let us examine some of the basic principles on which our government was founded, the prevailing sentiment in the minds of the framers of the national system : Ñ " Vindicating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea. It left the management of temporal things to the temporal power ; but the American Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several States, withheld from the federal government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of con-science, the sanctuary of the soul ; and, not from indifference, but that the in-finite spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity and power."ÑBancroft. These ideas were well exemplified in the Constitution, that splendid document, the Magna. Charta of American liberty. Pertinent to this, note the following penned by the noted writer, Philip Schaff:Ñ "North America was predestined from the very beginning for the largest reli-gious and civil freedom, however imper-fectly it was understood by the first set-tlers. It offered a hospitable home to (migrants of all nations and creeds. The great statesmen of the Philadelphia con- 