48 (109s) LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Association A Department of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists WASHINGTON, D. C., FOURTH QUARTER, 1911 Subscription price To foreign countries - 25 cents a year 35 Id Ł4 di Published Quarterly by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. EDITOR - - ASSOCIATE EDITORS EDITORIAL CONTRIBUTORS: W. A. Spicer, G. B. Thompson, A. J. S. Bourdeau, B. G. Wilkinson (Washington, D. C.); L. A. Smith, C. P. Bullman, P. T. Magan (Tennessee); J. 0. Corliss, W. M. Healey (California); E. T. Russell (Nebraska); C. S. Longacre (Massachusetts); W. T. Bartlett (England); Guy Dail (Germany); Jean Vuilleumier (Switzerland); L. P. Tieche (France); W. G. Bond (Spain); C. E. Rentfro (Portugal); A. W. Anderson (Australia); E. W. Thomann (Chile); E. F. Forga (Peru). Entered as second-class matter, May 1, 1906, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the Act of Congress of March 3, 1879. THROUGH the efforts of the friends of religious liberty many newspapers in dif-ferent parts of the country have recently opened their columns to articles setting forth the principles of freedom of con-science, and warning the people of the conspiracy against their liberties. This is a work that ought to be encouraged and strengthened. Let the friends of free-dom prepare articles of this nature and present them for publication in their local papers. The issue now before the Ameri-can people is a most vital one, and a duty devolves upon those who know what it means to inform those who do not. LABOR unions, both American and British, are working now for the enforce-ment of Sunday laws. The American Federation of Labor is definitely and officially committed to that program, as is also the British Trades Union Con-gress. The latter proposes to support and preserve the " divinely appointed day of rest in all its sanctity, purity, and sweetness." We are reminded by this  remark of a statement once made by the editor of the New York Independent, to the effect that if the members of the trade-unions were to become dogmatic religionists, " the days of persecution for the faithful are not over; " and the character of the remark made by the British T. U. Congress smacks very strongly of both dogmatism and religion. JUST as we go to press, word comes from Newfoundland that as a result of the activity of the Lord's Day Alliance, two conscientious, God-fearing, Sabbath-keeping Christians have been arrested and fined in that province for quiet, in-offensive labor on Sunday. They have been given their choice of paying the fine or spending fourteen days in prison. And this persecution Š for it is nothing else Š is carried on in the name of Christianity, is in fact instigated by those who have named the name of Christ. Verily, says the Word of God, " The time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service." That spirit which Christ rebuked is very much alive to-day in various parts of the world. NEW MEXICO has been put in the lime-light of Sunday enforcement by the ef-forts of the district attorney of Colfax County, who proposes to en force the Sunday laws of his State in that county without discrimination. New Mexico's Sunday law places in jeopardy in that State, that right fundamental to true re-ligious freedom, the right of every man to choose what religion he will, and to decide for himself what religious cus-toms he will observe. Some of the citi-zens of that county seem to regard this as a victory for temperance, inasmuch as it will close the saloons on that day. But a law which closes saloons on one day and legalizes their opening on six days is a curious sort of victory for temperance. The victory is the other way by a majority of six, and the saloon is given an air of respectability in the bargain. More than that, such a victory is purchased at the sacrifice of the most important right of the individual Š the right of choice in matters of religion. CHARLES M. SNOW  WILLIAM W. PRESCOTT K. CARSON RUSSELL SANFORD B. HORTON 