128 LIBERTY sified under these four heads, and hence there can be no right civil laws that do not find their authority resting on this basis. Anything that in any way endangers any of these relationships becomes a sub-ject for just legislation. In representative government we elect men to go to the halls of legislation, and we delegate to them the personal au-thority that we possess by reason of the  not a mere academic question. Has that woman down there in the hovel, with her helpless babes, any right to the neces-sities of life which the money her drunken husband squanders on liquor would purchase? Where is her defense when her husband loses control of him-self because the drink is constantly within his reach? Must I as an individ-ual be made responsible to use my time and means to supply the starving. chilled, MONUMENT TO KING VICTOR EMMANUEL II, IN ROME, ITALY inherent, natural rights already specified. These legislators, thus clothed with the personal authority of all the citizens, are empowered to make authoritative laws for the civil state or community. Extent of the Right of Defense The sale of dangerous toys and weap-ons and poisons is prohibited or re-stricted because they are a menace to life and property. How about the sale of intoxicating drinks? Do they endanger the life and comfort and happiness of the people in the community where they are sold and used? Be fair with yourself in answering this question, for this is  wretched ones made so through failure to keep the bottle out of the reach of the poor weak husbands and fathers who are permitted to drink or let it alone as they please? Does the drink in any way endanger the lives of the unfortunates who never know when to let it alone, or cannot do so if they do know? Does it make them dangerous to their families and to the community? How many murders have been committed by men nerved to their bloody deeds by intoxicants. Are the sale and use of intoxicants dangerous to life and property ? Are drunken men fit to run railroad trains 