EX-GOVERNOR FOLK " Everywhere and at all times the spirit of persecution is the most insidious as well as the most deadly foe to public tranquillity, safety, and peace. It may steal imperceptibly over the popular heart at any moment; for its approaches are always noiseless and rapid."Š Hon. Thomas C. McRae, Congressional Record, April 2, 1896. work seven days in the week, since we urge upon all the voluntary, conscien-tious observance of the Sabbath, with complete cessation from secular work on that day; and we never oppose the en- actment of a law securing to the laboring man one day of rest in seven, where no effort is made, either evident or implied, to com- pel him to rest on a partic-ular day, thus exalting that day above other days. All the older Sunday laws, and following their lead nearly all the more modern ones likewise, are manifestly designed pri- marily for the protection of Sunday as a sacred day. The chief design often ap-pears to be not to give the people a day of rest, but to honor the day, to give the churches a monopoly of it, and to prevent " the sin of Sabbath breaking." Indeed, many Sunday laws call the first day of the week either the " sabbath " or " the Lord's day," and re-veal in various other ways their religious character. And this is in perfect keeping apparently with the wish and intent of those most active in securing the enact-ment of such statutes. Only a short time ago a lady well known to the writer was engaged in the circulation of temperance literature in this city. She approached a gentleman near a large church, and offered him a temperance paper. He glanced at the paper and said, " That is a seventh-day publication, is it not ? " She answered that it was published by the seventh-day people, but that this number was wholiy devoted to temperance, and was strictly nonsectarian. The gentleman replied that he wanted nothing to do either with the paper or with the people who pub-lished it, for they were " the worst foes of the churches." Said he, in substance, " I am pastor of this large church. We have tried repeatedly to se-cure Sunday legislation for the District of Columbia. but your people have de-feated every effort we have made for proper Sun-day observance. The re-sult is that we have moving picture shows, etc., compet-ing with our churches on Sunday." And that is the thought that is cropping out con-tinually in various ways. The demand is not a holiday for labor, but a holy day for religion. Let Sunday be put upon the same basis as a holiday, and we will enter no protest. On our holidays,Šthe Fourth of July, Thanksgiving Day, etc., Š business is very largely suspended. Courts and pub-lic offices are closed, stores are nearly ail closed, banks do not open. The great mass of the working people have these clays to themselves. But this is not enough for the Sunday-law advocates. They insist not only that " the employee shall be protected from the greed of the employer," but that " Sunday must be protected from desecration." Not only must public offices, courts, business houses, etc., close, but recreation must cease also. Baseball, and tennis, and golf, and boating, and fishing, private work, etc., must stop, because they are "The man who would enforce religious truths by penalties of any kind is not only cruel and inhuman, but he is 'a fool as gross as ever ignorance made drunk.'" Š Hon. Thomas C. McRae, Congressional Record, April 2, 1896 