LIBERTY  181 just as much, as were those of the ma-jority. They saw that the only way to make secure the rights of all in religion was to separate religion from the state, and have religion rest upon the basis of voluntary service, and all religious sects stand on the same equality before the civil law. The true conception of religious liberty has been well stated by Dr. Philip Schaff, as follows : Ñ " Religion and liberty are inseparable. Religion is voluntary, and cannot and ought not to be forced. . . . Such liberty is impossible on the basis of a union of church and state, where the one of ne-cessity restricts or controls the other. It requires a friendly separation where each power is entirely independent in its own sphere. The church, as such, has nothing to do with the State except to obey its laws and to strengthen its moral foundations ; the state has nothing to do with the church except to protect her in her property and liberty ; and the state must be equally just to all forms of be-lief and unbelief which do not endanger the public safety."Ñ"Church and State," pages 9, 70. This principle, put into practise in the American government, gave an unprec-edented impetus to the prosperity of both the church and the state, and ush- ered in a period of peace and good will such as the world had never expe- rienced before in its history. The cruel hand of persecution was stayed, which had desolated the fairest portions of the Old World. America at once became a peaceful habitation and an asylum for the oppressed of other nations where freedom in religious matters was denied them. They braved the dangers of the seas in their frail barks to find the land where the exile could find peace, happi-ness, and the liberty of conscience to worship God at the altar of free-will service. The liberty of choice and free-dom of conscience in religion became the chief corner-stone in all American juris- prudence, and has given a new crown and glory to the cause of Christianity. But now we are told by men who still call themselves Americans that our fore-fathers " made a mistake in the first place in not founding our government upon Christian principles. The battle is raging between those who want Christian de-mocracy and those who desire only civil democracy."Ñ Utterances of Dr. J. S. McGaw, general field secretary of the National Reform Association. We accept this declaration from one of the leaders of the Second World's Christian Citizenship Conference as a challenge of war upon the men who stand by the fundamental principles of the American government. The true American spirit of 1776 is as yet, too strong silently to acquiesce in such a revolutionary proposition. However, if the guaranties of individual liberty are not more seriously regarded and de-fended than they have been lately when they were assailed, it will not, be very long until these principles of soul free-dom will be entirely forgotten, and the old religious hierarchy will hold high carnival again over the consciences of men. Shall we stand idly by with folded arms and sealed lips while these national reformersÑ" the buglers, the miners and sappers " of modern times Ñ undermine the foundation pillars of popular democ-racy and civil and religious liberty? Let us sound the warning trumpet from sea to sea that they who appreciate Amer-ican liberties may know the dangers that threaten.  c. S. L. 12f Mayor Gaynor's Rebuke IT is a striking commentary on the blind inconsistency of some professional reformers and guardians of the public morals tfiat they should themselves break the very laws which they are seeking to have enforced upon others -- and break 