38 (1°88) LIBERTY people to read it unless it was interpreted for them. The time came in the providence of God when the shackels of both spiritual and physical bondage were broken. It began by the teaching of the Word of God. The light which shone forth from the Bible opened the way for the effectual protests against the intrusion of the state in matters of religion. The greatest measure of religious freedom has been enjoyed in the countries where the Word of God has been left untrammeled to run and be glorified. There is, however, a remarkable change now coming over this and other lands. There is a very decided departure from the principle of religious liberty, which constitutes one of the fundamental principles of Protestantism, and which constitutes also one of the fundamental principles of the American nation. There is also sect' at the same time a very  marked departure from that simple faith in the Word of God that once character-ized the lives of men and women in Christian lands. As evidence of this condition, we need but point the reader to the almost overwhelming spirit of criticism against the Word of God that is seen in nearly all classes of society. One of the most recent and shocking demon-strations of this disloyalty to the Bible was seen in the proposition recently put forward to revise the law of God, the decalogue, to bring it into harmony with the spirit of the times. When human beings soberly discuss the ques-tion of putting themselves in the seat of the Almighty to revise his law, it would seem that human presumption had gone as far as it could go ; and when it has gone so far, it need not be a surprise if the liberties based upon Holy Writ are given little thourrht by the leaders of am- bitious organizations. K. C. R. A United States Senator Protests The Menace of Religious Legislation as Senator Heyburn Sees It IN a protest against considering the Johnston District Sunday bill (S. 237) Senator Heyburn, of Idaho, delivered a short but interesting speech before the Senate on May 26 of the current year, in which he said, as quoted in the Con-gressional Record, pages 1569-1571 : Š MR. HEYBURN : Mr. President, I have always been opposed to this class of legislation. In the very early days of the settlement of this country we had a great deal of it, and on the statute-books in many of the States there are now provisions, which are termed " blue-laws," that are ignored. There are some now in existence relative to the District of Columbia that are not observed nor en forced. We can not make people good by leg-islation. You can punish them for being bad. The spirit upon which this [pro- posed Sunday law] is based, I suppose, is the commandment that " six days shalt thou labor." I have never known any one to propose legislation for the enforce-ment of that part of the commandment, or trouble his mind about it; yet, I presume, it is just as important, and was intended to be just as operative, as the following provision against performing any labor on the seventh day. MR. GALLINGER: Does the senator think that the language, " Six days shalt thou labor," is a command that men and women shall labor six days? MR. HEYBURN : It says, Thou shalt labor. MR. GALLINGER: I think the senator has given that a far-fetched interpre-tation. I am sure that the theologians will not agree with him. MR. HEYBURN : I am not a theologian. It may be fortunate for all except my-self that I am not. I have due regard 