LIBERTY 103 Lion of Independence," adopted in Pitts-burgh last June. The fathers of the Republic and the principles for which they contended meant the establishment of a genuine re-public and greater freedom of worship than men had ever before known. The triumph of the National Reformers, the practical application of their theories, would mean the speedy downfall of the Republic, the establishment of a national religion, and its enforcement upon all men. For if the nation as such is to be governed by the divine law, there must be in the nation some tribunal, empow-ered to authoritatively interpret that law ; and back of that tribunal there must be an executive with power to en-force that authoritative interpretation. And not only so, but inasmuch as the divine law is broad enough to define all duty to both God and men, such an au-thoritative interpretation of that law would be nothing short of a national creed, and since that law is spiritual, not SAMUEL ZANE BATTEN t Prominent Figure in the Pittsburgh Convention only having reference to the outward actions, but being " a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart," a judicial and executive department of a government administering it could be nothing short of an inquisitorial body, similar to the Inquisition of Spain and the Low Countries, in the days of de Tor-quemada and the Duke of Alva. This " New Declaration of Independ-ence " is in reality a demand that all other elements in the United States shall be subordinate to the National Reform-ers, for it is no part of their scheme that others shall interpret the divine law for them, but rather that they shall interpret that law for themselves, and not for themselves only, but for all men. One of the demands of this miscalled " Declaration of Independence " is that the great facts of history in the light of the Bible and of divine providence shall be taught in the public schools " in order that God's intention for nations may be known, and his will may be done in civil and social spheres." The intelligent thinker does not need to be told what this would mean, even between different sects of Protestants, to say nothing of the strife it would occa-sion between Catholics and Protestants, and between Christians generally and Jews and other pronounced unbelievers in Christ as the Saviour of them that be-lieve. Another demand of the Pittsburgh re-formers is that " attention be given to the better observance " of Sunday, styled by them " the Christian Sabbath," and the " Lord's Day." This " better observ-ance " means its enforcement upon all men by law, not merely by such laws as now exist in the several States, but by a national law. Under " Social Justice " we find in this " New Declaration of Independence " the following : " In order that industrial justice shall prevail, the ethics of Jesus Christ must be applied in this relationship of life and our great industrial lifeŁbe placed upon a Christian basis." 