18  LIBERTY moral questions," among which was chiefly the enforcement of Sunday observance by law. A Church Trust Another result of the evil principles underlying this proposed Federation will be a veritable church union, or trust; and the same tactics will doubtless be employed by it as are common to other unions. Freedom to preach the gospel will be denied. Any denomination not conforming to the creed, rules, and regulations of this religious trust, will he regarded as an un-lawful rival. This was indicated by one speaker at the recent conference, who said: " No community in which any denomina-tion has any legitimate claim, should be entered by any other denomination through its official agencies without conference with the denomination or denominations having said claims. A feeble church should be re-vived, if possible, rather than a new one established to become its rival." This is an age of unions and confeder-acies. Every department of the commercial world is being 'bound together. The power which is being wielded by these unions in securing their desired ends has exerted an influence which the church, in its worldly condition, has been unable to resist. On this point a prominent speaker at the recent Inter-Church Federation Conference said: " The two words which express the prin-ciples that rule to-day in the business world are co-operation and economy. Apply these two thoughts to the work of the church. Our sects and denominations have often been sources of rivalry and competition, and they have left the Church as a whole weakened and shorn of its power. We have not presented a united front against a common enemy, but have too often fired into one another's camps. . . . Co-opera-tion through a closer federation is the need of the hour." It will readily be seen from this proposal that any denomination which does not be-long to the union, would at once be con-sidered a " rival," or, in a more char-acteristic term familiar to all unions, a " scab." This would at once arouse end-less animosities and controversies between the union and the sects which are not con-nected with the federation, or union. Such a course would result only in the federated  churches bringing pressure to bear upon those who refuse to yield to their demands, which would be nothing short of religious persecution. Again it will be seen that the only safe union for the church, the only true union, is a union with Christ. a4 Remarkable Forecast In a sermon, in the year 7846, Charles Beecher declared: " The ministry of the evangelical Prot-estant denominations is not only formed all the way up under a tremendous pressure of merely human fear, but they live, and move, and breathe in a state of things radically corrupt, and appealing every hour to every baser element of their nature to hush up the truth, and bow the knee to the power of apostasy. Was not this the way things went with Rome? Are we not living her life over again? And what do we see just ahead? Ñ Another general council! A world's convention! evangelical alliance, and universal creed!" When this state of things shall have been reached, then, in the effort to secure com-plete uniformity, it will be only a step to the resort to force. The following striking paragraphs from a work entitled, " The Great Con-troversy Between Christ and Satan " show how another, with remarkable foresight, outlined this federation movement years ago: " There has been for years, in churches of the Protestant faith, a strong and grow-ing sentiment in favor of a union based upon common points of doctrine. To secure such a union, the discussion of subjects upon which all were not agreed Ñ however important they might be from a Bible standpoint Ñ must necessarily be waived." " When the leading churches of the United States, uniting upon such points of doctrine as are held by them in common, shall influence the state to enforce their decrees and to sustain their institutions, then Protestant America will have formed an image of the Roman hierarchy, and the infliction of civil penalties upon dissenters will inevitably result." Should not every minister and lawmaker in the land protest against this scheme that can only result in the establishment of a complete union of church and state in this country, with all its attendant evils? 