LIBERTY' 45 is dictated by the best tradition of our people," that is, of the majority, but it is not true that it is " by the convictions of all who look to divine providence for guidance and protection." There are hundreds of thousands of earnest Christian people in this country " who look to divine providence for guid-ance and protection " who do not regard Sunday as a sacred day by divine appoint-ment, and who have no scruples against doing on that day anything they would do upon other days. One who has never given the subject any thought would be surprised to learn how many there are who attach no importance to the particu-lar day, but observe Sunday merely be-cause others do, and who would just as cheerfully keep some other day if that were customary. With all these Sunday keeping is merely a matter of conven-ience and not at all a matter of convic-tion. Then there are a good many thou-sands Š Seventh-day Baptists, Seventh-day Adventists, and orthodox Jews Šwho not only have no such convictions concerning Sunday, but who regard it as the rival of the seventh day, which is, as they believe, the only Sabbath by divine appointment. Probably these denominations have their full pro rata share of young men in the naval and military service of the country. The writer can at this moment recall the names of a number of such young Men who are today voluntarily in the service of the United States. Should the commander-in-chief of the army and navy go out of his way to flout the faith of these people, and read them out of the ranks of God-fearing men because they have no convictions of Sunday sa-credness? Would it not be better if the Presi-dent's order were made broad enough to allow, as far as consistent with public safety, each man in the army and navy to observe by abstinence from duty the day of his choice, and specify that men shall not be required to report for phys-ical examination or do other unnecessary  things upon a day which they regard as sacred to divine worship? No doubt the President himself would have respected the convictions of the bright-eyed young Sabbatarian, and would have answered him in a less flip-pant and more sympathetic manner ; but should not such cases be covered by a general order? Should there not be as great anxiety on the part of the Presi-dent to respect the convictions of the Sabbatarian or orthodox Jew as those of the Sunday keeper? This is a matter in which being in the majority cuts no figure. The President's order speaks of " convictions." " Con-victions " in this sense pertain altogether to the conscience, and should be respected just as much in the minority as in the majority. For example, in Tennessee there is a constitutional provision that " in time of peace no person shall be re-quired to perform any service for the State upon a day set apart by his religion as a day of rest." This is right, and the same ought to be true of the United States; and the principle ought to be ap-plied to the army and navy in such a way and to such an extent that no soldier or sailor or marine would at any time be required to perform any unnecessary work on a day set apart by his religion as a day of rest. And in such cases " un-necessary work " ought to include work that could without grave danger be done on some other day. Of course in its last analysis command-ing officers would have to be the judges of military necessity, but they .should be instructed to respect as far as possible the convictions of their men. We cannot believe that Mr. Wilson would intentionally wrong or oppress any class or any man, and we feel confident that time will reveal the fact that it was and is his purpose to administer his great office and to discharge its immense re- sponsibilities without favoritism to any sect or party and in strict compliance with the provisions of our Federal Con-stitution and the spirit of our American institutions. 