ST. JAMES'S CATHEDRAL, MONTREAL, WHERE THE OPEN- ING SESSION OF THE CONGRESS WAS HELD LIBERTY 21 Papacy. On the left of the national em-blem, flew the flag of Ireland. On a rear tower, back of the Irish flag, flew the flag of France. French laymen pro-tested against this arrangement, inas-much as Quebec was predominantly French and Ireland is not a nation; but a Catholic prelate declared that the French flag, representing revolution, was not a proper flag for a church cele-bration; and that gave the clue to the other reason for holding the Eucharistic Congress in Montreal Š France had revolted from the church. The flags remained as they were to the end of the congress. This congress was a concrete example of how a church which holds to the principle of the un-ion of religion and the state will accomplish her ends without regard to the wishes of the peo- ple, and will use means raised by taxation of the general public to finance her own undertakings. When the city council of Montreal learned that it was definitely decided to hold the congress in that city, steps were immediately taken by the city council to devote $5o,000 of the people's money to the expenses of the congress. There was quite a strong protest against this, and it was finally decided not to devote that amount of the people's money to the gen-eral expenses of the congress; but in-stead the council voted $1o,000 from the general funds of the city to help in en-tertaining the delegates. This was used, and another $2,000 for the same purpose, taken from the same funds. More than that, there seemed to be quite a general feeling in the city that in some way the people's money entered quite largely into  the expenses of this religious ceremony. When it was learned that the steamer that was bearing the papal legate and his entourage had begun to ascend the St. Lawrence River, the federal steamer " Lady Grey " was despatched down the river to Quebec to meet the legate an bring him to Montreal as the guest o f the government. The expense of this trip was, of course, paid out of the peo-ple's money. As the vessel approached the wharves, with the papal flag flying at her masthead, she was given a royal sa-lute by one of the big guns in Dominion Square, and all the steam vessels in the harbor were screaming a welcome. They were all decked in their gayest colors in honor of the great personage. No warmer welcome could have been given a prince of the royal house than was ex-tended to the envoy of the Pope on this occasion. A special wharf was con-structed for him to land upon, and upon the wharf a gorgeous throne was erected for him to occupy during the reading of the mayor's address of welcome and his reply thereto. These were not used, be-cause of the furious storm raging at the time; but all the dignitaries of the church and of the municipal and provincial gov- 