34 LIBERTY erty in America. . . . It never was known that a man who had no principles of re-ligion hesitated to perform any rite when it was convenient for his private inter-est. No test can bind such a one. I am therefore clearly of opinion that such a discrimination would neither be effectual for its own purposes, nor, if it could, ought it by any means to be made. . . . Happily, no sect here is superior to an-other. As long as this is the case, we shall be free from those persecutions  ington, who had been the president of the convention which drafted our na-tional Constitution, setting forth their fears. His reply to this address in part was as follows : Š " If I could have entertained the slightest apprehension that the Consti-tution framed by the convention where I had the honor to preside might possibly endanger the religious rights of any ec-clesiastical society, certainly I would never have placed my signature to it ; Pan-American Thanksgiving Mass procession entering St. Patrick's Church, Washington, where this celebration has twice been held with the President and highest government officials in attendance. See page 6 and distractions with which other coun-tries have been torn. If any future Congress should pass an act which they are not authorized to pass by the Consti-tution, and which the people would not obey, every one would ask, Who author-ized the government to pass such an act? It is not warranted by the Constitution, and it is a barefaced usurpation."Š El-liott's Debates, Vol. IV, pages 192-196. Notwithstanding that the Constitution was finally ratified by the States, the Virginia Baptists were not fully satisfied with that document, and acting upon the advice of Madison, they prepared, Aug. 8, 1789, an address to President Wash- and if I could now conceive that the general government might ever be so administered as to render the liberty of conscience insecure, I beg you will be persuaded that no one would be more zealous than myself to establish effectual barriers against the horrors of spiritual tyranny and every species of religious persecution. For, you doubtless remem-ber, I have often expressed my senti-ments that any man, conducting himself as a good citizen and being accountable to God alone for his religious opinions, ought to be protected in worshiping the Deity according to the dictates of his own conscience." 