LIBERrr The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Bureau LIBERTY 15 a 48-page quarterly magazine of religious freedom, set as an exponent and advocate of true religious liberty,Š the liberty that is in harmony with the laws of heaven and all just statutes of men; defending Christianity and the rights of conscience; recognizing the church and the state as ordained of heaven for specific and distinct purposes, but protesting against an alliance of the church with the state in establishing any religious usages upon a legal basis in the consti-tution and laws of the land; opposing every effort to commit the government to religious legislation to any degree, and educating the public mind upon the true principles of civil and religious liberty. LIBERTY will contain the best matter that can be secured, with ample illustrations and such other improvements as the times may require. Subscription price, only 25 cents. Foreign countries, 35 cents. Single copies, to cents. Special rates made with agents, and commission given on annual sub-scriptions. Address LIBERTY, Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. LIFE AND HEALTH A Monthly Magazine of Health and Temperance LIFE AND HEALTH is a 48-page illustrated monthly, devoted to the promotion of hygienic principles governing human life, containing contributions of timely im-portance frcam writers of national reputation who are recognized authorities on the topics treated, and strong editorials from practising physicians; it contains a department of Healthful Cookery and Household Suggestions, also a Mother's department, in which are given helpful suggestions to mothers along practical lines; a Question and Answer department, in which answers are given to correspondents upon topics in which they are especially interested. Each number contains a department of News Notes, in which the latest news concerning reforms is given; a Current Comment department, in which the editor gives the pith and point of his counsels and advice to his patients upon subjects of a general nature. This department serves the public as effectually upon the points treated as the actual presence of a physician in the home. The purpose of the journal is to teach the public to place a high value upon life and health, and to assist them in acquiring a knowledge of nature's laws, and how to apply their principles in maintaining health and in the prevention and cure of disease. PRICES Annual subscription, 75 cents. To foreign countries, $1.00. New subscribers v.-ho, before the first of January, subscribe for the year 1908, will receive free the October, November, and December numbers. Single copy, to cents. Two to 25 copies of any one number, 5 cents a copy. Twenty-five to 50o copies, 4 cents a copy. Ten or more copies, one year, to one address in one order, 45 cents a copy. LIFE AND HEALTH, Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. 