64 LIBERTY GOD is no respecter of persons. All men are equal in his sight. The bells of joy will ring just as loud and long in heaven over the news that a " hobo" has been saved as over the announcement that a millionaire has been redeemed. The Pope on his throne who requires man to bow the knee at his footstool, has no more monopoly of the grace of God than his humblest parishioner. King and peasant stand on perfect equality in the sight of Heaven. Why not have a little of heaven here below before going yon-der ? The sudden change may be more of a shock than some mortals can stand. The last day of final adjudications will be one of wonderful surprises and dis-appointments, and those that were first will be last, and the last will be first. THE Detroit News of February 22 published the following interesting state-ment from the pen of Rev. Fr. Andrew F. Browne, of the Redemptorist order, and pastor of St. Aloysius Catholic church of Detroit : " There is no command in the Bible that re-quires the observance of Sunday as the Lord's day; its establishment as such was a matter of church authority and legislation. It was not until 30o years after the death of Christ that an ecumenical council of the church at Elvira legislated for the establishment of the first day of the week as the Lord's day. . . . The doctrines of the [Catholic] church do not rest wholly upon the Bible, but are supported by a vast mass of tradition as well." The above statement is in harmony with the canons of the church councils of the fourth and fifth centuries after Christ, and agrees with the testimony of the most reliable historians of those early centuries. Since Sunday observance is purely a religious creation of the Catho-lic Church and has no foundation in the Bible, why should Protestants continue to urge its claims as though it were of divine origin? Why not keep the fourth commandment as God wrote it? Why compel all citizens, by civil statute, to observe a day which the Catholic Church, or any church, for that matter, has set apart? If the state can compel the ob-servance of one day set apart by the Cath- olic Church, why can it not require us to observe all the holy feast days of that same church? If we are going to sepa-rate church and state, why not complete the work? The task is yet unfinished in many of the States of our Union. But, thank God, the Federal Government, Cal-ifornia, and Oregon have made a com-plete separation. Let the other States follow their example, and thus make lib- erty secure. C. s. L. THREE months ago, as we were pre-paring number one of the present volume of LIBERTY for the press, Congress adopted a resolution submitting to the several States a Constitutional amend-ment providing for nation-wide prohi-bition. Now seven of the State legisla-tures have voted on the proposed amend-ment, every one of them favorably. The adoption of the amendment seems as-sured. Kentucky and Maryland were confidently counted on by the wets to re-ject the measure, inasmuch as neither of them had ever adopted State-wide prohi-bition ; their prompt ratification is re-garded, therefore, as a sure precursor of the speedy triumph of the prohibition amendment. The outlook is certainly most encouraging. However, the liquor forces are stub-bornly contesting every inch of ground, and victory will not be achieved for na-tion-wide prohibition until the proposed amendment shall have been approved by thirty-six States. Nor will the fight be over even then ; the liquor traffic is utterly lawless, and will submit only in the face of ruinous fines and close imprisonment. It is a traffic that will die hard, but its doom is sealed Š it must die. However, to insure this result, now in sight, every friend of prohibition must do his duty. IF you are in harmony with the prin-ciples set forth in this magazine, and you read an article that is of special interest to you, please call the attention of your neighbors to it, and secure their subscrip-tion. You will find the LIBERTY subscrip-tion rates on the first page. Be a booster for LIBERTY. 