l4 /, /B R l" " I turn to that first-day Sabbatarian, and ask him how he dares to dictate to me to keep the day which he regards as holy, and to say, ' If you do not obey me. I will put my hands into your pocket, and take out as much as I please in the shape of a fine; or if I find nothing there, I will put you in prison; or if you resist enough to require it, I will shoot you dead.' How dare he do this? If he is not a ruffian, is he a Christian? "ŠWilliam Lloyd Garrison, quoted in Blakely's " American State Papers," p. 336. But no religionist, either reader or writer, would stand for that sort of op-pressive law ; nor should we any more favor a similar statute, such as we now have in the existing Sunday blue law. Sunday closing has nothing whatsoever to do with civilization or ethics, but is strictly a religious matter, and every one should be made aware of it, lest he be ensnared by the sophistry. To illustrate The man who mows his lawn, buys or  sells a Sunday newspaper, opens his gro-cery and sells a loaf of bread, hoes in his garden, or takes pleasure in a game of baseball on Sunday, is just as moral and civilized as he would be were he forced by State police power to go to church on Sunday and listen to a sermon. Is lie not? Sinners cannot be Christianized by the enforcement of a Sunday blue law. Vote to repeal it. t LIS How a Sunday Law Displaces the Divine Law BY W. F. MARTIN " THE seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maid servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days  the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh clay: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." These words constitute the one divine Sabbath commandment above all others to the human race. They not only au-thorize respect to a holy day, but corn-mand its observance. There can be no question that this commandment enjoins the observance of the seventh day of the week, that day which most nearly coin-cides with the day now commonly known as Saturday. It rests on no human basis,  but was given by the Creator, the God who made heaven and earth in six days. This commandment, which enjoins the observance of the seventh day, permits labor on the other six. No human gov-ernment has any right to preclude wor-ship on this seventh clay, neither has it a right to prohibit labor on the other six clays. A law prohibiting labor on any of the six working days, would be as much an infringement on the duty and privi-leges of observing this fourth command-ment as would be a law commanding la-bor on the seventh day ; and would be a displacement of the Sabbath law as well as a usurpation of the prerogatives of God, who gave the law. The seventh-day Sabbath is a sign of the true God. Ex. 31 : r6, 17. " Where-fore the children of Israel shall keep the Sabbath, to observe the Sabbath through- " Common law, as adopted in this State, does not prohibit the citizen from pur-suing his ordinary labor on Sunday. . . . A contract which contemplates labor on Sunday, not intending to disturb the peace and good order of society, and not consti-tuting a violation of the criminal code, is valid and enforcible."Š Volume T02. 'Illinois App.. Rep. T20. 