REMO( . 8Y FORCE. LIBERTY  19 tian Endeavor Society in the world will be notified, and efforts will be made at once to carry the boycott into effect. This will extend not only to the several million young people in the society, but to all persons whom these members can influence. This will, doubtless, seriously affect the World's Fair gate receipts." A more deliberate or more extensive boy-cott was perhaps never planned. For months, in consequence of this no doubt largely, the Fair did not pay running ex-penses. And not only did these people advocate boycotting the Fair, but insisted that the troops should be called out to enforce the unconstitutional law which they had ob-tained from Congress for the closing of the gates, and forcibly close the Fair on Sunday. But boycotting is unchristian. The Bible does not say. " If thine enemy hunger, starve him ; if he thirst, let him die for want of drink ; " but, " If thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink." The boycott is simply a negative way of persecuting. It is not Christian. Sunday Enforcement Ruinous THE leaders in the Sunday movement make one of the foundation claims of their work " the preservation of society, the state, the nation." It is for this that they insist upon the enactment of Sunday laws. Accordingly they are always calling for more Sunday laws. It matters not what far-reaching Sunday laws may be already on the ¥ statute books, they call for still more Sunday laws, and the more vigorous en-forcement of them all round. Yet this whole thing is one of the most pernicious of fallacies. It is not only such pernicious fallacy in principle; but it has been abundantly demonstrated to be such in practise. Every point advocated by the Sunday-law workers to-day has been weighed in the balances of practise and ex-perience ; and has been found utterly want-ing. The whole thing has been tested on a world-theater, and has been found abso-lutely vain and ruinous. The greatest example of national ruin, the most complete destruction of the state, the most thorough annihilation of society, that has ever been seen on this earth, occurred where there were the most and the most  far-reaching Sunday laws. That was in the Western empire of Rome. In A. D. 313 the Western empire became " Christian." In 314 the first State favor was shown for Sunday. In 321 the first direct Sunday law was enacted. And so it went on with one Sunday law after another, till by 425 every kind of secular work or amusement was strictly forbidden on Sun-day. By that time, too, wickedness and cor-ruption of every sort had multiplied in this ENFORCING SUNDAY LAWS " Christian " empire to such an extent that the judgment of God in destruction had already begun to fall unchecked. In 351 the Franks and Alemanni swept like a fire, a space of one hundred and twenty miles from the source to the mouth of the Rhine. In 400-403 the Visigoths carried destruc-tion and devastation through Rumania and into Italy as far as to Milan. In 405-429 a mighty host of Suevi, Van-dals, and Burgundians ravaged Italy as far as to Florence, the greater part of Gaul, all of Spain, and all of Africa to Carthage. In 408-419 the Visigoths overflowed the whole of Italy, all southwestern Gaul, and all of Spain. 