LIBERTY 93 imprison you if you should say to your neigh-bor that it is criminal for public servants without public sanction to abolish Constitu-tional guaranties. . . . " As Senator Borah has pointed out, under this espionage bill citizens would be impris-oned, not for violating the law but for violat-ing regulations.' And the President, or those to whom he might delegate the power, could make any regulations. " The espionage bill does away with every democratic principle, including trial by jury. For under that bill you can be fined $to,000 or imprisoned ten years, or both, not upon conviction by twelve of your fellow citizens, but upon the individual decision of the Presi-dent of the United States that it would be a good idea thus to fine or imprison you. . . . " Is the United States Congress about to give to the President the power that the Rus-sian people have just taken from the czar? " Back of this espionage bill you will find Š" The desire of inefficiency to escape criti-cism. " The desire of dishonesty to avoid expo-sure. " The desire of official power to escape con-trol by the public that created it. " But dishonesty tempted by the sight of seven golden billions, official vanity eager for absolute power, and incompetent conceit dread-ing just criticism, are minor details in this degrading and shameful discussion of the es-pionage bill. " Here is the danger signal. " The greatest Republic in the world begins a war announcing that it is fighting the fight of democracy. And it begins that war by questioning the very existence of democracy, denying the wisdom of the Constitutional theory that the people are able to govern themselves, fit to control the servants whom they employ, and to be trusted with freedom of thought and speech. " The Congressman who votes for the es-pionage bill expresses contempt for those that put him where he is. "' Monarchies are destroyed by poverty, re-publics by wealth.' " The French philosopher who said that would study with interest the official hirelings of this gigantically rich Republic solemnly discussing ' in an emergency' the nullification of the United States Constitution." . . . I say that the press of this country, regardless of the enactment of any law by Congress, will publish the facts either as to adulterated food being given to the men who go to fight our battles or as to an improper plan of campaign, or as to any wrong-doing by an official, be he  high or low, poor or rich. You cannot stifle the press of the United States by the enactment of laws that are clearly unconstitutional. Who is it that fears the truth ? That question has not been answered by any one here.Š Congres-sional Record, May 2, 1917, pp. 1713-1718. Censorship and the Police Power (Continued from page 73) held their highest allegiance in all things as due, not to Caesar, but to Christ. The emperors felt it incumbent upon them to discourage as far as possible this idea of limited human sovereignty, and of a qualified political allegiance. In the ex-ercise of the police power of the empire, they held it to be their duty first of all to provide for the safety and stability of the government itself. The fallacy was then, as it is now, in supposing that the primary office of gov-ernment is to perpetuate itself. The truth is that men " are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights. . . . That to secure these rights govern-ments are instituted among men." The rights are primary, the means of secur-ing them secondary. The means may be changed or even pass away, but the rights endure. " Despotic power, may invade those rights," and deny for a time their exercise, " but justice still confirms them," and eventually they triumph even against the so-called " police power," which has been invoked in too many in-stances and in too many ways, especially in our cities, to justify very questionable measures and methods. It is high time that lawmakers, exec-utives, and courts all recognized that written constitutions, both State and na-tional, are above the police power, and that no plea of expediency or of neces-sity can justify an invasion of the rights thus guaranteed. The fundamental law is that which gives life and force to the only legitimate police power there is or can be in this country. 