LIBERTY 85 THE LORD'S SUPPER A law for the observance of the Lord's Supper would be Just as reasonable as a Sunday law. But is this right recognized by the various States and by the United States in a practical way? One of the essential functions of the government is to protect the rights of its subjects; does our two-fold Government give any guaranty that this right to freedom of worship shall be always preserved and protected? We need only concern ourselves with the recognition of these rights by the Gov-ernment ; for when a government offi-cially recognizes a right of its subjects, it is bound by the very purpose of a government to protect its subjects in the exercise of that right. So far as the States are concerned, we can limit our examination to the thir-teen original States; for no new State was admitted to the Union until it had inserted in its constitution a guaranty of freedom of worship, as will presently appear. After the Declaration of Inde-pendence, most of the States, in accord-ance with a recommendation of the Con-tinental Congress, framed a constitution in harmony with the principles of that document. In every one of these consti-tutions in force at the time of the pass-ing of the First Amendment, 1791, there was a provision which guaranteed free-dom of worship. This guaranty was in-cluded in the Bill of Rights in those States that had drawn up one, otherwise it was contained in the Constitution it-self. The Bill of Rights is the American equivalent of the Magna Charta of Eng-land, Thus (1) Virginia, in its famous Bill of Rights of 1776 declares : " That reli-gion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence ; and therefore all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience." (2) Penn-sylvania, 1776 ; (3) North Carolina, 1776, and (4) New Hampshire, 1784, de-clare freedom of worship to be a natural and inalienable, or indefeasible, right. (5) Maryland, 1776, calls it a duty ; (6) Massachusetts, 1780, a right and duty; (7) New Jersey, 1776, an inestimable privilege. The free exercise of religion is guaranteed by (8) Georgia, 1777 ; (9) New York, 1777 ; (10) Delaware, 1776; and (11) Rhode Island, in the Royal Charter of Charles II, 1663, to which it adhered until it formed a constitution in 1844. (12) Connecticut did not frame a constitution until 1818 ; in this it de-creed : " That the enjoyment of religious profession and worship without discrim-ination shall be forever free." (13) South Carolina, in its Constitution of 1778, proclaimed a State religion; but in 1790 it gave this up, ratified the ten Amendments (being the fourth State to do so), and within three months had drawn up and ratified a new constitution in which freedom of worship was fully guaranteed : " The free exercise and en-joyment of religious profession and wor-ship, without discrimination or prefer-ence, shall forever hereafter be allowed within the State to all mankind." The first ten Amendments to the Con- stitution were ratified in 1791, the first being as follows : " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of re- ligion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances." This Amendment is in the nature of a bill of rights by which Con-gress adds its guaranty to that of the States, declaring that these rights shall 