LIBERTY 33 America's Greatest Crisis S. B. HORTON AMERICA has faced several crises dur-ing her comparatively brief history as a nation. But she is at this time in the presence of a greater crisis than any that has heretofore confronted her Š a crisis wherein not this country alone but the nations of the world are vitally con-cerned. This crisis is due to a twofold move-ment now in active operation against the principles which made America the bea-con light of all nations, and from which civilization has received a lasting impetus in its world-march toward the freedom of the people. One part of this cam-paign is being directed by what we may with propriety term the " church party " in this country; the other force is en-sconced in citadels of learning, the cur-ricula of our national universities. Contrary to the teachings of the great Head of the church, contrary to the plat-form of Protestantism, for which Amer-ica stood in the beginning, and contrary to the letter and spirit of our national Constitution, a church party does exist in effect in this country, though not so functionally organized as is the Repub-lican or Democratic party. Several years ago a New Jersey pastor made the following pronunciamento : Š " The church is going into politics, and it is going there to stay. Furthermore, the church is to become a powerful po-litical factor, and will act as a unit on all great moral questions." This declaration is not the " religious ravings " of an isolated and obscure rep-resentative of the movement. At the meeting of the Church Federation held in Philadelphia last year the representa-tives of eighteen million church-members in America declared for " such legisla-tion as may be secured to protect and preserve this bulwark [Sunday observ-ance] of our American Christianity." This, if it means anything at all, means political activity on the part of the church in behalf of a church dogma. To the credit of Congress be it said, since 1811 this church party has not met with the success its projectors antici-pated. However, this can not be said of the States making up this great Union. Upon the statute-books of nearly every State appears one or more laws enfor-cing Sunday observance, and in a large number of cases the religious title " Sab-bath " is used in connection with the law. And this condition is the outgrowth of church activity in the realm of politics. Said Mr. Crafts, in the Christian States-man a few years ago : Š " During nearly all our American his-tory the churdles have influenced the States to make and improve sabbath laws." With reference to the other part of this destructive campaign, we have only to point to the widely advertized utter-ances of influential professors holding chairs in our leading universities. It is held by these professors that the " ten commandments are no more sacred than a syllabus ; " that the Declaration of In-dependence is a " dead document," con-taining only " glittering generalities ; " that the Revolution " was fought to up-hold a delusion ; " that the Constitution is " obsolete,. and should be allowed to die with the jingle about a government of the people, by the people, and for the people; " that " we [should] respect the memory of Hamilton, Madison, and the rest, but can not be forever bound by the principles and rules they laid down." This kind of teaching is bound to im-press itself upon the student life of our universities, and will before long be felt throughout our entire public-school sys-tem. Moreover, such teaching is in di-rect opposition to the fundamental prin-ciples upon which the American nation was builded. The influence of America upon the nations of the world, is well epitomized by Townsend, in his " The Old World Compared with the New," page 462: Š 