LIBERTY 109 cation and civilization of the Indians, there will be requisite the influence of the home, the Sabbath-school, the church, and religious institutions of learning. . . . But just as the public schools are sup-plemented in the States by Christian agencies, so the work of Indian educa-tion by the government should be sup-plemented by the same agencies." April 23, 1890, the Indian Office noti-fied the Bureau of Catholic Indian Mis-sions that it would enter into no contracts with new schools. Hence, after that date, no possible equity can be claimed against the United States by reason of invest-ments subsequently made in buildings by mission authorities. In 1891 (An. Rep., page 37), the sec-retary said: Š " The commissioner in connection with these [contract] schools expresses a very strong conviction that while support should not be given from public funds, there should be no violent nor sudden change, no action that can be construed as partial or unjust, but a gradual ex-tension of the national system until it embraces the entire work." In the same year the Board of Indian Commissioners (An. Rep., page 5) brought out the fact that the mission au-thorities were not giving needed atten-tion to their peculiar duties. The board said : Š "[If appropriations continue to in-crease] the religious societies could then transfer to the Indian Bureau such schools as they have not the means to support. . . . Then, too, such societies could devote more means and force to their missionary work ; and never has such work been more needed than now." In the annual report for 1891 (page 68) the commissioners stigmatized the methods under which the contract system had grown in its flourishing years, and declared the ability of the United St,ates to perform its duty : Š " The policy of aiding church-schools is one that has grown up as a matter of administration, having only a semblance of legislative authority ; but the rapid  development of the public-school system has brought the government schools into a position where it is entirely feasible for them at an early day to assume the whole burden of Indian education so far as it is carried on by the government. I can not refrain from the expression of the earnest conviction that it is contrary to the spirit of the Constitution of the United States, and utterly repugnant to our American institutions and our Amer-ican history, to take from the public moneys funds for the support of secta-rian institutions." Wide-spread public discussion and the facts of the case inevitably came to the attention of Congress. In 1894 this re-sulted in legislation, the import of which is unmistakable : Š " The Secretary of the Interior is hereby directed to inquire into and in-vestigate the propriety of discontinuing contract schools, and whether, in his judgment, the same can be done without detriment to the education of the Indian children, and that he submit to Congress at the next session the result of such in-vestigation, including an estimate of the annual cost, if any, of substituting gov-ernment schools for contract schools, to-gether with such recommendations as he may deem proper." (Act of Aug. 15, 1894, 28 Stat. L. 311). Acting upon this direction, the Sec-retary of the Interior, Dec. 13, 1894, re-ported as follows (27 Cong. Rec., iii8):Š " I agree fully with those who oppose the use of public money for the support of sectarian schools. But this question should be considered practically. Ł The schools have grown up. Money has been invested in their construction at a time when they were recognized as wise in-strumentalities for the accomplishment of good. I do not think it proper to al-low the intense feeling of opposition to sectarian education which is showing it-self all over the land to induce the de-partment to disregard existing condi-tions." Congress put the recommendations of 