30  LIBERTY there is a case that comes before the court which involves a man's conscience, then, gentlemen of the jury, the Sunday law will fall of its own weight before the rights of a man's conscience. Now I have a few extracts here from Cooley's " Constitutional Limitations," page 476, that I wish to read to this jury:Ñ " The Jew who is forced to respect the first day of the week when his conscience requires of him the observance of the seventh also, may plausibly urge that the law discriminates against his religion, and by forcing him to keep a second sabbath in each week, unjustly, though by indi-rection, punishes him for his unbelief." Now, that is the case here. That's the result of all this. I do not believe, gen-tlemen, that it was in the mind of the makers of the Sunday law to take up a good, law-abiding citizen of your State and to punish him because his religion permits him to work on Sunday. " The legislators have not been left at liberty to effect a union of church and state, or to establish preferences by law in favor of any religion or mode of wor-ship. There is not complete religious lib-erty where any one sect is favored by the state and given advantage by law over other sects. " Whatever establishes a distinction against one class or sect is, to the extent to which the distinction operates unfa-vorably, a persecution; and if based on religious grounds, a religious persecution. The extent of the discrimination is not material to the principle; it is enough that it creates an inequality of right or privilege." Ñ Cooley's " Constitutional Limitations," chap. 13, pars. 1-9. Now, it is the ruling of the court, of the supreme court of this State, and no doubt His Honor will so charge you, that Sunday laws do not undertake to regulate a man's religion. That was not the ob-ject of the enactment of the Sunday law. It was just simply a civil regulation; and Cooley, one of the greatest constitutional authorities in the land, argues that the enforcement of a Sunday law, if there is no religion in it, if there is no religion attached to the law, is a civil persecution ; but if there is religion attached to the in-terpretation of the law, then it becomes a religious persecution. Now how about the application of the Sunday law in this State? If its enforcement violates the defendant's conscience, that enforcement is a religious persecution. You are sworn here to do what is right between the State and the prisoner at the bar. Are you going to make him a crim- inal because he is living up to what he believes to be right? Suppose he does belong to a sect that seems to be peculiar ; suppose he is wrong in his belief ; sup-pose the sect or denomination to which he belongs is wrong, yet if you honestly believe that this man believes what he professes to believe, do you want to have him violate his conscience? If he believes the law of God permits him to work on Sunday and it is a matter of con-science with him, do you want him to violate his conscience? Suppose the man is right,Ñ and sometimes peculiar people are right,Ñ suppose the teaching of the fourth commandment in the law of heaven is binding, what is your position, gentlemen? It is Christ or Diana, it is Christ or Constantine; because history tells us that the first Sunday law was given by Constantine. Sunday gets its name from the heathen worship which set the day apart. It is known as the venerable day of the sun, and therefore it is called Sunday. Let me read you that from legal authorities which rank high in the estimation of the profession of law. " It originated in Rome in A. D. 321, when Constantine the Great passed an edict commanding all judges and in-habitants of cities to rest on the vener-able day of the sun."Ñ" Cyclopedia of Law and Procedure," Vol. XXXVII, page 54o. " All Sunday legislation is the product of pagan Rome; the Saxon laws were the product of middle-age legislation of ' the Holy Roman Empire.' The English laws are the expansion of the Saxon, and the American are the transcript of the English. The first Sunday law, the edict of the emperor Constantine, was the product of that pagan conception de-veloped by the Romans which made re-ligion a part of the state. The day was to be venerated as a religious duty owed to the god of the sun."Ñ Pennsylvania Superior Court Reports, Vol. XXV, page 134. Now, gentlemen, I read you that, not to raise any controversy in your minds as 