1017JaW 1ver/7//04//1270 j*22:7".1".4.-a. ff. '.4.-4?" 1107,:f # ,.. Ł re —-, 1 r'''' 4:41.N.L0J atzi-ri 0,10i1 vro,v, Pot 1,4hyrixur tt -4 mtv,10 ;re.49z4?.frŁ us _/7715/1ﬂ; rzw/yefftii2 !ARGIL/NA  tr. 6e0,96%4  10 LIBERTY persecute those who work on Sunday are " backward States." Minor premise: The States which persecute those who work on Sunday are States that have Sunday laws. Conclusion: Therefore all the States that have Sunday laws are " backward States." Because all the States which have Sun-day laws have not oppressed the observers of the seventh day, and so demonstrated themselves to be, ,in this respect, " back-ward States," according to the phraseology of Mr. Crafts, is because opportunities for such a course have not presented them- When a State starts on this road, where will it end? It would be absurd indeed to imagine a State having a law without a penalty. Such a thing would be a mis-nomer. Senator Blair once said, " A law without a penalty is only an opinion." The penalty for the first offense in the violation of any law might be a light one; but should there be a continued disregard of the law, it would ultimately become necessary, in preserving the dignity of the State, to in-crease the penalty until the law becomes effective in compelling obedience. In a work recently published by the National Reform Association, the States having rigid Sunday laws are represented in white; those having less stringent laws, in shading; and those having no Sunday laws, in black, as above. selves, or because such persons are exempt from the provisions of the laws referred to, or because the laws have not been enforced, and not because the logic of Sunday legis-lation does not lead to such results. It is a fact, however, that no less than fifteen out of the forty-three States having Sunday laws have actually prosecuted con-scientious observers of the seventh day. These States are Alabama, California, Georgia, Maryland, Michigan, North Caro-lina, Pennsylvania, Arkansas, Florida, Illi-nois, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Ohio, Ten-nessee, and Texas. But the question naturally arises, How far back will Sunday legislation lead a State? To what lengths will the logic of such legislation carry civil government? It is not an uncommon thing for a justice of the peace, a mayor, or a judge to say to those brought before him for violating the Sunday law, " I will let you off lightly this time; but if you are found guilty of the same offense again, you will not fare so well." It can readily be seen that if the offend-ing person continues to violate the law, the severity of the penalty must increase, until the only remedy for a determined and wil-ful disregard of the law of the State would logically be the death penalty. Speaking on this point, Gibbon says : " It is incumbent on the authors of persecution, previously to reflect whether they will pursue the matter to the last extreme. Are they prepared to take the lives of those who refuse to comply 