A Mountain Peak in Southern California LIBERTY 59 ishes the laborer for working. . . . Such pro-tection for labor, carried a little farther, would send him from the jail to the poorhouse." Frequently the proponents of Sunday closing said that the legislature and the courts were yielding to the desire of the minority, and that if given to the people to vote upon, a Sunday bill would be passed by a substantial majority. Consequently, in 1914 a Sunday bill was placed on the ballot through the medium of the initia-tive, and the people were given the privilege of expressing themselves, with the result that the Sunday-closing measure was defeated by a ma-jority of 167,211. Early in the session of the legislature which convened in January, 1919, a Sunday-closing measure was introduced. As originally pre-sented to the legislature, this bill proposed to close barber shops, bakeshops, grocery stores, offices, drug stores, except in case of emergency, and prohibited work on farms, except what was " necessary work in planting and harvesting of crops." This was supposed to be a labor bill, and received the backing of certain labor or-ganizations in the State. Ice-cream parlors, candy and cigar stores, sports, theaters and amusements, and  ligious element out of any Sunday bill, so it was manifested in this one. In order to be exempt from the workings of the Sunday-closing measure, one must observe another day of worship than Sunday. Simply refrain ing from labor on that day would not an swer. It must he observed in a worshipful manner. Again, it is hard to understand why one should be allowed to sell cigars and be ac-counted a law-abiding citizen, but be deemed a criminal if he sold a loaf of bread on Sunday. Theft things only emphasize the inconsistencies of Sunday legislation. Such laws are founded in religious coercion, and are inconsistent with the American principles of civil and religious liberty. A hearing was given upon the bill, which had been referred to the committee on public morals. The proponents and opponents of the bill both appeared, and spoke for and agabist it. In the course of the hearing, as the incon-sistencies of the measure were manifest, the sponsors of the bill endeavored to so amend it as to remove the objectionable features. This was impossible, and petitions against it con- some other such places were to be left open, being designated as "works of necessity." Under its provisions a man could buy cigars and ice cream on Sun-day, and stores for selling these things were allowed to run in full blast. But if a merchant sold a loaf of bread, he would be counted as a criminal and subject to a fine of not less than ten dollars, nor more than two hundred dollars, for the first offense, and upon each sub-sequent offense and conviction, both the fine and imprisonment should be imposed. Exception was made, however, for any person " who observes some other day of worship, and who actually keeps his place of busi-ness closed and does not work for gain or wages upon said day of worship." It was claimed by the pro-ponents of the bill that it was not a religious measure. Em-phasis was given to this thought in that but few of the churches of the State used their influence openly to secure the passage of the bill. However, in a quiet way, ministers throughout the State, and members of their congregations, threw their in-fluence in favor of the measure. It is impossible to keep the re- 