LIBERTY 63 This report is simply a repetition of the history of the past, as to the final results of a union of church and state. Every country that has had a union of church and state has sighed for the time to come when the partnership would be dissolved. The separation, as a rule, is a trying ordeal, even though it is for the good of all. The state which has sup-ported the clergy, and bought its realty, furnishings, and paraphernalia out of the funds of the public treasury, naturally feels reluctant to relinquish its just claims upon the same. If the church feels the iron heel of the state under such circum-stances, she ought to remember that she is reaping what she has sown, and is gath-ering only a legitimate harvest. When a church uses the state as a tool to oppress others, she can expect nothing more than oppression from the state, when their un-holy union is broken. No truer saying was ever uttered: " If the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch." C. S. L. To Preserve a Free Press A POSTAL Rate rider, attached to the War Revenue Bill, establishes a " zone postage rate " for second-class mail mat-ter, and goes into effect July t. Unless this bill is repealed before that date, it threatens the very existence of every religious and technical magazine in the country. The Government has always been the friend of education and of in-telligent citizenship. Hundreds of mil-lions of dollars are appropriated annually by the general and State governments to foster education in various ways. Why, then, should Congress enact a law which establishes a " zone postage rate " that actually prohibits the citizens of distant States from enjoying the same privileges as do near-by citizens, and which prac-tically nullifies the Government's efforts to unify and educate the citizenry of the nation ? Unless this postal rider is re-pealed or modified, it will strike a large and important section of the public press  of the entire country, and will erect dis-criminating barriers between the citizens of different sections of our common coun-try. What would you think if Congress were to vote the public schools out of existence to save the cost of their main-tenance? This zone postal rate law would virtually legislate national period-icals out of existence, or force distant subscribers to pay exorbitant and almost prohibitive prices for their magazines, for the mere sake of gaining a larger profit in transportation of the mails. The immediate duty of every reader of this magazine is to write to the Sena-tors and Representatives from his State at Washington, urging them to support that section of the Smoot bill (S. 2985) which repeals this obnoxious law. C. S. L. " Wito does not see," wrote James Madison, in 1785, " that the same author-ity which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other religions, may es-tablish, with the same ease, any particular sect of Christians, in exclusion of all other sects? "Š Writings of James Mad-ison, Vol. I, p. 163. This question might be as pertinently asked today concerning proposed Sunday legislation. If Sunday is legally estab-lished by act of Congress, who does not see that any other real or pretended Christian institution may by the same power or in the same manner be also legally established with the same ease ? Whatever may appear upon the surface, whatever may be the phrasing of the va-rious Sunday bills by which it is hoped to make the observance of that day ob-ligatory and general in the District of Columbia, it cannot be denied that the real reason is the religious character of the day. Were Sunday not a religious institution, there would be no demand for a law making its observance obligatory upon any one. No one is compelled to observe our civil holidays; only holy days are made obligatory. n. 