WILHELMINA, PRESENT QUEEN OF THE NETHERLANDS Religious Liberty in the Dutch Republic C. M. SNOW THERE is no part of the world, per-haps, in which the agents of religious oppression found more sturdy and un- compromising resistance than in the little provinces that make up the Netherlands. The genius of liberty inspired as noble a resistance to oppression there as might be expected among more popu-lous and more enlightened na-tions. The Netherlanders were a Germanic people. Though pa-gans as viewed from the stand-point of the gospel, and a fierce people in battle, they rigidly re-frained from the superstition,  and licentious practises of their  neighbors, the Gauls. While the priests of pagan Gaul decided all controversies, both civil and re-ligious, and punished with a ter-rible excommunication all who differed from or disobeyed them, with the Germanic people it was very different. Among them sovereignty resided in the people. Their chieftains were generals chosen by universal suffrage, and their armies were composed of volunteers. The village mag-istrates were chosen by the great assembly. The Gauls were a priest-rid-den race. The druids (priests) were " a dominant caste, pre-siding even over civil affairs." " In religious matters their au-thority was despotic."Š Motley, " Rise of the Dutch Republic," page 5. That despotism in religion and that union of religious and civil things had in those dark days among that pagan people the, same results that are seen in later days among more en-lightened people,Š a people even pro-fessing the religion of Christ. Says Motley : " The imagination shudders to penetrate those shaggy forests, ringing with the death-shrieks of ten thousand  human victims, and with the hideous hymns chanted by smoke- and blood-stained priests to the savage gods whom they served."ŠId. So does the imag-ination shudder at the contemplation of the cruel work of another regime whose victims outnumbered those by the mil- lions, and whose heartless operations were under the direct control of a priest-hood that professed to represent that Man who was bruised for our iniquities and smitten fOr our transgressions. In both these cases religion and the state were joined, the priests were the real rulers of the people, liberty in civil and religious things was unknown, the people were the prey of the priesthood, and the 85 