LIBERTY 93 ure would exclude from the mails any " publications which are, or are repre-sented to be, a reflection on any form of religious worship practiced or held sa-cred by any citizens of the United States." About two weeks after Mr. Gallivan introduced his bill, the Congressional Record printed some statements regard-ing. Catholic priests in the Philippines that would have barred the Record from the mails if there had been a law on the statute books similar the suborned persons might have had in giving their services as perjured witnesses. Never-theless the fact that the order to put in jeop-ardy by perjured declarations the life and liberty of innocent men emanated from the lips of a minister of God, did not fill them with horror, but on the contrary, the prin-cipal motive to them was obedience. This is a plain reflection upon the priests of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. But the publishing of these' facts is not sufficient reason for the Post-master-General's shutting the Record out to Mr. Gallivan's bill. T h e Congressional Record is the daily journal of our national Congress, and is pub-lished by the govern-ment. The quotations herewith given are found in the extension of remarks of Hon. Bird S. McGuire of Oklahoma, in the issue of that journal of January 27, and read as follows : Š Although an exponent of a Christian re-ligion, it is a regrettable fact that the exam-ple and influence of these priests is not very elevating. Nearly all of them drink more or less, and some to a very aggravated excess. Many of them, though not married, have chil-dren and several mistresses, and they are not generally friendly to the American adminis-tration and to the extension of learning and intelligence generally, because of the fact that the more intelligent the people become the more difficult it is for them to enjoy the numerous privileges and prerogatives which they now enjoy. It is not a very uncommon thing for a priest to be sent to Bilibid prison for complicity in some crime or an attempted revolution or insurrection.Š Page 2627. Referring directly to one priest sent to prison, the statement continues : Š The court scathingly rebuked the priest, who, according to the decision, conspired to convict two innocent men of murder to sat-isfy a personal grudge.. . In its finding the court further says that it appears extraordinary and incomprehensible that the sacred office of priest was an impor-tant factor in overcoming any scruples which VIEW OF CONSTANTINOPLE of the mails. Yet Mr. Gallivan's bill would do that. If the Catholic Church feels aggrieved at statements of this character, why should it not appeal to the courts for re-dress? Satisfaction would no doubt be granted the church if the court decided that its cause was just. But if the accusations set forth in the Record are true, it would appear much more appropriate for the church to cor-rect the immoralities of the priests rather than to cover up their deeds by protect-ing them from exposure and criticism from the public press. These principles apply equally well to any other church or any other periodical. The liberty of the press which this nation has enjoyed all the years of its wonderful advancement and prosperity we believe to be necessary for its future safety and progress. May every design upon this liberty be nipped in the bud. Washington, D. C. 