48 LIBERTY National Prohibition and How It Came About YEARS ago we espoused the cause of national prohibition as being the most effective remedy against the liquor traffic in all its forms and all its evils, not the least of which is contempt for law. The liquor traffic was not amenable to the equitable re-straints of law; it destroyed the peace of the home; it broke down the bulwarks of the fam-ily; it debauched American citizenship and ruthlessly assailed the inheritance of every man, woman, and child,Š the right to life, liberty, and happiness. It blighted and marred the prospects of millions of youths so that they could not compete with their more fortu-nate fellows in the stern battle of life. Every young man and woman is entitled to a right start in life. The curse of drink has put a handicap upon helpless victims, who have called upon us to do something that would save others from a similar fate. We are glad that we had a part in the great victory for national prohibition. We feel that we have helped to rout a great enemy to human liberty, to human happiness, and to human life. The liquor traffic did not have the welfare of the human race at heart. It greatly increased the economic burdens, the tendencies to crime, insanity, and pauperism. It created no eco-nomic values that could possibly accrue to the individual or to the nation. The people as a mass became convinced that John Barleycorn was the most corrupt " boss " in our national, State, and city affairs, and that clean, honest politics and John Barleycorn would have to settle their differences at the polls. The people's referendum drove him out of politics in the majority of States, cities, and counties. John Barleycorn had the money but not the people, and the people won. We shall stand by the verdict of the people. When the Eighteenth Amendment was first launched for ratification, the great majority of the people had already outlawed the liquor traffic locally. The liquor forces expected it would be a long-drawn-out battle. They were planning to defeat it by buying off the senate or house in enough of the forty-eight State legislatures on the eve of the time limit set for ratification. But they were taken by sur-prise. They were caught napping. Before they were able to rally their forces for the first attack, they suddenly awoke from their drunken stupor and found themselves prisoners within the gates of their victorious captors. Their defeat was complete and overwhelming. In less than thirteen months after the national prohibition amendment was submitted by Con-gress to the State legislatures for ratification, the thirty-sixth State legislature had ratified it. The race for ratification became so keen among  the States that in some legislatures the senate and house both ratified the Amendment upon the first day of the opening session. As the race proceeded and they approached the goal, as many as seven legislatures ratified the amendment on the same day. The table on the following inside cover page shows the dates of ratification in each of the forty-seven States which had ratified previous to the time of making up this number of LIBERTY. As a Washington Editor Sees It IS the war over, or isn't it? For certain purposes, it would appear it is; as, for instance, when the Interstate Commerce Commission wants to resume control of rates. Then we hear Wilson's words to the Senate: " With the signing of the armistice, the war thus comes to an end." But, on the same day the Interstate Com-merce Commission so acts, a Federal judge in New York, Edwin L. Garvin, sentences a Brook-lyn dentist to fifteen years in Federal prison for making a Socialist speech. Is it not time for the country to resume some of its sanity? The published report of this dentist's conviction says he spoke at a Mooney meeting and " predicted success for the Social-ist movement in the United States." The re-port tells, also, of " evidence furnished by the Military Intelligence Bureau." The prosecu-tion was conducted by one of Attorney-General Gregory's subordinates. In the name of liberty, what are we doing with a Military Intelligence Bureau? Now? And when did our peace laws prescribe a pen-alty of fifteen years for making a speech? Even a Socialist speech? President Wilson has said the war is over. As a matter of fact, it is. But, also as a mat-ter of fact, certain interests, persons, and offi-cials are still running on war momentum. They are taking advantage of a period of hys-teria and intolerance to persecute Š not prose-cute Š people and ideas they don't like. Either the war is over, or it isn't. If it is, it is time to call off some of these long-haired district attorneys. It is time to put a wet towel on the fevered brows of some of our Federal judges. And it is high time to call these bureau-of-military-intelligence people into the back office and give them the choice of becoming crossing policemen or going to work. Š Editorial in Washington Herald, Feb. 6, 1919. tV THE Great War has demonstrated that the human heart is just as selfish and wicked as it ever was, despite our boasted enlightenment and modern civilization, 