54 LIBERTY There shall the true Icrael know the ful-ness of " the glorious liberty of the chil-dren of God." " 0 that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion! " cries the royal psalm-ist and prophet. " When God bringeth back the captivity of his people, Jacob  shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad." After the turning of this captivity from the bondage of the power of sin and Sa-tan, the true jubilee will come to the people of God. Then God will say : " Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Will Maryland Separate Church and State? WILL Maryland follow the exam-ple of Massachusetts and thirty-three other States, by passing legislation prohibiting the appropriation of public funds to institutions under the control of religious organizations and not under the control of the State? A measure is now pending before the Maryland Legislature which is known as Bill No. i8, entitled, " An Act to prohibit and prevent the appropriation for or pay-ment of public funds to or in aid of any school, college, infirmary, hospital, insti-tution, or educational, charitable, or re-ligious undertaking not publicly owned and under the control, order, or super-vision of public officers or agents of the State of Maryland or the United States Government." The following quotation is taken from the January (1918) number of the Cur-rent Opinion magazine: " SEPARATING CHURCH AND STATE IN MASSA-CHUSETTS " On November 6, Massachusetts adopted by a majority of more than 75,000 the so-called ' anti-aid ' amendment to the State constitution. Thus was settled what the Christian Register (Boston) calls an issue of grave importance to the religious and civil welfare of the Com-monwealth.' In normal times a vote of this kind by a State with the prestige of Massa-chusetts and having to do with an issue of such vital interest to the American democracy, would be a subject of national comment and imitation. In abnormal times like the present it is in danger of being overlooked. " The victory of the anti-aid' amendment, which was won in the face of the bitter oppo-sition of Cardinal O'Connell, several of the Roman Catholic bishops, and the federated so-cieties of Roman Catholic laymen, prohibits the giving of public money or property to edu-cational or charitable or religious institutions  which are not controlled by public officers or in which sectarian doctrines are taught. Mas-sachusetts, as the New York Times points out, has been strangely slow in reaching a position which New York, for instance, took long ago and has embodied in her constitution. The Times continues: " Religious liberty was a long time coming in the Puritan Commonwealth. Not till 1833 did the Congregational Church cease .to be the State church. An amendment then abolished taxation for the support of the Congregational Church, a practice that had prevailed for more than zoo years and which the Constitutional Convention of 1820 was not liberal enough to end. "' Taxation for the benefit of colleges and so on continued. The Constitutional Conven-tion of 1853 did not settle the matter once for all. Millions of dollars have been raised by taxation and handed over to institutions over which the public that paid had no control. It was a regrettable and belated condition of affairs. The present Constitutional Convention had the courage to change it. The question had become acute in 1913, when the State su-preme court divided on the point whether the State constitution did or did not sanction aid to higher educational institutions in part or wholly under sectarian control. "' Standing upon the impregnable ground that public money should be spent on public purposes, the convention adopted the " anti-aid" amendment, framed, we believe, by a Catholic, by a vote of 275 to 25. The amend-ment guarantees the free exercise of religion; continues the provision in the present const;tu-tion that money appropriated for the common schools shall be spent only on schools under town or city authority; prohibits public aid to any institution of learning where any denomi-national doctrine is taught, or to any educa-tional, charitable, or religious institution not owned and controlled by the public; prohibits public aid to any church, religious denomina-tion or society; authorizes the State to contract with private institutions for the support of the sick, deaf and dumb, blind, injured, persons unable to support or take care of themselves 