LIBERTY 5 Edicts and the Inquisition were the gift of Charles to the Netherlands, in return for their wasted treasure and their constant obedience. For this his name deserves to be handed down to eternal infamy, not only throughout the Netherlands, but in every land where a single heart beats for political or religious freedom. To eradicate these institutions after they had been watered and watched by the care of his successor, was the work of an eighty years' war, in the course of which millions of lives were sac-rificed.Š"Rise of the Dutch Republic," page 6o. In a single paragraph Motley pictures the awful work of the Inquisition in this fair land under the Duke of Alva : Š Thus the whole country became a char-nel-house; the death-bell tolled hourly in every village ; not a family but was called to mourn for its dearest relatives, while the survivors stalked listlessly about, the ghosts of their former selves, among the wrecks of their former homes. The spirit of the nation, within a few months after the ar-rival of Alva, seemed hopelessly broken. The blood of its best and bravest had already stained the scaffold; the men to whom it had been accustomed to look for guidance and protection, were dead, in prison, or in exile. Submission had ceased to be of any avail, flight was impossible, and the spirit of vengeance had alighted at every fireside. The mourners went daily about the streets, for there was hardly a house that had not been made desolate. The scaffolds, the gallows, the funeral piles, which had been sufficient in ordinary times, furnished now an entirely inadequate machinery for the incessant exe-cutions. Columns and stakes in every street, the doorposts of private houses, the fences in the fields, were laden with hu-man carcasses, strangled, burned, beheaded. The orchards in the country bore on many a tree the hideous fruit of human bodies.Š" Rise of the Dutch Republic," page 358. The evil principle of a union of church and state is responsible for the establish-ment and work of the Inquisition in the past. We desire to avert the consequences, and therefore deny the principle. For this reason we protest against our government's taking the first step in the matter of relig-ious legislation, well knowing that the last step is in the first. Let our national legis-lature once perform an act which will de-cide a religious controversy, and the prece-dent will be established which, if followed,  will lead to the scenes of the Inquisition. Congress can not pass a Sunday law, no matter how harmless it may be in appear-ance, without deciding a religious contro-versy, and opening the way for persecution for conscience' sake. The awful lessons of history setting forth the result of legis-lating upon religious questions, ought to stand as an effectual barrier against such work. But legislation has never yet controlled the action of human thought. All experi-ence shows that every age, and every West-ern nation, produces men whose nature it is to follow the guidance of their reason in the face of every danger. To exterminate these is the task of religious persecution, for they can be silenced only by death.Š"Emancipation of Massachusetts," page 31. The Real Object THAT Sunday laws are not " mere mat-ters of police regulation " frequently crops out in spite of the protestations of the advo-cates of such laws that that is all they are. The commissioners of the District of Co-lumbia have been stirred up to regulate more strictly the playhouses of Washington which keep open on that day. At the pres-ent time the only regulation governing the character of Sunday theatricals is that they must be decent. The corporation counsel was asked for an opinion as to whether the commissioners had authority to adopt reg-ulations governing the character of Sunday concerts. The counsel, Mr. Thomas, in his opinion, said:Š An infraction of public decency is the same, whether the occurrence happens on a secular day or Sunday, and if the object be the protection of Sunday alone, in my opinion the joint resolution which gives the commissioners power to regulate public decency is not broad enough to afford a full remedy. But it is not the matter of the " decency " of the shows that is under consideration; for they have the power to regulate that matter already. No arrests are made upon that charge, and no complaints are made that " public decency " is being violated. The object is " the protection of Sunday alone," as the corporation counsel intimates 