16 LIBERTY Secretary of State, because in that was another opportunity to exalt herself in the eyes of all the Western world. She did not wait for the President of the United States to proclaim the Pan-Amer-ican Thanksgiving day; but did it her-self. And she appointed, not the usual day, but one of her own selection. That day, September 18, will be from now on one of the great days of the church in this hemisphere, a day on which the dig-nitaries of all the Western nations will as-semble around the papal altar in obedi-ence to her call, to bow the knee or the head or both, while she pronounces her benediction and glories in her increasing exaltation. The Catholic Standard and Times, in its issue of December 4, sets forth its estimate of that event in these, words: Š Thanksgiving day of 19(39 will long be remembered in Washington, because of the unique way in which the celebration was honored. For the first time in Amer-ican history all the American republics were represented in one building, with the President of the United States at the head, assisting at the celebration of a mass of thanksgiving in honor of the day. This spectacle was witnessed in the national capital, the edifice being St. Patrick's Church. It is intended to have a series of such reunions of the republics, and the fact that it was the Catholic Church which was chosen to be the first thus distinguished speaks trumpet-tongued for the estimation in which it is now held in the greatest of all republics. It would be a courageous president who would refuse to follow the precedent established on last Thanksgiving day. " The ceremony," says the journal last quoted, " marked an epoch also in the history of the Catholic Church in Amer-ica." It also marks an epoch in the his-tory of the United States. Nothing that has ever occurred in the history of this country has given such glory to the Church of Rome. Out of that one infraction of the prin-ciples laid down by the founders of the  nation this result has come, and Rome is able to turn every such infraction to her account. Therefore we say that every attempt to nationalize or establish by law Christian ceremonies or practises jeopardizes the best interests of true re-ligion, militates against the establishment of the kingdom of Christ in the hearts of the people, and will in some way exalt that spiritual power that aims to subju-gate the kingdoms of this world and build its foundations thereon. c. M. s. Shall We Have a National Sabbath Law? AT a meeting of the National Reform Association, held on Oct. 19, 1909, in Park Street Church, Boston, the above question was one of the chief topics of consideration. One of the principal speakers upon that topic was Rev. 0. P. Gifford (Baptist), of Brookline, Mass., who made this point against the necessity for such a law : Š If these gentlemen present think we ought to have a national sabbath law, I would advise that you all get out and evangelize the masses, and bring them where they will want to keep the sabbath, and then they will keep it, law or no law. I doubt if even then legislation would be advisable. We would not dare legislate on New Testament truths Š we could not if we would. The Bible lays down no law concerning Lord's day observance. The only Sabbath law we have was given to the Jews. There is much in little here. When a man's conscience is educated to the point where he sees his obligation to keep the Sabbath, there is no more need for a human law to make him keep it than there is for a human law to make the grass grow, the birds sing, the rivers run, or the sun rise and set. More than that, he will keep it even if the law is against his doing so and is enforced by the heaviest penalties. That fact is patent to all. It has been demonstrated again 