38  LIBERTY ion, and that is the question of what is right. Public opinion justified the crucifixion of Christ, the martyrdom of the martyrs, the enslavement of the slaves; but justice and right principles, never! To avoid the evil consequences of re-ligious legislation, we urge you, there-fore, to stand true to right principles, true to the Constitution, true to God and man, and not recommend for passage any of the Sunday bills now before Con-gress. The Nation's Influence K. C. RUSSELL THE influence which has been, and is being, exerted upon other nations by the United States is unparalleled. Its loca-tion, miraculous growth, and character have all contributed to the magnificent position to which it has attained among the nations of earth. One writer in de-scribing its location says : Ñ " If all the minds of all the statesmen who ever lived were combined into one vast intellect of world-wisdom, and if this great composite brain should take an eternity to plan, it could not devise a land better located for power and world-wide influence than the United States. On the east is Europe with an ocean be-tween. This ocean is a highway for commerce and a fluid fortress for de-fense Ñ an open gateway for trade and a bulwark of peace. On the west is the Orient with its multitude of millions. Between Asia and ourselves is, again, an ocean. And again this ocean is an in-vitation to effort and a condition of safety. The republic is thus enthroned between the two great oceans of the world. Its seat of power commands both Europe and Cathay. " Consider, too, the sweep of the ocean's currents in relation to this coun-try. Observe the direction and effect of the Gulf Stream and of the great cur-rent of the Pacific seas upon our coasts. Trace on your map the direction of our  KEY TO THE GROUP OF GOVERNORS FIRST ROW SEATED. LEFT TO RIGHT Governor Harris of Ohio Governor Hughes of New York Governor Davidson of Wisconsin Andrew Carnegie William Jennings Bryan James J. Hill John Mitchell President Roosevelt Vice -President Fairbanks Mr. Justice Harlan Mr. Justice Brewer Mr. Justice White Mr. Justice McKenna Mr. Justice Holmes Mr. Justice Day Mr. Justice Moody Secretary Cortelyou Secretary Bonaparte SECOND ROW STANDING. LEFT TO RIGHT Governor Post of Porto Rico Governor Proctor of Vermont Governor Fort of New Jersey Governor Blanchard of Louisiana Governor Burke of North Dakota Governor Folk of Missouri Governor Norris of Montana Governor Hoch of Kansas Governor Woodruff of Connecticut Governor Higgins of Rhode Island Governor Glenn of North Carolina Governor Denneen of Illinois Governor Warner of Michigan Governor Hanly of Indiana Governor Cotner of Indiana Governor Brooks of Wyoming Governor Buchtel of Colorado Governor Gooding of Idaho Governor Noel of Mississippi Governor Hoggatt of Alaska THIRD ROW STANDING, LEFT TO RIGHT General Mackenzia, Chief of Engineers Congressman Burton of Ohio Senator Bankhead Dr. Magee, Department of Agriculture Governor Kibbey of Arizona Governor Ansel of South Carolina Governor Cutler of Utah Governor Lea of Delaware Governor Dawson of West Virginia Governor Floyd of New Hampshire Governor Willson of Kentucky Governor Swanson of Virginia Governor Crawford of South Dakota Governor Stewart of Pennsylvania Ex-Governor Hill of Maine Governor Frear of Hawaii FOURTH ROW STANDING, LEFT TO RIGHT Mr. Shipp, Secretary of the Conference Gifford Pinchot, Chief of Bureau of Forestry Herbert Knox Smith F. H. Newell, Chief of U. S. Reclamation Service Henry T. Clarke Thomas Pence Governor Currey of New Mexico Governor Johnson of Minnesota 