LIBERTY.  23 ¥ A Great Event THE people of all the nations engaged in the Great War, ruled over by autocratic and des-potic authority, have forced their rulers to ab-dictate and the new regime to declare in favor of democracy and religious liberty. This is one of the greatest events since the signing of the Declaration of Independence on July 4, 1776, and has caused the inhabitants of the earth to rejoice at the prospects of universal liberty and justice. sit tt tti Seeking to Recover Fines MANY of the merchants of Los Angeles, Cal., have sued the city, demanding that the council refund the fines paid in police court for viola-tion of the recently repealed Sunday-closing ordinance, which was wrongly enacted by the council and repudiated by the people. If such a remedy could be enforced, it might save our country from much unnecessary and harmful legislation. IV Of OE National Prohibition a Fact PRESIDENT WILSON signed the bill on Novem-ber 21, 1918, which will make our nation " dry " July 1, 1919. This is practically as great a victory as was the defeat of the Central Powers. The liquor autocrats have debauched and ruined more homes, and sent more people to untimely graves during the period of the war, than the total number that were wrecked, ruined, and killed in that great conflict. fffi tV Sunday Laws Unpopular THE people of Los Angeles, Cal., on Nov. 5, 1918, were given an opportunity under the ref-erendum law of the State, of voting on the proposition whether their city should have Sun-day laws or not. They voted on the question of compulsory Sunday observance as follows: Against, 50,586; for, 26,390. This is the third time the citizens of Los Angeles have voted against the enactment of Sunday laws. Evi-dently the people in California believe in keep-ing religious and civil obligation separate. Of ME OF A Public Rebuke CHAIRMAN W. F. WOODWARD and Secretary John K. Kollock, of the State Council of De-fense of Oregon, received a public rebuke from the people of Oregon for taking advantage of their office by endeavoring to force their pe-culiar religious views of Sunday observance upon the public contrary to the decision of the people. These men issued a general order that all business places were to be closed on Sun-days. All over the State of Oregon the people held mass meetings and drafted protests and  signed petitions of remonstrance, many going even so far as expressing their intention of combating the Sunday-closing order of the State Council of Defense. A little more than a year ago the people of Oregon, by means of the initiative, repealed all their Sunday laws by a large majority vote. This general order of the State Council of Defense finally collapsed completely, because the civil authorities refused to enforce it, and the merchants everywhere ignored the order, claiming it had nothing to do with war-time necessities, but was purely a local ruling, out of harmony with public senti-ment, and contrary to State law. iV ME mg Compulsory Church Attendance Tax Santa Ana (California) City Council recently received a petition from the churches of Santa Ana, asking for the closing of pool-rooms and moving-picture houses on Sundays. The petition stated the reason for such action as follows: " That the moving-picture houses are the strongest competitors that the churches have for Sunday evening crowds." What a commentary upon the relative drawing qualities of the poolroom, the movie, and the church; and what a wonderful remedy these gospel min-isters have suggested to overcome this difficulty and drive their recalcitrant members into the church pews! The city council evidently con-cluded that America had outlived the time when they used to fine people ten shillings apiece for nonattendance at church services on Sundays, as they unhesitatingly rejected the petition, and advised the clergymen to present their appeal to the people under the initiative. But if there is one thing which the clergymen of California fear, it is a vote of the people upon such a question. !V Some Things are Fixed Two and two make four, not five. That is a settled fact in mathematics. Two parts of hydrogen and one of oxygen when united pro-duce water. That is a fixed and permanent law of relationship discovered by science. The union of these two gases in this fixed propor-tion will always produce water. The law of relationship between a tyrant and those oppressed by him produces conflict. There never can be peace between the oppressor and the oppressed, until the oppressed are set free and oppression ceases. That is a settled fact in political history. If these fixed relationships and fundamental principles were practically recognized at all times in the political realm, what a happy and peaceful world this would be! The basis of lasting peace must be the stability of unchange-able relationships and invariable results, 