6 LIBERTY litico-religious counterfeit, a " national religion," and the doctrine of the salva-tion of nations ! Such a movement builds a Babel of its own whereon to mount to the skies over the outraged consciences of the people, as they are being lifted out of personal sin into per-sonal righteousness through the power of a personal Saviour. What a travesty on true religion and gospel purpose it is, that when souls in heathenism have found the Saviour, have taken the Word of God as the man of their counsel, and have begun to drink in of its spirit and shape their lives in harmony with its precepts, the iron hand of a " national religion " should be clamped down upon them, crushing the finer instincts of the soul, outraging conscience, and turning into dead forms and perfunctory ceremonies what was designed of heaven as a living, moving, vital, and vitalizing Christian experience ! It is the sin of the ages. If there be a greater, it has not yet been let loose upon the world. Profaning Holy Things THE demand for a " national relig-ion " was strongly emphasized at the Philadelphia World's Conference on Christian Citizenship. In the very nature of things, those who make such a de-mand are bound to have their eyes blinded to the distinction which God him-self has put between the sacred and the secular. Thus the president of the con-ference : Š The election of good officers of the government and pure administration is as sacred a duty as that of the ministry. The pulpit is no more sacred than the desk of the mayor or magistrate. This commingling of sacred and secu-lar things was one of the most striking characteristics of the conference. The above declaration of its chairman brings strikingly to mind the Lord's accusation against his disloyal priests anciently : Š " Her priests have done violence to my law, and have profaned my holy things : they have made no distinction between the holy and the common, neither have they caused men to discern between the unclean and the clean, and have hid their eyes from my Sabbaths, and I am pro-faned among them." Eze. 22: 26. This accusation of our Lord was in all particulars applicable to this confer-ence. Violence was done to his law by using it to bolster up a counterfeit sab-batic institution. The Sabbath that was established and hallowed by Jehovah himself was profaned by making it as one of the common days. By declaring that the pulpit was no more sacred than the desk of the mayor or magistrate, the chairman of the conference " made no distinction between the holy and the com-mon." By putting politics on a par with religion, the conference failed to cause men to " discern between the unclean and the clean." And it was pre-eminently apparent that the members of the con-ference had " hid their eyes from " the only Sabbath the Bible recognizes, or God ever established as a period of rest and worship. If ever this world was warned against a movement by Holy Writ, it has been warned, in the above scripture, against this one, and will be without.  excuse for participating in it. The President at "Mass " THE New York Witness of Nov. 30, Iwo, under the above heading, speaks thus of the attendance of President Taft and other government officials at what is termed Thanksgiving mass at St. Pat- rick's Church in Washington, D. C., on Thanksgiving day : Š This official attendance at mass is much to be regretted. It is likely to be greatly misunderstood by the people and the gov-ernments of Catholic countries in both hemispheres, which are struggling to rid themselves of papal domination. Nom-inally, at least, several of these Latin- 