30 LIBERTY asking that the blue-laws be enforced against both golf and ball." It is said that H. 0. Havemeyer and other millionaires of the wealthy summer colony at Green-wich joined with the ministers for the sup-pression of Sunday ball playing, but it is thought they will not join in this later move for Sunday enforcement, as golf playing is a popular form of Sunday recreation with them. In retaliation for the suppression of their form of Sunday recreation, " the dis-appointed ' fans ' now vow that they will ' boycott the churches.' " BY a vote of four to two the council of Tullahoma, Tenn., on April 9 voted for enforced Sunday closing at that place. The question " has been a live issue there for several months, and was made the para-mount issue in the late election for city offi-cials," and the action of the council is re-garded as marking " a complete victory for Sunday closing," and as an assurance that " for the next two years at least Tulla-homa people will enjoy the strict observance of the Sabbath." The meeting of the coun-cil at which the above action was taken was " crowded with people interested in the Sunday closing question," and " there were present the pastors of the churches, who were accorded a hearing, and pleaded the cause of a holy Sabbath and morality." " AFTER stating that he believed that the ministers of Council Bluffs were disregard-ing the commandment to keep the Sabbath holy by conducting Sunday funerals," Mayor MacRae, of Council Bluffs, Iowa, at a meeting of the city council on May 18 " asked that some action be taken to compel the ministers to do their work in the six days allotted to them." " He said he made the request on behalf of the carriage drivers' union, and that a large number of hack drivers had requested him to use his influ-.  ence to do away with the Sunday funerals.' " It was his opinion that the ministers of the city ought to do their part toward ma-king the day one of rest, and he insisted that they must refrain from conducting fu-nerals on the Sabbath day." ON the charge of violating the Sunday law against barbering, Christopher Treola, a barber shop proprietor of Patchogue, Long Island, was arrested at that place on Sun-day, May 27, and fined three dollars and costs. The arrest was made on complaint of two journeymen barbers who found a barber at work in Treola's shop on that date, and was the beginning of a movement for the suppression of Sunday barbering at Patchogue. " In past years the barber shops have been opened on Sundays during  the summer months, but recently the mer-chants' association took up the matter of having them remain closed Sunday the year round," and " now the journeymen barbers have taken up the cudgel." And now since he is compelled to close, "Treola says he will see that no other shops are opened on Sundays in Patchogue." THE appointment of a special recess com-mittee " to consider and revise the laws of the commonwealth relative to the observ-ance of the Lord's day " was recommended by the committee on ways and means of the upper house of the Massachusetts Legisla-ture on May 28. It was recommended that the committee consist of two members of the Senate and three of the House. RECENTLY a convention of the W. C. T. U. was held at Calvin, I. T., at which much was said about the importance of Sunday laws and their enforcement, and the necessity of Sunday closing of the sa-loons. Just preceding the convention a sermon was preached by the Baptist min-ister, in which he very lucidly showed that no business could prosper that was run on Sunday. As an example he cited the banks; they close on Sunday, and they are pros-perous. Now some one has raised the query whether this is why the W. C. T. U. are working for Sunday closing of the saloons. It would certainly seem that if a business that is run on Sunday is bound to fail, the W. C. T. U. should be anxious to have the saloons run on Sunday full blast. This Baptist clergyman and the W. C. T. U. of Calvin should compare notes. " CHARGED with having violated the Sunday law," Hayman Bernstein, a Jewish butcher, was arrested by two officers at his place of business at 163 Rockaway Ave., Brooklyn, N. Y., on Sunday, Ap 13, and the next morning was arraigned in the Gates Avenue police court. " The police-man claimed to have seen Bernstein sell meat to a woman, and that he had other meat exposed to view in the store," but Magistrate Voorhees was not impressed with the enormity of the conduct alleged, but on the contrary rebuked the policemen by saying to them : " Almost every saloon in the city sells beer and whisky on Sun-day, which is a direct violation of the law, but you pick out a man who is selling meat and bring him here." " Yes, your honor, but this was in a religious community, and its peace was being disturbed," replied one of the policemen, whereupon the magistrate declared, " Well, I will adjourn this case to give you a chance to produce here in court the peop!e whose religious liberty was dis-turbed by this man's selling meat." 