22  LIBERTY certainly is right to pray. Everybody ought to pray. The Master told us to pray al-ways. Then why does not the National Reform Bureau petition Congress for a law compelling every citizen in the District of Columbia to say the Lord's Prayer once a day, or once a week? Why enforce the " Lord's Day," and neglect the Lord's Prayer? But how much piety would there be in saying this beautiful prayer under such circumstances? Just the same amount as there would be in keeping the Lord's Day under like circumstances. ¥ The recent bill introduced into Congress (H. R. 1051o) by Representative Allen, of Maine, states that it is a bill to " protect the first day of the week as a day of rest." But a Sabbath of divine appointment needs no human protection. And no special legis-lation is needed to maintain civility on the first day of the week. The laws which guarantee police protection on other days of the week, do the same on Sunday. Mid-week prayer meetings are held, and revival-ists conduct services day and night, and the labor performed around them is not considered or complained of as a disturb-ance. Funeral services are held daily in churches, where, in brokenness of spirit, friends weep around the bier of the dead, and the pastor speaks words of consolation, and no one is disturbed by the ordinary routine of business going on. Clubs and lodges meet during the week, and conduct their forms and ceremonies, ana sy nothing about being disturbed or molested. The Jews who worship in their synagogues on Saturday, and the Seventh-day Baptists, and Seventh-day Adventists, who meet in their various places of worship on the seventh day, are not disturbed by the labor performed while they worship. Roman Catholics, Episcopalians, and others, who consider certain services appropriate to Christmas, Good Friday, Ascension Day, Lent, many Saints' Days, and the like, con-duct their worship upon these days undis-turbed. No laws are asked compelling others to be idle on these days while they worship. Why then this continual clamor for laws demanding cessation of labor on Sunday? Why is labor perfectly proper on all these other days and occasions men-tioned, but so objectionable and such a dis-turbance if performed on Sunday that those who perform it must be fined and im-priQoned? It is as clear as a sunbeam that  it is the supposedly religious character of the day that is the thing in question, and it is this that Congress is being asked to protect. And it was this same wicked union of church and state which engulfed the world in the gloom of the Dark Ages for a thousand dreary years. Let the people beware lest the clock of liberty and progress be turned back, and the smoldering embers of a religious tyranny be fanned again into a flame. Enforced idleness never tends to civility. An idle brain is the devil's workshop. To close up all places of business, stop all work, forbid proper recreation on Sunday, and thus remove the restraints which are im-posed upon society by the six days of labor, and turn out a large population of both old and young with nothing to do, exposes them to temptation and vice rather than shields them from it. It tends to unsettle established habits of virtue, and turn the day into a time of dissipation and disorder instead of order and quietness. Idleness, with its attendant evils, does far more to make people uncivil and prepare them for the penitentiary and the gallows, than honest labor. It is in the interest of moral-ity and religion, and that the day may not be turned into a curse through compulsory idleness, and the ship of state wrecked on the rocks of a union with the church by seeking to protect and foster some form of religion, that we call attention to these things, and earnestly protest against all Sunday laws, or governmental interference in religious matters. THE hold which the Catholic Church had acquired upon the French nation through the long-standing union of church and state, based upon the Concordat, is being demonstrated by unpleasant events. The state some time ago began taking an in-ventory of Catholic Church property, and now the church has taken an attitude of open resistance to the state, and in some places has placed her own armed guard.. about the church buildings, with orders to resist the government troops. Opposition by the church to the state program for carrying into effect the separation from the church led recently to the embarrassment of the government by the overthrow of the Rouvier ministry, and the church, em-boldened by this success. has become more bold and defiant than before. 