LIBERTY  5 for mutual counsel and harmonious action on the part of the divided bodies. and :1 more powerful influence " in all matters affecting the moral and social condition of the people." But briefly, as expressed in the speeches that were made, the aim of this movement is to set up the kingdom of Christ. Leaders of this movement believe it will fulfil the prophecy of the Apoca-lypse: " The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ." They believe it will fulfil the petition of the Lord's prayer: " Thy king-dom come; Thy will be done on earth, as it is in heaven." This 'belief was voiced throughout the entire conference. The practical effect of this federaticn system, as set forth by some speakers, would be to enable all the churches in a State to bring united pressure upon any town or city in that State, to cause it to legislate and enforce laws against whatever might he deemed a social evil, and thus purify the place. The whole State could be purified in the same way, and the union of States by the union of churches, and thus the nation would become a " Christian nation." The system would operate also, it was ex-plained, to prevent the establishment of new churches in a community otherwise than as the federation might provide should be done. The convention is to assemble again in 1908, and every four years thereafter. While the Catholic Church did not par-ticipate in this gathering, the door was left open to them, and desires were expressed that they should join in the movement. It seems probable that a union between Prot-estants and Catholics on this ground will be an event of the near future. Bishop Vincent, Methodist, in his closing address at the convention, declared there was room in the federation for everybody's individual beliefs. Rev. Dr. Mackay said, as regards the scope of the movement, that he was willing to federate with Brahman or Hindu or anyone, provided only that he be willing to agree to the kingship of Christ. and to work for the betterment of humanity. A Sign of the Times This great gathering is spoken of, and rightly, as tt most notable event and sign of the times. The chairman of the confer- ence spoke of it as being " one of the most notable assemblies of believers in Jesus Christ that has ever been seen:" and a Philadelphia clergyman expressed the belief that it marks " the greatest epoch in the life of Christianity within the past five hun-dred years." Viewed in the light of its relation to history and to the truths of divine revelation, it must indeed be re-garded as an event of the greatest signifi-cance for the interests of both church and state, and one whose meaning every person in the country should understand. Responsibilities of Civil Rulers IN the January number of McClure's Magazine, Lincoln Steffens, who has of late exposed a shocking amount of political cor-ruption in civic affairs, writes of the career of the present mayor of one of the Atlantic coast cities, whose motto has been that he would, if elected to office, serve his con-stituents " faithfully and honestly." The title of Mr. Steffens' article is a les-son in itself. It is, " A Servant of God and the People." This recognizes a principle too often overlooked. An officer of the state is, in fact, a servant of God, and is respon-sible to Him first, and, secondarily, to the people, for the proper discharge of his offi-cial duties. Civil government was ordained of God as a necessity in a world cursed with sin. Its purpose is to protect men in the exercise of their God-given rights and privi-leges. It is designed to be a terror to evil-doers. Here is the inspired statement for this: " Let every soul be in subjection to the higher powers: for there is no power but of God; and the powers that be are ordained of God. Therefore he that resist-eth the power, withstandeth the ordinance of God: and they that withstand shall re-ceive to themselves judgment. For rulers are not a terror to the good work, but to the evil. And wouldest thou have no fear of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise from the same: for he is a minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is a minister of God, an avenger for wrath to him that doeth evil." 