LIBERTY 13 have been clothed with the power that will enable them to accomplish their pur-pose ? Let none deceive themselves with the thought that these purposes and declara-tions are the mere vaporings of a few irresponsible individuals or of a small and insignificant organization. The tenets of that organization's faith are permea-ting all the great religious denominations of the country. It is affiliated with numer-ous other influential organizations whose purposes are of a similar nature. The Federal Council of Churches of Christ in America has given its indorsement to a platform that holds aloft the same prin-ciples of intolerance in matters of relig-ious faith and practise, and the great Roman Catholic hierarchy of America has declared its willingness to co-operate with Protestantism upon the issue of the enforcement of " moral legislation," which means the enforcement of the Sun- day sabbath. It is one of the most stri- king and significant movements of our times. The argument of Dr. Scovel, though polished and plausible, is a veritable apol-ogy for every persecution of Christians by heathen in every part of the world, and of every persecution of Christians by so-called Christians since miscalled Christianity went into an earthly throne in Rome. It is an apology for the bru-talities of the Inquisition, the fires of Smithfield, the slaughter of the Cove-nanters, and the disgraceful cruelties of colonial America, practised in the name and to the shame of religion. " The opinion of the majority must be decisive," says the president of the Na-tional Reform Association. So said the heathen of the New Hebrides when they ate the missionaries who came to them with the gospel of peace and salvation. The colonial governments said the same when they whipped and hanged and ban- ished and sold into slavery those who thought it more necessary to follow the leadings of God's Word as they under-stood it than to profess to believe what they did not believe, thus making hypo-crites and liars of themselves Š for the sake of uniformity. There was lack of uniformity between the teachings of Jesus and the teachings of the rulers of the Jews. So they slew him. What con-sistent denunciation can the National Re-former have for the accusers and mur-derers of our Lord ? Š None ; for it was done in the interests of " necessary uni-formity " in matters of religious faith and practise. Standing there, that organ-ization stands side by side with Rome, both pagan and papal, in her warfare upon the Word of God and the liberties of the people. If the National Reform principle is right, Rome is right to-day in excluding Protestant worship and Protestant evan-gelism from all the countries where she has the power to exclude it. She de-mands uniformity, and in enforcing that demand has blackened the skies with the smoke of burning Christians. The des-potism of uniformity was sufficiently demonstrated during the Dark Ages. The god of Romanism and the god of National Reformism are both of the Jug-gernaut type, and ride in placid uncon-cern over the rights and the consciences of the people. In that organization which is arranging now to spread out its influence and its operations to all parts of the world, the characteristics and the purposes of the papal power are blooming forth again. This is the " image " of that. See Rev. 13: 14-17. C. M. S. THE total severance of church and state is better for religion, and I believe the history of the United States proves it.Š George Hoadly. 