LIBERTY 25 Those who are working for religious leg-islation, desiring to make men religious by law, deny that persecution is intended or probable. The writer has heard prominent National Reformers ridicule the idea of Adventists' having suffered under the law because of having quietly gone about their own work at home on Sunday. This con-viction of three men, with the sentence of the court upon them, is an emphatic denial of all such assertions of Sunday-law advo-cates. The enumeration of the offenses by the prosecution is an enumeration of the most common home duties, whose perform-ance could annoy none but those who wished to compel religious people to cease the out-ward expression of their belief, and act as if they believed in the sacredness of the Sunday sabbath, and the necessity of ta-king part in its religious observance. That this is a fact recognized by more than Seventh-day Adventists is shown by an editorial utterance in the Spartanburg Journal. The editor of that journal admits that there are " many hundreds of people right here in Spartanburg " who " do more work every Sunday than Mr. Nash ever does, and do not defend it on religious grounds." He says further : " They are not prosecuted, and nobody wants them prosecuted." Then he asks : " Why then jump on Mr. Nash and his people for doing the same thing or less? The reason is," he says, " that Mr. Nash and the Seventh-day Adventists defend their acts on religious grounds, and the others do not." That he sees the injustice of it, as all fair-minded persons must, is shown by his remark: " It is a curious situation, one of the strange inconsistencies of life." That the editor does not favor Seventh-day Adventists or their belief, or believe in religious liberty for them, is shown by the following extract from this same edito-rial: Š " Let Mr. Nash and his friends under-stand that they must obey the laws of the land, or at least those laws that their neigh- bors happen to be interested in. . Let these good people therefore refrain from hunting trouble, and avoid offending their neighbors when the latter have the law, and therefore the courts and the juries, on their side." Now the real reason why " their neigh-bors happen to be interested in " that par-ticular law is, according to the editor's own  statement quoted above, because " Mr. Nash and the Seventh-day Adventists defend their acts on religious grounds, and the others do not." They have a religious be-lief, but are not to be allowed to exercise it because they have Bible authority for holding it. If this is not a restriction of religious rights, then there never has been any in the hiStory of this world. Those who would restrict the religious liberties of the people have always stig-matized, as " trouble-hunters " those who have sought to " worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences ; " and this feature is not wanting in this case. Ahab made the same accusation against Elijah. He asked of the prophet, "Art thou he that troubleth Israel ? " The offi-cials of the Inquisition held theŁ  same opin-ion of the millions whom they sent to their death ; and we have it to-day from the lips of those who, failing to appreciate the bless-ings of religious liberty, are willing to sell their own heritage of religious liberty by compelling their neighbors to yield to them in religious practise. It is true that they do not always see the logic of their own demand ; but it stands out as a fact, never-theless, that when they secure laws abridg-ing the rights of conscience, they are abridging their own rights of conscience, and admitting the right of majority rule in matters of faith. The Journal's editorial closes with these words : Š " The law having been declared and demonstrated to them in this kindly manner [he here alludes to the smallness of the fine imposed], the obligation rests upon them to carefully observe it in future. It is also a matter of gratification to the public that these defendants were treated in a kind and considerate manner by the court and its officials, and given no grounds to feel that they have been persecuted." That the editor, after admitting all he does in regard to the injustice of the matter, could close his editorial as he does is to us " one of the strange inconsistencies of life." We wonder if the fact of persecution de-pends upon the size of the penalty imposed, or the temper and consideration of the court and its officials in enforcing the law. We wonder if those convicted Seventh-day ob- servers feel that they have equality in the sight of the law with their neighbors whose religious belief differs from theirs. While 