58 LIBERTY duced the following bill (H. R. 20780) : Š A BILL To Amend the Postal Laws Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of Amer-ica in Congress assembled, That whenever it shall be established to the satisfaction of the Postmaster-General that any person is en-gaged in the business of publishing any scan-dalous, scurrilous, indecent, or immoral books, pamphlets, pictures, prints, engravings, litho- mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Both the advocates and the opponents of the proposed measures requested a hearing before this committee, and the hearing was granted on February r. On the morning of the hearing Mr. Gallivan brought before the committee the fol-lowing bill (H. R. 21183) , which he pro-posed as a substitute for No. 20780, above quoted ; but during the hearing reintroduced No. 20780 and stated he HON. JOHN J. FITZGERALD OF NEW YORK, WHO INTRODUCED ONE OF THE POSTAL BILLS graphs, or other publications which are, or are represented to be, a reflection on any form of religious worship practiced or held sacred by any citizens of the United States, it is hereby declared that the Postmaster-General shall make the necessary rules and regulations to exclude such matter from the mails. As soon as it was learned that such bills had been introduced into Congress, the advocates of religious freedom, of freedom of speech, and of freedom of the press began to petition Congress to pre-vent the enactment of such legislation. The bills had been referred to the Corn- HON. JAS. A. GALLIVAN OF BOSTON, MASS., WHO INTRODUCED TWO OF THE POSTAL BILLS would like either or both enacted into law :Š A BILL To Amend Section Two Hundred and Twelve of the Penal Code Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of Amer-ica in Congress assembled, That section two hundred and twelve of the Penal Code of the United States be, and the same hereby is, amended by striking out said section and in-serting in lieu thereof a new section, as fol-lows : Š " Sec. 212. That all matters otherwise mail-able by law, upon the envelope, outside cover, 