TEMPERANCE MAP OF THE UNITED STATES LIBERTY 43 therefore took no account of " persons convicted for misdemeanors, drunken- ness, or violation of the liquor laws." The investigation was conducted with great care, in many instances by the chaplains, in others by the superintend- ents of the prisons and reformatories in question. The results showed such discrepancies as must be expected where comparatively small numbers of cases are investigated by different observers, the cases in which in-temperance was a rec-ognized cause of crime varying from 26.16 per cent in one insti-tution to 72.47 per cent in another. The aver-age, however, w a s 49.95 per cent, a per-centage which the committee puts for-ward with much con-fidence as representing " an approximate ex-pression of the truth." It is very justly urged that the agreement be-tween these figures and those of the Massachusetts Bureau (as just cited) " is too striking to need further com-ment." It is of interest to note that the insti-tution whose inmates showed the lowest percentage of intemperance in the above-cited investigation of the Committee of Fifty was Sing Sing prison. At first glance this seems surprising, since this prison is recruited so largely from New York City. The explanation is found in the fact that only first-term men are sent to Sing Sing, which therefore " gets an unusual class of prisoners ; in fact, a great many are from the higher walks of life, men in business and the profes-sions, as well as trusted employees, etc." It is a matter of course that intemperance should figure as a relatively infrequent cause of crime among this class of prisoners ; yet even here, as we have just noted, one man in four owes his fall to alcohol. Moreover, it is reported that  " of 233 cases of convicts in the Sing Sing and Auburn prisons, Mr. Dugdale found that of those who had committed crimes against the person, 40.47 per cent were habitual drunkards, while of those convicted of crimes against property 38.74 per cent were habitual drunkards. Of the former about 38 per cent, and of the latter about 43 per cent, came from intemperate families. Among 176 ha-bitual criminals, 45.45 per cent came from intemperate families, and 42.46 per cent were habitual drunkards." Š Henry Smith Williams, M. D., LL. D., in Mc-Clure's Magazine, December, 1908. A New York Physician on Alcohol DR. FREDERICK PETERSON, Of New York City, professor of psychiatry at Columbia University, in an address on " The Influence of Alcohol upon the Public Health," delivered before the New York State Conference of Char-ities and Correction, in Elmira, No-vember 17, said : " I believe that human evolution has now reached the stage when the abolition of the use of alcohol as a beverage is expected and required." After a terrible arraignment of alco-hol drinking as the cause of disease, in-sanity, idiocy, and degeneracy, Dr. Peterson continued : Š 