LIBERTY  165 tive ; it is in regenerating men, who will give expression, indeed, to their new life, in their laws as in all their activities, but who, just because they are what they are in entire independence of the laws which they make, will have no vain expecta-tions of what these laws will do for others. The conclusion to be drawn is that the church will not only do its immediate Christian duty best, but best serve the state, if it leaves legislation to the institu-tion to which in the divine order it be-longs. To promote temperance lies prop-erly within its duty, but it is as completely mistaken when it petitions for Mr. As-quith's bill as when it petitions for or against Mr. Balfour's. What is wanted is that its members act in either case with the sense of responsibility of Christ, not that the church as a body identify itself with a given policy. It may be properly eager to close public houses ; but what it has mainly to remember is that they would all close automatically, within the briefest of time limits, if nobody went in. It may be properly interested in the material well-being of all men ; but it is no part of its function to support any-body's right-to-work bill. It needs more than good will to act in such things ; it needs an intelligence of conditions which it is no part of the church's business as a body to understand. The church's business remains, it may be said, when economic security has been achieved. It is not economic security which is going to secure the kingdom. It is some degree of insecurity, it is the painful necessity of being anxious about our livelihood, that generates the elementary virtues of industry and honesty on which the sta-bility of society depends. If every man and woman in the British Isles had a hundred pounds a year absolutely se-cured, the real question would be, not whether the kingdom of God had come, but whether the country was habitable for decent people. All concentration of mind on legal methods for attaining this or that end, even in the moral world, is indirectly prejudicial to Christian character, be-cause it destroys the sense of moral pro-portion. The devotees of single virtues or blessings to be compassed by act of Parliament are too often like men who have forgotten a main article of the Christian creed,Ñ" I believe in the Holy Ghost."ÑProf. James Denny, D. D.. Theological College, Glasgow, Scotland. in Bible Student and Teacher, November. 1909. t.V Religious Liberty in the Philippines ACCORDING to the Missionary Review, the hand of Rome has been at work in the Philippines to restrict Protestant mis-sionary effort, and with such success that the United States government prohibits American school-teachers in the islands from taking part in religious missionary work even outside of school-hours, while at the same time it leaves Roman Catho-lic teachers free to go on tours with their bishop for the purpose of spreading Catholicism. The Protestant teachers cannot teach a Sunday-school class in the church nor conduct a Bible class in their own homes. They are particularly enjoined not to encourage the study of the Bible. Such a condition of affairs is indicative of the success Rome is having in American politics today, and a warn-ing of what may be expected of her in coming days, not only in American colo-nies, but in every Protestant land of which she can gain control.Ñ Oriental Watchman. ME ME AT Lexington, Ky., on Sunday, Au-gust 3, a drastic Sunday-law crusade was inaugurated by the police commissioner, and seventy-two arrests were made. The crusade was followed with a gen-eral riot, and two men were killed as the result. Is this the meek and quiet way of promulgating religious institu-tions according to the gospel? 