Oregon Sunday Law Agitation BY H. W. COTTRELL THE three federal jurists, Circuit Judge Gilbert, of San Francisco ; Dis-trict Judge Cushman, of Tacoma, Wash. ; and District Judge Wolverton, of Port-land, Oregon, before whom was heard the prayer of the Brunswick-Balke-Col-lender 'Company for a permanent injunc-tion restraining district attorneys and sheriffs of twenty-five Oregon counties from enforcing the Sunday law, denied their request in a recent decision. These jurists were of the opinion that the law is not religious in character, and that it is constitutional. The case of State Senator Dan Kel-laher, the grocer, had been heard before State Circuit Judge Calvin U. Ganten-bein, who had placed the Multnomah County officials under a temporary re-straining order. Seven years ago Judge Gantenbein rendered an opinion on the Sunday-closing law, declaring it religious in character, and therefore unconstitu-tional. After the federal judges had heard this case and Judge Wolverton had handed down their opinion, Senator Dan Kel-laher's case came again before Judge Gantenbein, at which time he continued the final disposition of the two demurrers filed by District Attorney Evans against judge Gantenbein's former temporary re-straining order, until next November, thus disarming the district attorney of a chance to appeal. Had the judge de-clared a permanent injunction, an appeal could have been taken immediately to .the Oregon Supreme Court. Judge Gantenbein in his postponement said, in part : " I am somewhat in the position of a juror who is thoroughly convinced of the correctness of his opin-ion, but who finds that the remaining jurors take an opposite view, and who yields to the, weight of opinion." Be-cause the law now appears to be consti-tutional, Judge Gantenbein ruled it did not prove its fairness, and that in justice, 82 not law, he could not allow it to be en-forced now. " This law has remained dormant for seventy-two [sixty-two] years," reads his decision. "During that time the State has succeeded in struggling along fairly well, and it seems to me that neither the morals nor the health of any citizen is going to be materially affected by allow-ing it to sleep seven or eight months longer." From an editorial in the Oregonian of Nov. 8, 1915, we quote:Š "The most interesting aspect of Judge Gan-tenbein's decision that the Sunday law is in-valid is that he overrules the State supreme court, which had recently held the statute to be valid. It is nevertheless difficult to escape the force of the Gantenbein logic. The law appears, from its history and from its inherent character, to be designed primarily to prevent profanation of Sunday, inasmuch as it ex-pressly prohibits certain activities on the ' first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, or the Lord's day.' There is no pretense that the purpose is to enforce a day of rest for physio-logical,-  humanitarian, or any other purpose ; but there is a clear implication that Sunday, or the Lord's day, must be observed. It is therefore by Judge Gantenbein held to be an invasion of religious freedom, and void. . . . Meanwhile the Sunday law is a jumble, ad-mittedly discriminatory and unfair, and better ignored, or at least enjoined from enforce-ment until the people are able to decide what they want. A protracted controversy over compulsory Sunday observance is not a pleas-ant thing to contemplate." A paragraph from an editorial in the Oregonian of Oct. 23, 1915, reads : Š " The present Oregon Sunday-closing law would seem to be fairly comprehensive, though it presents some queer inequalities, such as the definite ban on groceries and the express ex-emption of butcher shops and baker shops. Yet Rev. Dr. Tufts proposes now to put forth a real blue law, which shall not be subject to the complaint that it plays favorites so far as stores which open for business, and amusements which charge an admission fee, are concerned. Dr. Tufts wants a genuine rest day for every-body. If they don't want to take it, they will have to rest anyway." 