LIBERTY 183 his sufferings was from a vivid sense of your frown and displeasure upon him ? How should you feel if you were com-pelled to strike him a most cruel blow as he hung there in his agony? What human parent with a spark of paternal affection could endure such an ordeal? Yet God was compelled to smite the Shepherd who gave his life for the sheep. " He hath made him to be sin for us," and the fierce wrath of God against sin, even that of all the world, was visited upon Christ. In the darkness that en-veloped Calvary's cross, the Father, his glory veiled, stood by the side of his Son, hearing, but restrained from heeding, the despairing call, " My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me ? " All this was involved in God's choice to leave man a free moral agent, not employing coercion to secure obedience; and God knew it all, and God chose to leave him free. Better all this sin, this evil, this suf-fering on the part of God and man, for thousands of years continued, than that God should use coercion in the domain  of man's conscience. Such is God's testimony to the importance of religious freedom. Could a stronger testimony be conceived of than this? It surely ought to have the greatest weight. With what utter abhorrence, then, must the God of heaven look upon the schemes of fallen, erring, sinful man to coerce the conscience of his fellow man,Š the efforts to secure and enforce legislation compelling men to observe religious in-stitutions and to pattern their religious conduct in whole or in part after the example of the majority! How blind and deluded the men who, in promoting such efforts, imagine they are doing God service! Human governments must employ co-ercion ; but only, as says the Declaration of Independence, in order for the preser-vation of the inalienable rights which each man has from his Creator. And of all these rights, none is more sacred than the right to be guided in all mat-ters of religion by the dictates of the conscience. Nashville, Tenn. Establishing the Kingdom by Law G. B. THOMPSON " WHEN Jesus therefore perceived that they would come and take him by force, to make him a king, he departed again into a mountain himself alone." John 6: is. The National Reform idea is that the kingdom of God may be established in the earth by means of laws on civic right-eousness, thus making Christ " king of its courts, its camps, its commerce, king of its colleges and cloisters, king of its customs and its constitutions." The National Reform Association, among other so-called needed reforms, is endeavoring "to secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its accept-ance of the Christian religion, and to indicate that this is a Christian nation,  and place all the Christian laws, institu-tions, and usages of our government on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land." This means a union of the church and the state, with the church dictating to the state, and Christ, the head of the church, made by law the head of the nation, with all his laws and church customs made obliga-tory in the Constitution. When the peo-ple of his day sought to do this same thing in principle, Jesus " departed again into a mountain," thus early in his min-istry placing the stamp of his disapproval upon this so-called honor. The following words of Thomas Hew-lings Stockton contain an infinity of truth, ablaze with glory, and deserve to be had in eternal remembrance by those who, through misguided zeal, are seek- 