LIBERTY 43 causes of the physical deterioration in that nation, drew up and published the following : Š " It is an absolute scientific fact that alcoholic drinks, more than any other factor, injure our national life, diminish the physical and intellectual forces of our race, impregnating them with hereditary diseases, and lead to degeneracy." Prof. Edward Von Hartman says : Š" Although of all nations the German has the greatest capacity for culture, the general culture of its higher classes is undergoing frightful retrogression be-cause of the beer con-sumption of its stu-dents." Dr. A. Forel, of the University of Zurich, says: Š " To be convinced of its moral effect, one only needs to study in Ger-many the beer jokes, the beer conversation, and t h e beer literature. Among t h e academic UNIVERSITY OF youth of Germany the MC drinking of beer has truly killed their ideals and ethics, and has produced an indescribable vulgarity." This condition exists wherever beer is used as a beverage. This degeneracy is not to be wholly ascribed to the use of beer or alcohol. Its associate, tobacco, is exerting equally as harmful an influ-ence. How much to attribute to one, and how much to the other, it may be difficult to determine, since the two are usually used by the same person. One makes the other an apparent necessity. Tobacco creates a dryness of the mucous mem-brane and an unnatural thirst which water fails to quench. Reports from the inspectors of the na-tional schools of Ireland, which have re-cently been issued, show that even the consumption of tea is something that must be reckoned with. They affirm that " the use of tea is now carried to such dangerous excess that it ranks before alcohol as an enemy of the public health." NEW MEXICO, FOUNDED 1889, EDWARD Q. GRAY, PH. D., PRESIDENT for the alarming increase of drunkenness among women and youths. The milder alcoholic beverages either create or in-tensify the craving for alcohol, and make the pathway to inebriety more inviting. The craving for narcotics is not nat-ural ; it is often created and cultivated at the dinner table. The unpleasant and disagreeable symp-toms resulting from the irritation of the stomach by the use of pepper, mustard, or improperly masticated foods, may be more quickly relieved by a dose of some nerve paralyzer or narcotic than by water. Usually the narcotic against which there exists the least public preju-dice is the one resorted to. In some countries morphin is employed ; in the United States, beer and tobacco are the narcotics employed. Alcohol or tobacco do not allay irrita-tion, but by paralyzing the nerves, the true condition is for a time concealed We say tea and coffee are bad for the child. But the prospective mother must be as careful in the selection of food and drink for the child before its birth, as afterward. Many a nervous, poorly nourished, degenerate child is so because of the tea consumed by the mother be-fore its advent. The consumption of beer has been greatly increased by the advertising of the beverage as a temperance drink ; but the facts are that the advent of beer, in-stead of making the people more tem-perate, is in a great measure responsible 