30 LIBERTY Encouraged by the " dr) victories of the election, the prohibition forces in Congress, led by Senator Sheppard of Texas, are preparing to force a vote . . on a national amendment to pro-hibit the sale, manufacture, or importa-tion of alcoholic beverages in the United States, reports the Washington corre-spondent of the New York Evening Post. Such an amendment, as the Cleveland Plain Dealer reminds us, will require a two-thirds vote of the House and Senate  for submission and a three-quarters vote of the States for ratification. Many observers seem to believe that the steady march of local and State vic-tories for prohibition is rapidly robbing the National Prohibition party of its is-sue, but its leaders claim that its ticket. headed by former Governor Hanly of In-diana, and Dr. Landrith of Tennessee, polled a vote of 350,000 as compared with 208,000 in 1912.Š The Literary Digest, Nov. 25, 1916. How Religious Bigotry Operates in Pennsylvania ON Sunday, Oct. 8, 1916, a constable of Hilltown, Pa., who felt it to be his duty to magnify his office by prosecuting Sabbatarians for working on Sunday, did some sleuth work, spying out violators of the old blue laws of 1794. The two sons of Irwin Fisher, who is a strict observer of the seventh day, were cutting corn in a hollow back of the woods. The constable, unable to see them work from the public highway, but sus-pecting that work was being done by these Sabbatarians, walked back of the woods. Though without a warrant, he arrested the two boys who were cutting corn to the molestation of no one's peace. On the Saturday following the notifi-cation of the arrest, the day which is ob-served as holy time by Mr. Fisher, the constable appeared at Mr. Fisher's house to collect $4 in fines and $1.36 additional for mileage, and stated that if they re-fused to pay the fine and costs, he would lock them up in jail at once. Mr. Fisher was away doing missionary work on this day, and the constable demanded of Mr. Fisher's wife, who was at home but with-out any money, that she borrow the money, or he would charge them double the amount if he had to come back on Monday to collect the fine and costs. With fear and trembling, Mrs. Fisher went to a neighbor and succeeded in get-ting enough money to pay what the con-stable demanded. The officer knew that this day was the one the Fishers observed  sacredly and conscientiously as the Sab-bath, and yet he disturbed their peace and virtually compelled them to transact all this secular business for him on that day. They did their work out of public sight on Sunday so as not to disturb any one, but the constable purposely dis-turbed them on their day of worship. Religious intolerance knows no golden rule. It is not in the creed of the fanatic or the bigot. The case was taken before another tribunal by Mr. Fisher, and it was dis-covered upon investigation that this of-ficious officer had made the arrest with-out warrant, and had collected fines and costs without authority. He was re-quired therefore to return the money he had collected. The constable, now a crestfallen officer, waited, however, until the next Saturday Š the day which is sacredly observed by Mr. Fisher Š to re-turn the money. Mr. Fisher informed the constable that he did not do business on that day, and that the officer knew it. " 0 Consistency, thou art a jewel ! " Here was a constable prosecuting a man who had rested on Saturday, because he worked on Sunday,Š the day the con-stable professed to observe,Š but not to the disturbance of any person's rest ; and then, on the other hand, this same con-stable twice deliberately tries to disturb the rest of the man who observed another day than Sunday as holy time. This il-lustrates how Sunday laws operate when 