30 LIBERTY " He reasoned of righteousness, temper-ance, and judgment to come." Acts 24:25. What admonition did Christ give which is especially applicable to our time?' "And take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with sur-feiting and drunkenness, and cares of this life, and so that day come upon you un-awares." Luke 21 : 34. How did Christ say matters would be just before his second coming f "As the days of Noah were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be. . . . They were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage." From all this it is but reasonable to ex-pect that there would be a crying need in the closing days of this world's history for Christians and every lover of the race to put forth the most earnest efforts to stay the terrible tide of intemperance. Intem-perance means bondage and lack of self-control. LIBERTY stands for freedom and good government in the individual, the State, and the nation. Which Day Is the True Sabbath? I. H. EVANS THE full import of the question, " Which day is the true Sabbath ? " can hardly be appreciated without careful thought and study. It is no new query, nor is it a ques-tion to be ignored. Its importance can be better appreciated when it is understood that it is a question no longer discussed alone by the pulpit and the religious press, but that the various nations of earth are discussing the question of Sabbath legis-lation, while not a few either already have laws or are considering the advisability of enacting laws concerning the better observ-ance of Sunday for the Sabbath. We speak within the realm of facts when we say that during the last decade nearly every legislature or State assembly within the United States that has not already a stringent Sunday law, has entertained bills looking to the better observance of Sunday as the Christian sabbath, while the Con-gress of the United States at nearly every session is besieged with petitions for a law recognizing the first day of the week as the Sabbath, and making its observance compulsory by law. With such activity in favor of securing the recognition of Sun- day as the Christian sabbath by the civil governments of earth, is it not highly proper that we pause a moment to deter-mine which day is the true Sabbath? The voluntary observance of a Sabbath day is a religious act. It involves neither duty nor service to man, but is an act of devotion to God. It is a recognition of God's supremacy and ownership. Sabbath observance is strictly a religious ceremony. Divested of its religious nature, there can be no real Sabbath-keeping. There may be holidays galore. There may be com-pulsory civil rest days, but without relig-ious thought and service, there can be no true Sabbath-keeping. The maker of the Sabbath is God. Its origin was in Eden at the end of the crea-tive week. Reading from Gen. 2: 1-3, we find these wrods : " Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made." Here we find a record of the origin of the Sabbath. It was made in the begin-ning, before sin enterel the world. It was made by God himself out of the first sev-enth day of time. This day the Lord blessed and sanctified, and as far as God has ever revealed his will to man through his Word, and by the example of Jesus Christ, it is the only day God has ever rec-ognized as the Sabbath. Twenty-five hundred years after the ma-king of the Sabbath day at the close of creation's week, the Lord came down upon Mount Sinai and gave his people a law of commandments. This law is known as " the ten commandments," " the moral law," etc., in distinction from the numerous other laws which God gave to Moses at this time. The fourth of these command-ments reads as follows : Š " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man servant, nor thy maid servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates : for in six 