The Puritan Influences in American Law " THE law is, to a certain extent, a progressive science." (Holden v. Hardy, 169 United States Reports, 336.) To un-derstand the " inwardness " of American law one should know the history of our country and the influences which have been instrumental in shaping and modify-ing the English common law, on which, as a rule, the laws of the various States and Territories rest as a foundation. " The United States as a whole has no common law, except so far as its courts have followed the rules of English com-mon-law procedure in determining their own. Most of the positive law of the United States comes from the several States."Š Encyclopedia Britannica, elev-enth edition, art. "American Law." There are a few States, such as Louisiana and New Mexico, and territory acquired by the Spanish war of 1898, which derive most of their law from France or Spain, and thus remotely from Roman juris-prudence. In a few of the other States along the Mexican border, a part of the law comes from the same sources. English common law may be said to date from the time of the Magna Charta, that great charter of civil, and indirectly of religious, liberty, wrung from an un-willing king by the insistence of his liberty-loving people. Here we find the rights of the individual guaranteed in sundry ways against despotic action of the overlords or of the crown, but the religious rights of the individual are not mentioned in the document. The expres-sion, " The church of England shall be free," refers only to the right of election of religious leaders, claimed by the Eng-lish people. The nature of the early law of Eng-land is very vitally influenced by the fact that in that country, under a church and state regime, heresy, or dissent from the established church, becomes disloyalty to the state. The only change which took place under Henry VIII was the change from the Papacy to Episcopacy. When 24 the latter was established by law, dissent from it became a crime to be punished by the state, so that while the victims were different, the work of persecution for re-ligious belief continued. The work of reform started by the early Protestant Reformers was now taken up and carried forward in England by those who felt that something still more thorough was necessary. Many of these who became known as Puritans, though originally having no idea of sepa-rating from the established church, finally did withdraw from that church, and thus gave rise to various sects. This so divided the English people that the government, handicapped as it was with_ a religious establishment, was compelled to choose between persecution and tolera-tion, and it chose the latter. It remained, therefore, for our own country to develop in a practical way the idea of real reli-gious liberty, or in other words, the abso-lute equality before the law of all forms of religion and of no religion. None of the original American colo-nies, with the single exception of Rhode Island, was founded on the principle of a separation of church and state. Be-cause of failure to recognize the fact that this principle became dominant in Amer-ican law only at a subsequent date, many a false inference has appeared even in court decisions. As James T. Ringgold. of the Baltimore bar, says : Š " Upon no false assumption in history have more lies of fact and of inference been based than upon the false assumption that religious equalityŠas right thinkers define and defend it today, that is, the absolute equality of all religions and of no religion before the law Š was understood by any considerable number of men when this country was first colonized, and the equally false assumption that any body of English colonists had grasped such an idea, or were influenced by it, or entertained the slightest notion of establishing religious equal-ity on these shores."Š" The Legal Sunday," 'nternational Religious Liberty Association.  1894. PP. 33. 34Ł  