I LIBERTY j "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all Me inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25: 10. VOL. X FOURTH QUARTER, 1915 No. 4 The Pope, the Powers, and Peace P. T. MAGAN, M. D. FROM the beginning of his pontificate, Pope Benedict XV has persistently ten-dered his good offices to the belligerent nations as a mediator through whose services peace may be brought about. In view of this, the question at once arises, Will peace so secured make in the ultimate for blessing, for civil and reli-gious liberty, in Europe? Will the great powers be better off in the end with a peace given to them by the Papacy, or will they be in a worse plight than they are at the present time? These ques-tions can be answered only by a correct knowledge of the views of Rome regard-ing the " root cause " of the present aw-ful strife, and of the principles which she holds must be ingrafted into civil constitutions and national statutes in or-der to secure a lasting peace. The Encyclical " Ad Beatissimi " On the feast of All Saints, Nov. 1, 1914, Benedict XV, by " divine provi-dence Pope," issued his first encyclical letter. In accordance with custom, this is named from the first and second words of the Latin text Š"Ad beatissimi." From this history-confirming and maybe history-making document, it is evident that Rome has " refurbished and pa-raded anew every rusty tool she was fondly thought to have disused," and has  proved herself true to her ancient motto Š Scraper eadem. After commenting upon the sad condi- tion of human society the Supreme Pon-tiff proceeds to make some crucial dec-larations, some of the most striking of which I will cite here: Š But it is not the present sanguinary strife alone that distresses the nations and fills us with anxiety and care. There is another evil raging in the very inmost heart of human society, a source of dread to all who really think, inasmuch as it has already brought, and will bring, many misfortunes upon na-tions, and may rightly be considered to be the root cause of the present awful war. For ever since the precepts and practices of Christian wisdom ceased to be observed in the ruling of states, it followed that, as they contained the peace and stability of institu-tions, the very foundations of states neces-sarily began to be shaken. Such, moreover, has been the change in the ideas and morals of men that unless God comes soon to our help, the end of civilization would seem to be at hand. . . . Let the princes and rulers of peoples re-member this truth, and let them consider whether it is a prudent and safe idea for governments or for states to separate them-selves from the holy religion of Jesus Christ, from which their authority receives such strength and support. Let them consider again and again whether it is a measure of political wisdom to seek to divorce the teach-ing of the gospel and of the church from the ruling of a country and from the public edu-cation of the young. Sad experience proves 147 