LIBERTY 27 introduced an exemption clank  in the third section, reading thus: Š " Provided, That persons who are members of a religious soci-ety, who observe as a Sabbath any other day in the week than Sunday, shall not be liable to the penalties prescribed in this act if they observe as a Sabbath one day in each seven, as hcrein pro-vided." In that form it came to the House, and died in the commit-tee. At the extra session of the. present Congress, the same sen-ator, on March 22, 1909, intro-duced substantially the same bill. This time the exemption clause was attached to section one ; but it still read, " shall not be liable to the penalties pre-scribed in this act." Under dis-cussion in the Senate, this bill was amended. This exemption was changed to read, " That per-sons who observe as a day of rest any other day in the week than Sunday shall not be held to have violated the provisions of this section," not act. The Next Step Now, gentlemen, following the history of this bill, you will see that the first time this Sunday bill was introduced, there was no exemption clause what-ever ; then it was amended, and the ex-emption clause was attached to the third section, applying to the whole act; it was further amended, and the exemp-tion applied to the first section only. The next step, gentlemen, and only one step, is Š out of the bill entirely. It has passed from the third to the first section ; the next step is to get it out entirely. I am not saying that a Sunday bill with a broad exemption clause is a proper bill. I am simply saying this : The history of this bill shows that those who handle it assume the right to de-termine who shall rest and who shall YI-SYCK, EMPEROR OF KOREA not rest, and how they shall rest, and to prescribe Sunday, first, as a sabbath, then changing it to a day of rest, but limiting the exemption only to a portion. It shows this: The right in this bill is assumed to control men as to how they shall spend a certain day, and to com-pel them to spend it according to a cer-tain plan. Only Upon Religious Grounds I maintain, gentlemen, that it is im-possible to give preference to one day in the week over any other in the matter of legislation except upon religious grounds. I maintain that it is impossible to prefer a day, one day in seven, except on religious grounds, and I wish to call your attention to a citation in that mat-ter. It is not the view of one who might be opposed to a certain bill, and it is not the opinion of a layman, but the view of Chief Justice Terry, of the California State Court. I will read an extract from his statement. Of the position that the 