LIBERTY 43 The statesmen of that time were cor-rect ; and what a Sunday measure was in 1829, it is in 1910. Disguise the measure as we may, the poison is there. Covering the bill with sheepskin phrases, such as " police regulation " and the like, can never hide the wolf of religious legislation. All Sunday laws, whether State or national, are to protect the day because of its supposedly religious char-acter, and not to protect the citizen in the pursuit of happiness. When the clock strikes the hour for the beginning of Sunday, the law prescribes what the citizen can and can not do on that day different from other days, regardless of any convictions he may have in the matter. What Constitutes Incivility " Police regulation," forsooth ! Po-licemen and other officers of the law are chosen by the state to deal with civil matters and see that its citizens are not disorderly, but maintain proper respect for the civil laws, not simply on Sun-day, but every day in the week. But why is work performed on Sunday un-civil, or a disorderly act needing " police regulation," any more than on Wednes-day? Why should a policeman be au-thorized to arrest a man for working on Sunday more than on other days? The question, when the offender is brought into court, should not be when the act in question was committed, but, Has the civil law been violated? But in securing convictions for violation of a Sunday law, the day upon which the deed was committed, and not the act itself, con-stitutes the crime, and subjects the of-fender to the clutch of the law and the penalty it prescribes. To perform on Sunday certain kinds of honest labor which in any civilized government on earth are deemed civil. honest, and upright the other six days in the week, is made a crime. Why? Š Simply because the act was per-formed on Sunday; and the difference between Sunday and other days can con-sist only in the supposedly religious character of the day. Sunday laws  make honest toil a crime. It would seem that the man of ordinary intelli-gence ought to be able to discern that such a law could not be a " police regu-lation " in the ordinary sense of the term, but is religious in character, as were those laws of medieval times which subjected the best citizens of the world to indescribable torture as heretics. "Police Regulations" in Colonial Days Back in colonial days, when the " breath of the Puritan " permeated things, the " strict and decorous " ob-servance of Sunday was enforced by means of these so-called " police regu-lations." Some of these old Puritan " regulations " were written by the clergy, Rev. Samuel Peters for one. Preachers da not usually write the police code. As a result peaceable citizens were fined for " catching eels on Sun-day," sitting under an apple tree on the Lord's day, hanging out clothes on Sun-day, etc. One man was whipped for shooting fowls, and another, for at-tending to his regular work, was placed in the stocks. Fines were imposed upon farmers for working on Sunday. The law enacted in 1649 ordered that " who-soever shall prophane the Lord's daye by doeing any servile worke or such like abuses shall forfeite for every such de-fault ten shillings or be whipt." The New Haven Code ordered that " profanation of the Lord's day shall be punished by fine, imprisonment, or cor-poral punishment ; and if proudly, and with a high hand against the authority of God Š with death."Š" The Sabbath in Puritan New England," pages 247,. 248. This period of our colonial history was cursed with a state religion. The " police regulations " touching religion were savage in the extreme. Men were whipped, banished, and exposed to the most brutal and inhuman tortures, equaled only in the Dark Ages, if they failed to subscribe to the creed formu-lated by the ecclesiastical state of that time. What assurance have we that a " police regulation " passed by Congress 