LIBERTY with which they close their doors at night-time], and hit the corner on the head with it, for that is the only effec-tual way of arguing with a Protestant." This is an excellent testimony to the unanswerableness of the arguments which the Protestant missionaries had been using in his territory. Unable to maintain the soundness of the doctrine he taught, the priest's only alternative was to put the seal of death on the lips of the missionary. That is Romanism where she dares display herself ; it will be Romanism here when she is strong enough to put her precepts into practise. Worthy of Emulation THE Danville (Va.) Bee of June 21 says that Chief Burgess Harvey, of Lansdale, Pa., tendered his resignation to the town council, of his office as chief burgess, rather than enforce the old Sunday blue-laws of that State. His letter of resignation is as follows: - GENTLEMEN : I hereby tender my resig-nation as chief burgess of the borough of Lansdale, the same to take effect upon the appointment of my successor. I take this action only after very careful consideration of a petition placed in my hands, signed by various voters, women, and children, praying me to enforce what is commonly called the blue-laws. Since issuing a proclamation dated June 16, 1909, calling for a limited en-forcement of the law, I have been reli-ably informed that every ice-cream par-lor and soda-water fountain, fruit and candy counter must be closed on the sabbath if the law is to be consistently administered. That is a task I am un-willing to undertake, and was not con-templated by me when I asked the sup-port of the voters for the office. Hence I step aside very cheerfully, I assure you, to make room for any one who feels equal to the emergency. While I believe in keeping the sabbath as a day for worship and rest, I can not persuade myself that it is a part of my duty as a good citizen to hold an office where I am expected to prosecute  citizens who may differ from me in that particular. This noble act of Chief Burgess Har-vey is worthy of emulation by other officials, where similar conditions exist and similar demands are made. It would be far better for any official of the state to resign his office than to enforce a law that would invade the rights of con-science. All Sunday laws are unconstitutional, because they deal in matters of a relig-ious nature; and uncivil, because they interfere with the equal rights of men. They should therefore be repealed wher-ever they exist, that conscientious offi-cials may not be under the necessity of resigning their positions or enforcing laws that mean religious intolerance and persecution to innocent and law-abiding citizens. K. C. R. The Crime of Crimes GOD has given to each mind one hu-man body to control ; and he holds that intelligence responsible for the control it exercises or fails to exercise. Never has he commissioned one mind to con-trol two mature bodies. One of the most vital rights of the human being is the right to worship the Author of his be-ing. When another power steps in be-tween that being and its Maker, there is a usurpation of power, a trampling upon rights most sacred and most vital to the welfare of both body and soul. It is a savage and reckless disruption of divine intent. If it was reckoned a great sin in days of old for unauthorized feet to enter the sacred rooms of God's tab-ernacle, what shall we say of the attempt of human organizations in our day to enter unbidden the audience-chamber of the Almighty, the sanctuary of the soul, and there set up the altar of compulsion where had been the altar of God's love ? There is no greater crime than the for-cing of human consciences through fear 