38 LIBERTY  Entangling Alliances Futile The whole structure of international relations is based on self-interest and commercial rivalry. Permanent peace can never be established on earth through selfish human devisings and confeder-acies. As long as this world stands, men will resent insults to national honor. The greater the combination, therefore, the greater the dangers and the more ap-palling the conflicts when the league goes to pieces. George Washington foresaw the danger of such confederacies when he said:Š "The great rule of conduct for us in regard to foreign nations is . . . to have with them as little political connection as possible," and that " a less frequent in- An Honest Confession SOME years ago, in Louisville, Ky., the " powers that be " nominated a member of the Roman Catholic Church for the city school board. He asked the support of a prominent journalist who was his warm personal friend. The support was refused on the ground of the opposition of the candi-date's church to the public school system. Did the Roman Catholic candidate set up a yell about being persecuted for his religion's sake? He did not. He was a sensible man. He went home and did some thinking for himself. Next day he said to his friend : " I believe you are right. I really have no business on the public school board. Here I am asking NATIONAL GUARDSMEN MANEUVERING terruption of peace " would follow if this government steered clear of enter-ing into any entangling " foreign alli-ances, attachments, and intrigues." There will be greater occasion for a future world war if a world league to enforce peace is created than present conditions would render possible. The nations that enter into a world confed-eracy are steering for the rocks. The ancient prophet said : " Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid." Isa. 8: T2. IN VAN COURTLAND PARK, NEW YORK the people of Louisville to allow me to run the public schools when I am sending my own child to a parochial school. It is inconsistent; but I never looked at it in that light before." That is the real solution of the public school question. Those who oppose it have no business helping run the schools. If they think mathematics and the like can be taught better when connected with religion, let them build and pay for their own schools, but not attempt to destroy, by division of funds, public institutions they cannot control.Š Light 