THEODORE ROOSEVELT 24 LIBERTY " While the police power is one whose proper use makes most potently for good, in its undefined scope and inordinate exer-cise lurks no small danger to the republic; for the difficulty which is experienced in defining its just limits and bounds affords a temptation to the legislature to encroach upon the rights of citizens with experi-mental laws none the less dangerous be-cause well meant. We think the act under consideration gives plain evidence of such encroachment. It is sought to be upheld by the argument that it is a police regula-tion ; that it seeks to protect labor against the oppression of capital. " It is not easy to see where or how this law protects labor from the unjust exac-tions of capital. A man's constitutional liberty means more than his personal freedom. It means, with many other rights, his right freely to labor, and to own the fruits of his toil. It is a curious law for the protection of labor which punishes the laborer for working. Yet that is pre- cisely what this law does. The laboring barber en- gaged in a most respectable, useful, and cleanly pursuit, is singled out, from the thousands of his fellows in other employments, and told that, willy-nilly, he shall not work upon holidays and Sundays after twelve o'clock noon. His wishes. tastes, or necessities are not consulted.- If he labors, he is a criminal. Such protection to labor, carried a little further, would send him from the jail to the poorhouse. How comes it that the legis-lative eye was so keen to discern the needs of the oppressed barber, and yet was blind to his toiling brethren in other vocations? Steam-car and street-car operatives toil through long and weary Sunday hours ; so do mill and factory hands. There is no Sunday period of rest, and no protection for the overworked employees of our daily papers. Do these not need rest and pro-tection? The bare suggestion of these con-siderations shows the injustice and inequal-ity of this law. " If it be constitutional to single out one such class, and debar its members from the  right to labor on one day in the week, it would be constitutional to prohibit them from following their vocation upon six days of the week. When any one such class is singled out and put under the criminal ban of a law such as this, the law not only is special, unjust, and unreasonable in its operation, but it works an invasion of indi-vidual liberty,Š the liberty of free labor, which it pretends to protect." The justice and pertinence of this opinion must be patent to every unbiased and fair-minded citizen. Such legislation is held by the court to be class and discriminating legislation. And so it is ; for, to compel all barbers to stop work on Sunday directly, and then indirectly compel, by sanction, street-car employees to keep at their work in order that the railway companies may take the "released" toiler to the lake or park or somewhere else for recreation, is as incon-gruous an anomaly as can well he supposed. The barber may think he is securing liberty through a Sunday law, but he is mistaken. In reality he is planning for just the re-verse when he appeals for a Sunday law. President Roosevelt on Religious Freedom SPEAKING of Puritanism and the condition of the re-ligious world in medieval times, Mr. Roosevelt, in his work " Oliver Cromwell, the Times and Man," page 48, says: Š " Each sect believed it was the special repository of the wisdom and virtue of the Most High ; and the most zealous of its members believed it to be their duty to the Most High to make all other men wor-ship him according to what they conceived _ to be his wishes. This was the medieval attitude, and represented the medieval side of Puritanism; a side which was particu-larly prominent at the time, and which, so far as it existed, marred the splendor of Puritan achievement. " The nobleness of the effort, to bring about the reign of God on earth, the in-spiration that such an effort was to those 