LIBERTY 81 an equivalent in compensation, except-ing, of course, penal punishments for convictions of criminal acts. An up-right, honest citizen should enjoy equal rights with every other citizen, irrespec-tive of numbers, creed, or color, before the law of the land. Equality of rights is the first of rights, and in the sight of the law there should be no respect of persons, whether they be king or pope, nobleman or peasant, rich or poor, Chris- ment upon the most sacred rights of ev-ery citizen. No citizen's rights are secure so long as a government dares to tram-ple underfoot a single right of any man. The rights of all are secure only as we make secure the rights of each. In a republic each and every citizen is a sovereign. He rules his own spirit and shapes his own destiny. He is the archi-tect of his own fate or fortune. His course through life is in harmony with photo by Underwood & Underwood, New York A PARK OF MODERN QUICK-FIRING ARTILLERY tian, Jew, or infidel, red, white, or black. The right of choice is divine, and every man should be protected in its free exer-cise so long as the exercise of his.choice does not interfere with the equal rights of his neighbor. The right to choose a religion and to practice its tenets and functions so long as the equal rights of others are not invaded, is the most im-portant of all man's natural and divine rights, and without this right all other rights are insecure. Every attempt on the part of religious organizations to secure to themselves special favors from the government by combined influence and pressure, which could not be granted to all alike, no mat-ter how few in number, should be in-stantly detected as an unlawful encroach- his own choosing. His conscience is his monitor, and absolute in its own sphere of operation. It is the duty of the state to see that he conducts himself as a good, virtuous citizen in civil matters, and that he is protected in the unmolested enjoy-ment of all his constitutional immunities and God-given privileges, whether he is religious or nonreligious. Governments, as conceived in harmony with the divine economy, are not religious, but purely civil organizations, and should deal only with man's relation to man. The civil government has no Scriptural or civil right to compel any citizen to worship the true God in harmony with the first com-mandment; it has no right to prohibit any man from making images and wor-shiping them in violation of the second 