THE CHURCH IN WASHINGTON WHERE PRES- IDENT ROOSEVELT ATTENDS 24 LII3ERTY Universal Judge. Because, therefore, Sun-day is an institution of the church, not of the state, and its observance is a relig-ious act, Congress can never rightfully pass any law regUlating its observ-ance. To parry the force of this, however, the claim is advanced that Sunday is not a religious but a civil institution; and as the state should deal with civil mat-ters, it should regulate the observance of the day. But if Sunday is a civil institution, why should its observance be made compulsory? We have holidays which are purely civil institutions; for ex-ample, Washington's birthday, the fourth of July, and other like legal holidays. But who ever heard of the observance of these days being made compulsory? When has a bill ever been introduced into any national or State legislature specifying how these days should be observed, and closing up all shops and business houses and places of recreation, under penalty of civil law? All would resent such a step and deem it tyrannical. But if Sunday is a civil institution, it is merely a holiday, and should be dealt with the same as other holidays. Upon whichever horn of this dilemma so-called National Reformers impale themselves, it is equally fatal to their theory, and emphasizes the truth that legislation concerning Sunday is not within the province of the state. The President and the Motto [IN response to a letter relating to the removal of the motto, " In God We Trust," from the coins, President Roosevelt wrote the following letter.Š ED.] " THE WHITE HOUSE, WASHINGTON, NOV. II, 1907. "Mr. Thomas Henshall, " Kansas City, Mo. " DEAR SIR: When the question of the new coinage came up, we looked into the law, and found there was no warrant there-in for putting ' In God We Trust' on the coins. As the custom, although without legal warrant, had grown up, however, I might have felt at liberty to keep the in-scription had I approved of its being on  the coinage. But as I did not approve of it, I did not direct that it should again be put on. Of course the matter of the law is absolutely in the hands of Congress, and any direction of Congress in this matter will be immediately obeyed. At present, as I have said, there is no warrant in law for the inscription. " My own feeling in the matter is due to my very firm conviction that to put such a motto on coins, or to use it in any kindred manner, not only does no good, but does positive harm, and is in effect irreverence, which comes dangerously close to sacrilege. A beautiful and solemn sen-tence, such as the one in question, should be treated and uttered only with that fine reverence which necessarily implies a cer-tain exaltation of spirit. Any use which tends to cheapen it, and, above all, any use that tends to secure its being treated in a spirit of levity, is from every stand-point profoundly to be reiretted. It is a motto which is indeed well to have in-scribed on our great national monuments, in 