THE PRESIDENT LIBERTY 31 thing one minute after ten o'clock in the morning of Sunday becomes criminal ? Again, if the measure is not religious, then why exempt from its provisions those " persons who are members of a religious society who observe as a sab-bath any other day in the week than Sunday " ? In this proposed exemption from the pen-alties pre-scribed in the act, it is clear-ly implied that the ob-servance as a " sabbath.  one day i n each seven" is " herein pro-vided." The bill un-der considera-tion is the product of one or more minds that are con-cerned regard- ing the non-observance of the fourth commandment in theŁ District o f Columbia. Notwithstand - ing the fact that the fourth commandme n t calls for the observance of the seventh day of the week, the bill penalizes the non-observance of the first day of the week under the pretext of securing the observance of the fourth commandment. In this, there is evidently a discrimina-tion in favor of the sects that regard  Sunday observance as being in accord with the fourth commandment. On this point the supreme court of California before the repeal of its Sunday law held thatŠ the enforced observance of a day held sacred by one of these sects is a discrimi-nation in favor of that sect, and a violation of the relig-ious freedom of the others. . . . Considered as a municipal regulation, the legislature has no right to forbid or en-join the lawful pursuit of a lawful occu-pation on one day of the week any more than it can forbid it altogether. ŠNinth Califor-nia, 502. Our patriot-ic forefathers decided, in the United States Senate in 1829, concern-i n g a pro-posal to pro-hibit the trans-portation o f the mails on Sunday, that Š the proper object of government is to protect all persons in the enjoyment of their religious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy. The argument herein applies with President William H. Taft, addressing the Executive Committte of the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America, at a reception tendered the committee at the White House on Jan. 25, 1911, said : " It is true that we have no established religion here, and it is also true that that fact declared in the Constitution has led a good many people who do not understand onr government and our peo-ple and our Constitution to think that the absence of a pro-vision of that kind in the Constitution is dictated by some sort of hostility of the civil government toward the churches and toward religion. Nothing could be farther from the fact."Š Second Annual Report of the Committee, page 36. 