46 LIBERTY the saloon shall be licensed or outlawed. It can thus be readily seen that the town-option of the saloon does not give real home rule to the town ; for by that system the town can be taxed to care for the product of an institution which it has itself outlawed. But when the county outlaws the saloon, it relieves all the cit-izens alike from the burden of caring for the paupers and the criminals which the saloon would create within its boundary. When the saloon pleads for the right of patronage, it pleads for something to which it is not entitled. Men with strong appetites and weak wills will patronize that business because they have not the strength to resist the temptation held out by the saloon ; but that fact gives no right to the saloon to coin money by creating temptation. The saloon can give no value for the money received. It produces nothing but that which weakens and wastes and destroys. Its finished prod-uct is a dead drunkard in an unmarked grave in a potter's field. The assassin takes the life of a man quickly, and gets no revenue as the result of his act, but pays for the act with his own life. The saloon takes the life of a man slowly, and confiscates his earnings while the process is going on. We hang the one culprit and license the other. It is un-reasonable, inconsistent, and suicidal. An institution that lives and fattens upon its ability to debase manhood and woman-hood, destroy domestic happiness, demol-ish hopes and homes, dull ambition, blight prospects, inflame lust, kindle hatred, in-spire murder, and fill poorhouses and penitentiaries, has no claims upon the patronage of the public, no rights that any one is bound to respect. As for home rule, if the home were really to rule, it would rule the ruinous business out of every community in the world where any adequate estimate is set upon the value of a real home. The fact of the matter is, it is not home rule that the liquor interests desire, but the privilege to rule the home in the interests of the brewers' and distillers' bank ac-count. The cry of home rule suits their purpose only so far as they can use  it to advance their own interests Š at the expense of the home. If the liquor interests really believed in home rule, they would respect the laws of prohibition States and refrain from ma-king clandestine shipments of liquor into States that have overwhelmingly voted to oust the saloon. It is notorious that the liquor interests, instead of respecting the principle of home rule in such cases, have deliberately set about it to break down such laws by getting large quantities of bad liquor into such States through eva-sions of the law, and then parading the results of the drinking of such liquors to demonstrate the failure of prohibition. Surely an institution which makes itself an outlaw by deliberate intent has forfeited the right even to come before the people Š who make the law it has outraged Š and claim from the people consideration of its claims upon society. It is a rule of equity that he who comes into a court of equity pleading for justice must come with clean hands. Can the liquor power produce such an evidence of its right to be heard ? Š Nay, verily. Its record is red with the blood of the in-nocents. It has branded itself with the mark of Cain. It has helped to put the red " A " on the character of woman-hood and manhood in every country in the world. It has entered happy homes like a veritable hurricane and scattered parents and children to the winds to per-ish in sorrow. It has caused parents to become the assassins of their own chil-dren, and children the assassins of their own parents. It has sold the bride's dower to pay the rent, and the shoes from off the feet of the children to buy drink, when the head of the house has come under its relentless rule. Whatever there is of evil in the world the liquor force will yoke up with it to increase it. From the showing of its own record it has condemned itself and proved itself unworthy of legal existence. Its effort to beat down the law wherever the law runs counter to its purpose, brands it at once as a lawless power; and its opposi-tion to the county-option law is in har-mony with that characteristic. c. M. s. 