A Tribute to Democracy General Nelson A. Miles UNIVERSAL freedom, liberal gov-ernment, and the sovereignty of man have been of slow growth, and have required centuries of time to become established. The system of gov-ernment which our fathers, by valor and fortitude, preserved and maintained, em-braced those priceless jewels of human happiness Š" civil and religious liberty." During the past century and a half our Republic has passed through many peril-;  ous times. The black clouds of war have at times threatened our national exist-ence, yet, with a consciousness of right and justice to defend them, our people have maintained their liberty and their system of government. During the world's history the human race has been chiefly governed by super-stition and despotism. Two hundred years ago the great majority of the hu-man family were either vassals, serfs, peons, or abject subjects of some despotic power. Whenever humanity reached a higher order of intelligence, a love of lib-erty was manifested, progress and en-lightenment were developed, and a higher degree of civil government was created, only in time to be destroyed by ignorance and brute force. . . . Our ancestors fled from the cruelty and despotism of the Old World. They abandoned all the endearments of home, and sought to find a land in the wilder-ness of America where they could enjoy " civil and religious liberty." They felled the forest, they cleared the fields, they established their colonies and cre-ated communities controlled and gov-erned by the will of the people. The justice and spirit of the Magna Charta has prevailed for over seven hundred years. Under the principles enunciated in the compact framed nearly three hun-dred years ago in the cabin of the " May-flower ; " in the Articles of Association, 1774; in the Mecklenburg Declaration of Ł 114  Independence, 1775; in the Declaration of Independence proclaimed at Philadel-phia in 1776; in the Articles of Confed-eration, 1777; and finally, 1787, in that grand document, the American Constitu-tion,Š under these principles, our na-tional life has developed, unequaled in human history. The influence of our mighty Republic has not only blessed hundreds of millions that have gone be- Underwood & Underwood. N. Y. Vast territories where, but a short time ago, only the sweet music of peace, industry, and hap-piness was heard, are now silent, save for the sound of booming cannon and the moans of dying men. The ornet conflict is now resolving itself into 