LIBERTY 15 quote from the recognized fraudulent epistles forged during medieval times and attributed to the early church Fa-thers of the second and third centuries after Christ, we will even challenge it to quote any ecclesiastical writer of the first three centuries who attributed the origin of Sunday observance either to Christ or to his apostles. We are prepared to prove from the authentic history of the church and of church councils that there was no civil  are prepared to prove that the Bible is absolutely silent upon this question, and that the church never took any official action in its early councils regarding this matter until it legislated upon it at the Council of Nice in A. D. 325, by changing the celebration of Easter to Sunday, in-stead of having it fall on its legitimate anniversary day, as formerly. It was not until later councils that the church made any attempt to have the people keep Sunday instead of Saturday for the Leaders of the National Reform Association, of which the Christian Statesman is the official organ. They are cultured gentlemen, as were also the leaders in the Puritan theocracy. or ecclesiastical legislation concerning the matter of Sunday observance earlier than the fourth century after Christ, or after the commencement of the great apostasy when the world was about to enter the Dark Ages. Constantine, Not Christ, Introduced Sun-day Laws We are prepared to prove that Con-stantine the Great promulgated the first Sunday law in A. D. 321, in honor of " the venerable day of the sun," instead of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. We  Sabbath, or Lord's Day. Some of the early synods sanctioned the observance of both Saturday and Sunday. The Council of Laodicea, held between A. D. 343 and A. D. 381, was the first one that made Sunday observance obligatory upon all, irrespective of divergent faith, " un-der pain of excommunication." The Council of Sardica directly specified that if any one neglected divine service on three consecutive Sundays, " he is to be excommunicated." The Council of Or-leans, in A. D. 538, went a step farther by authorizing the bishops instead of the Treason against the United States shall consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort.Š Constitution of the United States, Art. III, Sec. 3. 