LIBERTY 167 employment; but there will be no prop-erty destroyed,Š only its use prevented for an immoral business. There are only 62,000 persons en-gaged in the liquor business in the United States, and more than this num-ber were killed outright in just three battles of the Civil War. Three million slaves were liberated in the South, of the average value of $1,-000 each, and other property of all description was destroyed. The gov-ernment never counted the loss of life and treasure, and the South soon rallied her physical and moral forces, accepted the results, and is marching on to a higher and richer destiny. In this moral and economic battle we are waging, the States have done their part in creating public sentiment in disorganizing and crippling the forces of the liquor traffic; but we must strike at the central power. It is related in fable that a hideous, many-headed monster inhabited the Ler- nwan bogs. It emitted pestilential vapors from its nostrils, darts of fire from its eyes; it terrorized and devoured the peo- ple, and ravaged all the shores of Argos. One of the tasks set for Hercules was the extermination of this terrible crea- ture ; and it was thought that he, as all others, would fall and meet his own de- struction. But full of confidence, armed with his mighty club and animated by the hope of relief he might bring the people, Hercules went forth to give bat- tle. He at last came upon the monster, and in the contest which ensued he found to his amazement that as fast as he struck off one head, another grew in its place. He then discovered that one central head was the source of intelligence and direc- tion, giving to the others the power of reproduction, and the efforts of Hercules were concentrated and redoubled to knock this central head from its neck. As the fight.  became more furious, a crab was sent up from the sea to pinch Her- cules's heel and divert his attention. But Hercules found time to kill the crab, and with the mighty blows of his club he succeeded at last in knocking off the cen- tral head, which he buried deep in the earth, and over its grave rolled an enor- mous stone so that it could never rise again. Having lost the power of repro- duction, the other heads were soon dis- patched; and when the people heard of the death of the monster, there was loud rejoicing for their deliverance, and Her- cules was proclaimed their savior. This fable, coming from the mists of antiquity, is a fact of the twentieth-cen- tury civilization; and Truth, like Her- cules, has been set a mighty task. She has gone forth armed with the sword of justice, to redeem a land from the mon- ster of the liquor traffic, as many-headed and hideous, as pestilential and terrify-ing, as that which lived in the Lernman bogs. Like Hercules, she, too, discovered that the heads of the monster have the power of reproduction, that whenever one head is severed it sprouts again and she has found the central head which gives life and power to all the rest. The subsidiary heads which are thus endowed rear themselves in the forty-eight States of the Union; and the cen-tral head, sleepless, watchful, and ma-lignant, rears itself above the Capitol at Washington, and derives its life and fatal power of reproduction from the protection and privileges of government. Truth is waging a glorious fight for the people; but as the fight grows fiercest, the critical crabs of personal liberty and States' rights have been sent up from the sea to nip her heel and di-vert her attention; but Truth will find time to dispose of these, and, like Her-cules, she will complete her task only when she cuts the central head of the liquor traffic from its root in the national government, 'buries it, and rolls the heavy stone of outraged humanity over its dis-honored grave. Then the other heads ,f this modern monster, having lost the power of repro-duction, will die; and the people, like those of Argos, will proclaim Truth their savior and honor her name for-ever. 