That "Unjust Accusation" Again ON page 43 of LIBERTY for the first quarter of the present year, the writer made some comments on certain state-ments attributed to Rev. G. L. Tufts in the so-called Lord's Day Congress, held in Oakland, Cal., July 27 to Aug. I, 1915. In this connection Mr. Tufts was chal-lenged to prove the truthfulness of cer-tain charges alleged to have been made by him in said congress. Mr. Tufts has not fully met the specifications of our chal-lenge, nevertheless we give space to the following reply from him to our editorial strictures upon his statements : Š " Unjust Accusation " ? " Under the above caption the last issue of the LIBERTY devotes over a page to the writer of this defense. The associate editor, C. P. B.,' challenges me to prove the assertions I have made about the Seventh-day Adventists. " My general comment on the article is that it is another proof that Adventists are adepts at telling half a truth and misrepresenting the other half. You quote me as having said : Š" The leaders of the Adventists declare that it is better to work men seven days a week than to provide by law for them to rest one day in seven.' " Instead of the words one day in seven,' substitute the words ' on Sunday,' and I will agree to the statement. " You continue to quote me as having said:Š Their leaders are opposed to closing the saloons upon Sunday, but advocate keeping men at work so that they cannot go to the saloon on that day.' Insert after the word Sunday' the words by means of a Sunday law,' and I will vouch for it. " In 1909 a Sunday rest bill was before the California Legislature. Elders Wm. Healey and J. 0. Corliss were there lobbying against the bill, and thus uniting their efforts with the saloon lobby, which was also opposing its pas-sage. In a formal hearing on the bill before the Committee on Public Morals, I asked Elders Healey and Corliss whether they would oppose a bill which applied to the closing of saloons only and to nothing else on Sunday. Elder Healey answered, ' Yes, we would.' When I argued for the passage of the bill on the ground that it would close saloons on Sunday, the day they did the greatest harm because men were at leisure, these Adventist elders replied that the way to prevent the evils of Sunday drunkenness was not to close the saloons on that day, but to keep men at work  so they would have no chance to patronize the saloons. I am ready to take my oath on these statements in any court of justice. " Again you quote me as saying : Š " 'An Adventist elder said in the pulpit, " I would fill the people with liquor on Saturday night so that they could not go to church on Sunday."' Strike out the words in the pulpit' and substitute in their place the words If I were a saloon keeper,' and follow with the re-mainder of the quotation, and it will read as it was repeated to me by the Presbyterian and Methodist pastors of Calistoga, Cal., Reverends Flemming and Partridge, shortly after they heard the statement made in a public meeting two nights after I had spoken in behalf of the Sunday rest bill then pending before the State legislature. " Your editorial says, ' We challenge Mr. Tufts or any one else to prove that any Sev-enth-day Adventist elder made any such state-ment as that quoted above. . . . Let him offer evidence in support of his statement, evidence such as a court would admit in the trial of a case, and we will print it in LIBERTY, with any additional statement of reasonable length that Mr. Tufts may wish to make. But he cannot do it, for the charge is untrue.' " I accept the challenge, and offer the fol-lowing letter in proof, which now lies before me. I will take my oath that the copy I hereby send the LIBERTY is a correct verbatim copy : Š "'Methodist Episcopal Church, California Conference, Upton E. Partridge, Pastor. Oro-vine, Cal., Jan. 13, 1916. " DEAR BROTHER TUFTS : In reply to your letter of a few days ago, I will say that I was pastor of the Methodist Church in Calistoga, Cal., during the years from September, 1907, to September, 1909, and remember very dis-tinctly when you gave an address there in favor of the Sunday law at that time being proposed. I also remember when Elder Tay-lor of the Adventists' sanitarium at St. Helena came a few nights later and replied to your address. " The Presbyterian pastor, the Rev. Mr. Flemming, and I both attended this meeting and took notes, and although my notes are now lost, I remember distinctly that Elder Taylor said this was a move of the preachers to get a law that would shut up everything else on Sunday so people would have to go to church, and then said, " If I were a saloon keeper, I would fill the people so full of liquor on Sat-urday night that they could not go to church," etc. I think the above is exactly the words he used; if not, I am sure it covers the exact meaning. " Very truly, "6  (Signed) UPTON E. PARTRIDGE.' 153 