LIBERTY review it in executive session, and it therefore was permitted to sleep in com-mittee without any hope of a resur-rection. But while these things were transpir-ing, petitions against any and all meas-ures of the kind, containing more than thirty-five thousand signatures, were presented in both houses of the legisla-ture. This action was reported in all the principal newspapers of the State, ac-companied w i t 11  favor-able com-ments. Only one daily paper, as far as the writer knows, in-dorsed the Sunday - rest bill. When the amendment proposition came up for consideration in the Assem-bly, it was learned that consider-able opposition to it had al-ready developed. The proponents of the measure, fearing to have a vote upon it under such conditions, had it laid over for the purpose of removing what was considered its most objection-able features. This done, another post-ponement of one week was secured, for time to lobby in its behalf. This was done most strenuously, but counter influ-ences neutralized all these efforts. It was then decided by its friends further to amend the bill from the floor, removing even the mention of any particular day of the week, thus making it provide for all laborers to have simply an indefinite day in each week for rest. It seemed, however, that a large majority of the As- sembly had been notified of such inten-tion, and so were prepared with a perfect storm of noes to vote down any such sub-terfuge, by which the constitution might finally be made to provide for a law re-quiring everybody to rest on some par-ticular day of each week. They seemed to have discovered the " joker " in the amendment offered, which would permit the state, in time, to define which one of the seven that day should be, and on consti-t u t i o n a l grounds. So the bill was forced to roll-call on its merits alone, with the re-sult that it had b u t twenty-four votes in its favor, and fifty against it. Six mem-bers were ab- !4,  sent from the chamber when the climax came, four of whom were known to be decidedly against the measure. When it is considered that fifty-four votes were necessary to win the contest, the result must have been somewhat of a discomfiture to its ad- . vocates.  One thing, however, which contrib-uted to so pronounced a defeat was the fact that, notwithstanding the Reform Bureau agent and his colleagues had stoutly maintained that these Sunday measures were in no way religious, but were solely in the interest of defenseless day laborers, when the assemblyman who fathered both the bill and the amend-ment, spoke in favor of the passage of the amendment, he said it was wholly religious, and should be passed in honor " SHALL THE PEOPLE RULE?" 