LIBERTY Ł religious measure, for it plainly provides that those who are exempted from its penalty must be members of a religious society who observe another day of the week than Sunday as the Sabbath. No one could possibly question the religious character of such a provision. The bill itself, therefore, is a most flagrant viola-tion of the first amendment to the United States Constitution, which says : " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The bill not only requires the citizen exempted to observe a sabbath, but defi-nitely specifies how Łhe shall observe it, for it must be kept " as herein provided." The state has no more right even indi-rectly to require a person to observe a sabbath than it has to require him to pray, to be baptized, or to perform any other religious act. Furthermore, it has no more right to define how people shall observe the Sabbath than it has to say how they shall be baptized Š by immer-sion, sprinkling, or pouring. Again : it will be seen that the passage of this bill would mean the establishing of an inquisition, for, in dealing with those who observe some other day than Sunday, it would be necessary for the state to determine whether they are really members of a " religious society," and also whether they have observed the Sabbath as defined by the law. It must be evident to all that at best such a pro-vision for those who observe any other day is only an act of toleration. It should also be remembered in this con-nection that toleration is not liberty, but, instead, is the first step toward oppres-sion. Even though an exemption for those who observe another day were granted without any of these restrictions, there would be no guaranty that it would be of permanent character, for the same power that could exempt one from the penalty of the law has the authority to withdraw such an exemption. At the hearing of the celebrated Blair Sunday Rest bill in the United States  Senate, Feb. 18, 189o, the reason was plainly stated, by one of the champions of that bill, why the observers of the sev-enth day of the week should be granted an exemption from the penalty provided in the bill : " We have given them [those who observe the seventh day of the week], an exemption clause, and that we think will' take the wind out of their sails." It will be noted from this that at first it was not designed to provide any exemption for seventh-day observers, but to pacify them until the Sunday law should be secured, they added one. The present Johnston Sunday bill (Senate bill 394o), before it was amended, contained no exemption clause for those who observe another day of the week as the Sabbath, and also Sen-ate bill, No. 6535, for a Sunday law in the District, contains no exemption for seventh-day observers. Thus it will be seen that, as in the case of the Blair bill, the author of this bill (S. 394o) did not design that it should exempt those who observe another day of the week as the Sabbath. The Literary Digest of Oct. 13, 1908, quoting from the Christian Ob-server regarding the purposes of the Federation of the Sunday Rest Associa-tions of America, says : " Among the things demanded [during the first ses-sion of the Sixtieth Congress] was to secure a Sunday law for the District of Columbia, which would prohibit unneces-sary business, such as the selling of can-dies, cigars, etc., as well as labor, and that no exception be made on account of religion." Let none be deceived, therefore, by this apparently beneficent provision to exempt those " who are members of a religious society, who observe as the Sab-bath another day in the week than Sun-day, . . . as herein provided." Every effort to justify or palliate the evil of religious legislation by offering an exemption clause on religious grounds, is simply an open confession of the religious character of the legislation sought, and is one of the clearest proofs of a union of church and state. 