LIBERTY 27 Ł At this convention Rev. J. M. Wylie had charge of the line of instruction dealing with the return of this nation to the theocratic form of government. He declared that the people were not afraid of a theocracy, but that it was a hier-archy which they feared. He said : Š " The fact that civil government con-trols the education of our children, the vital question of marriage and divorce, and even the lives of the citizens, de-mands that it be placed under divine  were his agents ; and they made him re-sponsible for all they did. They, too, held that the state must " be placed under divine law," and they attempted to place it there ; and through their attempt to do that there was created not a para-dise but a purgatory. God's spokesmen shall utter his will, said those colonial legislators. They were his spokesmen, they uttered his will (or professed to) ; and then they placed themselves on the throne of vengeance to executeŁ God's GENERAL VIEW IN WINONA ASSEMBLY GROUNDS law, and that God's spokesmen shall utter his will. The prophets understood better than the kings the fundamental law of the land, and kings were com-pelled to consult them. The reformers and the preachers in the early days of our republic were men who had an im-portant part in molding the destinies of the nation." What is this but the advocacy of a return to colonial days and methods? The preachers of those days told the state what was " the will of God," and the subservient state enforced the preachers' interpretation of that divine will. It mattered not what cruelty it entailed, it was " God's will," and they  wrath upon all whom they judged to be disobedient to him or under the frown of his displeasure. God's spokesmen shall utter his will, say the National Re-formers. Will they utter it without put-ting it into execution ? That it is the design of the National Reform Association to take the govern-ment out of the hands of the people, where it has rested so long, was shown by the address of Rev. J. S. Martin at this convention, on August 14. He said : Š " This association proposes that there shall be a recognition made in our na-tion's fundamental law that the law of God as revealed through Jesus Christ, 