c,67- I TEMPERANCE I I The Modern Verdict Concerning Alcohol D. H. KRESS, M. D. A GREAT change in opinion has taken place recently in regard to the value of alcohol as a beverage and a medicine. A little over forty years ago a Quaker applied for life-insurance in an English company. He was carefully examined, and pronounced an excellent risk, with one exception Š he was a total abstainer from the use of wine and whisky. While the man who habitually drank to the point of drunkenness was not received even then by insurance companies, the one who used liquor in so-called mod-eration was regarded a better risk than the total abstainer. The highest degree of health, it was thought, could only be enjoyed by the moderate drinker. Insurance companies to-day no longer consider the abstainer a poor risk. The overweight produced by the use of al-coholic beverages is no longer regarded by them as an indication of robustness and health. By carefully kept records these companies have ascertained that the one who is below the normal body weight is a safer risk than the over-weight. Insurance companies are now seeking, not moderate drinkers, but total abstainers. For years medical men have regarded alcohol in some form as the great standby at the sick-bed. No drug ap-peared to do so much for the patient. For headache, for stomach-ache, for sleeplessness, for nervousness, for fa-tigue, for irritability, in fact, for any disagreeable and unwelcome symptom, wine, beer, whisky, or brandy was re-sorted to. I remember well when the wine or whisky bottle was found in al-most every home, to meet the emergencies 44 which might arise. The presence of the bottle had, no doubt, much to do in crea-ting the many emergencies ; for the bottle was always in demand. A great change has taken place during the past few years in the minds of med-ical men regarding the value of alcohol as a remedy in disease. In the hospitals its use has been diminished one half to two thirds during the past ten years. Some hospitals have abandoned its use altogether. Medical men no longer place the same dependence on alcohol as a remedy in sickness ; some have dropped it entirely from their list of remedies. What has brought about this change? Š Scientific experiments and studies have demonstrated that alcohol does not do what was claimed for it. It does not bring health to the sick man. It pro-duces a feeling of health in sickness, for the same reason that it causes a feeling of wealth in poverty. It produces mental paralysis, or a state of partial unconsciousness. For this reason, the poor man, although poorer, is less con-scious of his poverty, and the sick man, even though seriously ill, is less conscious of hig condition. Alcohol tears down the danger-signals nature wisely erects along the pathway of transgression. Alcohol is not merely a narcotic poi-son, a deadener, it is also an irritant, and as such does injury to every tissue with which it is brought in contact. Un-der its narcotic influence the injury re- sulting from the irritation is not appreciated. For instance, alcohol is taken to relieve the unpleasant symptoms associated with an irritable stomach, in dyspepsia. While it paralyzes the nerve terminals of the stomach, thus affording relief from the local symptoms, it in-creases the irritation, or aggravates the condition which is responsible for the unwelcome symptoms. Naturally, when 