34 LIBERTY ments), yet it also insists that we " ought to obey God rather than men." This may appear to some to be contradictory, but the language of Christ, recorded in Matt. 22 : 21, makes the matter plain. He said : " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." The higher powers, the powers that be, are ordained of God, and are his ministers to see that men are civil toward one an-other; in other words, the functions of the state are wholly civil. Religion is an affair of the heart, of the conscience, and with it Caesar can of right have nothing to do. It is the duty of the church to teach religion, but not to enforce it, to preach the gospel, to en-lighten the heart, to educate the con-science, and to persuade men to serve God. This is rendering to God the things that are God's. One of these duties is the keeping of the Sabbath. That day being God's, it is to be ren-dered to him, and not to Caesar. The Sabbath law is Christ's law. Christ is able to care for his own laws. So Mr. Spurgeon said, " Christ wants no help from Caesar." The Object of Sunday Legislation K. C. RUSSELL IN determining the object of Sunday legislation, it will be necessary to con-sider the object of all religious legisla-tion ; for every Sunday law, from Con-stantine's time down to the present, has been religious, and religious only. The object which has been sought by many of the promoters of religious legislation is that of obtaining for the professed church of Christ greater prestige, influ-ence, and power. Many have defended, and many are now defending, the cause of religious legislation, because they are prompted by a desire to see society elevated to a higher plane. They think that if so splendid a result could be brought about by civil legislation, it would be most de- sirable. All these things were done during the Dark Ages for the purity of the faith, and those who were most sin-cere went to the greatest lengths in per-secuting those whom they regarded as heretics. It is, therefore, not difficult to see what the logical result will be when it is admitted that legislation upon relig-ious matters is in the interests of the church. The Holy Spirit is to the church what the breath is to the body, and a church without the Holy Spirit is as lifeless as a body without breath. Such churches, realizing their lack of power, and being conscious of the fact that in order to maintain an existence, they must have power, substitute the power of the state for that of the Holy Spirit. Every church, therefore, that seeks the aid of the civil arm in matters of religion, tac-itly acknowledges that it is not in pos-session of the power of the Holy Spirit. It is also evident that just to the ex-tent that any church seeks for the power of the state, it is antichristian ; for Jesus Christ, the great head of the church, said, in reply to Pilate's question as to whether he was king of the Jews, " My kingdom is not of this world." Again he said : " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." While the true church is seeking the power of the Holy Spirit to enable its members to exemplify in their lives the principles of the gospel, and to promul-gate it as it is manifested in the life of Jesus Christ, a church separated from Christ and shorn of his Spirit, seeks to obtain the same results by securing and making use of the power of the state. Adopting the mistaken view that the cause of truth may be advanced by relig-ious legislation, it is easy to conclude that the more we have of such legislation, the better it will be for society. 