Ecclesiastical Monopolies and Government Chaplains A Hitherto Unpublished Essay by James Madison, Fourth President of the United States With an Introduction by Gaillard Hunt, Chief of the Division of MSS., Library of Congress JAMES MADISON retired from the Presidency in 1817, and died in 1836, nineteen years later. This was the grow-ing period of American nationality, and it was during these years that an endur-ing attachment was formed for the frame of government under which the growth took place. So, as Madison had been the master builder of the government, he en-joyed extraordinary prestige, and what-ever he said on public questions was re-garded as oracular. He felt the weight of the responsibility and expressed his views carefully, realizing that he was ad-dressing posterity. During the closing years of his life he prepared certain pa-pers for posthumous publication, the chief one being the journal he had kept of the proceedings of the Federal Con-vention of 1787. This journal, with cer-tain letters which he had grouped with it, was published by the United States Gov-ernment in 1840 in three volumes under the title of The Madison Papers. Be-fore this mode of publication was de-cided upon, however, the papers were offered by Mrs. Madison, who inherited them under the terms of her husband's will, to several publishers, and among others to Messrs. Harper & Brothers ; but a satisfactory pecuniary arrangement could not be reached by private publica-tion, and the papers were sold to the government, It was not known that, at the same time with The Madison Papers, or perhaps a few months later, several essays which Madison had prepared for publication were placed in the Messrs. Harpers' hands, but such, as it now appears, was the fact. All of these have since found their way into print, except the one which follows. It was written, or re- vised, by Madison some time before 1832, and is in the penmanship of one of the amanuenses whom he employed at Mont-pelier. It is entitled " Monopolies, Perpetui-ties, Corporations, Ecclesiastical Endow-ments," and deals for the most part with the subject of religious freedom, of which he could justly claim to be one of the great champions. It was he who had caused the Virginia Bill of Rights to be amended so that it declared for free ex-ercise of religion instead of toleration or permission to exercise religion; it was he who wrote the remonstrance against assessments for religious purposes in Virginia which broke down the bill for that purpose; it was he who carried through the Virginia Legislature the bill for complete religious freedom which Jefferson had written. There are few historical characters whose views on this subject are as valuable as his. [We insert only that portion of Mad-ison's document relating to ecclesiastical monopolies, following Madison's style of copy.Ñ ED.] Madison's View on Ecclesiastical Trusts The danger of silent accumulation and encroachments by Ecclesiastical Bodies has not sufficiently engaged attention in the U. S. They have the noble merit of first un-shackling the conscience from persecut-ing laws, and of establishing among re-ligious sects a legal equality. If some of the States have not embraced this just and this truly Christian principle in its proper latitude, all of them present ex-amples by which the most enlightened States of the Old World may be in-structed ; and there is one State at least, 55 