6.434 LIBERTY The Lord's Day Alliance and Sunday Enforcement A Protest [Representatives of the Lord's Day Alliance of Canada recently attempted to extend the sphere of influence of that organization into Newfoundland. This effort called out a vigorous protest from a minister of the gospel, C. H. Keslake, a portion of which is here quoted. Inas- it is a matter of great dispute as to which precise day of the week is the Sab-bath, or Lord's day. All are agreed that originally the seventh day, commonly known as Saturday, was the Sabbath. Whether or not Sunday, the first day of the week, has taken its place is, I repeat, a matter of great dispute. Some con-tend that it has not, and, therefore, in harmony with their conscientious con-victions, they keep the original day -- ALASKA-YUKON-PACIFIC EXPOSITION, SEATTLE, WASH. A general view, looking toward Mt. Tacoma. Despite the desperate endeavors of the Sunday-law advocates, the congressional appropriation for this exposition was not conditioned upon the closing of its gates on Sunday much as it has now been decided to organ-ize in this country a Lord's Day Alliance on the model of the Lord's Day Alliance of Canada, and with the intention of working for the same results in the same general manner, this protest is just as timely now in the United States as it was in Newfoundland. The portion quoted constitutes the second division of  the protest.Š EDITORS OF LIBERTY.] I FURTHER protest against the proposed work of the Lord's Day Alliance be-cause it is an invasion of human rights. At least the reverend gentlemen con-nected with the Alliance well know that  the seventh. To do this they are per-fectly willing to suffer the loss of what-ever temporal gain might accrue to them if they should work upon that day, to say nothing of enduring numerous other inconveniences. Truly they regard the blessings, privileges, and enjoyments of the Sabbath as of more worth than all temporal advantages. Besides all this they believe that the keeping of the sev-enth cloy as the Sabbath is a duty they owe to God, in Christ, as their Creator Š that duty being paramount, but not oppoed, to all civil obligations be-tween themselves and their fellow men. 