LIBERTY 19 " For thou hast maintained my right and my cause; thou satest in the throne judging right." Ps. 9:4. was not guilty when he sold ice cream on Sunday: " Isn't it remarkable, this solicitude the Mir-ror is manifesting for the manufacturer? Isn't it fairly conclusive proof that our con-temporary's advocacy of ' blue law' enforce-ment is inspired in bigotry and nurtured in its hate of men who do not hold membership in its church? " It is all so puerile, so absurdly foolish, this splitting of hairs, that the remarkable thing is that all this agitation has excited other than tolerant contempt. We respectfully represent that the Mirror has demonstrated the insin-cerity of the movement. Its declaration that the sale of ice cream is not per se unlawful, but that it becomes unlawful in certain speci-fied instances, stamps its position as fraudulent. " If the Almighty is interested in the ques-tion, we are confident that he is unable to make such fine distinctions. We believe that his laws are immutable. He does not make fish of a rich manufacturer and bones of an inconspicuous retailer. He does not determine the degree of guilt by the size of bank ac-counts. His decrees are abiding and eternal. His wrong is wrong and his right is right. But some of his self-constituted spokesmen . . . make the cause of righteousness ridic-ulous. " Every recognized Christian teacher, from the days of the founders of the church to the present, has unqualifiedly protested against any attempt to make Sunday a day of suffer-ing, privation, and oppression. The literature of the world is replete with admonition against any such practice. Christ himself declared that the Sabbath was for man, not man for the Sabbath. But what does all this accumulated testimony amount to in the face of the pea-shooters who assume to speak for the Lord on questions of moment? " A vote for the Rhodes ordinance is a vote for intellectual slavery. It is a long step back-ward. The success of this project will be evi-dence that Altoona is too antiquated, its public consciousness too dead, its men and women too inert, to appreciate the priceless boon of human freedom." " Ecclesiastical Meddling " The Altoona Tribune, another paper which championed the cause of the Sun- day-law crusaders, had the courage to confess the reason why the Rhodes Ministerium ordinance was defeated. On November io it made the following observation on the signal defeat of this iniquitous measure: Š " The recent vote on Sunday closing . . . is a protest against ecclesiastical meddling with the municipal government. The American peo-ple are very jealous of any attempt to unite church and state." The Altoona Times, in commenting on this confession, makes the following apt remarks: Š " It would have been more creditable had the Tribune published this editorial before in-stead of after the election. Before the vote was taken the Tribune had no objection to a ' union of church and state.' It gave its best efforts to the success of the scheme. After the election it gracefully accepts the popular judgment, and censures its recent colleagues in Sunday law crusading. We congratulate our contemporary that it has the courage to express the truth. It is better late than never. When we are again face to face with ecclesi-astical meddling, we shall advert to its most recent deliverance, in the hope and expecta-tion that it will enter its protest when it prom-ises to accomplish something of good." " Blue Laws Defeated " On the day after the election the Al-toona Times made the following pointed editorial remarks: Š " The defeat of Mayor Rhodes's proposi- tion to put teeth into the blue laws' was inevitable. The result was never in doubt. This ordinance, conceived in the most con- temptible of motives, had upon its face the earmarks of retrogressive legislation, and it was an insult to the progressive, intelligent citizens of this community to demand that they approve it. " It would have been just as reasonable to have invited the people to have approved a return to the stocks, to the burning of witches and heretics, to any of the absurd and brutal practices of the past, as to ask them to place upon their necks a degrading reminiscence of a less-enlightened era. That the people made short work of this ordinance, in the first " Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right? " Gen. r8: 25. 