90 LIBERTY often expressed my sentiments that any man, conducting himself as a good citi-zen and being accountable to God alone for his religious opinions, ought to be protected in worshiping the Deity ac-cording to the dictates of his own con-science. While I recollect with satisfac-tion that the religious society of which you are members have been, throughout America, uniformly and almost unani-mously the firm friends to civil liberty, and the persevering promoters of our glorious revolution, I can not hesitate to believe that they will be the faithful sup-porters of a free yet efficient general gov-ernment. Under this pleasing expecta-tion, I rejoice to assure them that they may rely upon my best wishes and en-deavors to advance their prosperity. I am, gentlemen, your most obedient servant, GEORGE WASHINGTON. This was in August, 1789. One month afterward James Madison, with the evi-dent approval of Washington, submitted several amendments to the Constitution before the House of Representatives, among which was Article 1: Š Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof, or abridg-ing the freedom of speech or of the press. This was adopted Sept. 23, 1789, and submitted to the several States for rati-fication. Commenting on the reason for the First Amendment, the following state-ment by the Ralston (Pa.) Herald of April 28, 191o, is quite apropos : Š We wonder how many of our readers have read the history of New England's colonial times,Š of the persecutions, the whipping of the Baptists and Quakers, and the banishing of Roger Williams, by the Puritans. The Puritans were not worse than other people ; in fact, they were honest, hard-working people. You ask, Then how could they persecute in-offensive people? Š Simply because they were following wrong principles in gov-ernment. They failed to make any sepa-ration between the church and the state. They thought that the stability of the state depended on the people's observing  certain religious forms; and as the Bap-tists and Quakers would not conform to the religio-political order of government, they were punished, or rather perse-cuted. It was to prevent a repetition of such persecutions that the First Amend-ment to the Constitution was added. Did our forefathers make a mistake in sepa-rating the church and the state? If not, let us keep them separate. LibertyŠboth religious and civil Š is safe only so long as the people understand the princi- ples on which it is based. s. B. H. ME 1V itE CARDINAL FALCONIO, in a despatch from Rome to the New York American, dated March 12, is quoted as saying, " The record of the Catholic Church in America and also the Vatican's attitude toward American policies do not author-ize the assumption that the church has ever entered the field of American poli-tics." And yet the Western Watchman (Catholic) of April II, in deprecating the fact that the Poles of Milwaukee had been voting the Socialist ticket, says : Š We are sorry for the Poles. It is a shame that their clergy have them not under better control. If the Roman Church is not in politics, how does it happen that the clergy con-trol the votes of their lay members Šand are expected to? This,  is a very positive denial of Cardinal Falconio's as-sertion, and a very frank admission that the church is in politics, and uses its authority over its members to control po-litical situations. !if THE state which permits any church to annul marriages is inviting its own downfall. And the church which insists upon the right to annul marriages per-formed in harmony with the laws of the state and by those duly authorized by the state to perform them, is virtually as-serting its right to control the state and revoke its acts. 