I. I H name of the supreme court of North Dakota to advise these storekeepers of their right to keep open. The law is no good Š it is an outrage Š it is ridiculous.' " Leave State to Get Journals The Minneapolis Journal of January 23 throws a side light upon the situation, under a news article entitled, " Dakotans Rage as Sunday Blue Law Lid is Clamped On "Š" Enforcement of For-gotten Statutes "Š" All Work Stops, Amusements under Ban, Can't Even Buy Bread or Newspapers." The news article inserted the follow-ing advertisement of one of the Journal's agents : Š The Minneapolis Sunday Journal Will Be on Sale Tomorrow, Sunday Š Jan. 21st At East End of Wagon Bridge A. Lindenberg, Agent The news article continues : Š " With stores at Wahpeton, N. Dak., closed by the enforcement of blue laws, a Minneap-olis Journal dealer posted this sign all over town, and distributed the Sunday paper from a station at the east end of the wagon bridge, which is in Breckenridge, Minn." The climax came when Judge Robin-son started for the news stand to claim a copy of his Sunday newspaper. A cold and unresponsive door confronted him. He returned to his office and called up Chief of Police Downing on the tele-phone, and informed him that the Sun-day law was null and void and should not be enforced. Chief Downing de-murred because he had orders from At-torney-General Langer to enforce the law. Outranks Langer " But I am of the supreme court. I outrank the attorney-general, and I command you to direct these business places to open, as I have instructed." Chief Downing was still unmoved, and " then Judge Robinson indited a written order by the authority of the supreme  51 court which promises to stand as a his-toric precedent." " The supreme court has power to is-sue orders at any time," declared Judge Robinson in response to a question. " The fact of my order having been is-sued on Sunday does not affect its valid- GEORGE WASHINGTON In his day a friend of religious liberty ity. This is not a civil action, but one affecting the peace and safety of the commonwealth." " What is the matter with the law ? " the jurist was asked. " The law is no good. It is ridiculous and outrageous," replied the jurist. " The attorney-general had no right to issue such orders and subject every one to inconvenience. No supreme court will ever uphold that law." Clergyman and Jurist in Conflict The Rev. William Gaines, of James-town, N. Dak., took Judge Robinson to task for his attitude of opposition to the sale on Sunday of cigars, newspapers, 