22 LIBERTY exercises toward all religious bodies a little of the intolerance which she learned on the lap of her long-dominant spiritual sponsor. As Rome considers herself the Church, the supervisor of the State, and the con-science of the people, it is embarrassing for her to, be compelled to act upon the sug-gestion of any set of men in any matter whatsoever; but when it comes to the mat-ter of turning over her church property to a company of lay men, even though they be faithful sons of the church, the sug-gestion is abhorrent to her. The French bishops in May last proposed an organization for holding church prop-erty, known as the " fabrician " plan. This plan passed the council of the bishops by a majority of twenty-two. The pope exam-ined the " fabrician " plan, and rejected it entirely. Concerning this action the New York Sun spoke editorially thus:Š "As the bishop of Grenoble pointed out the other day, the bishops doubtless in their former plenary meeting voted according to their consciences. In' the Catholic Church, however, the supreme authority is the con-science of the Holy Father, which now has spoken." What that " conscience " says is this: Š " Having heretofore condemned this in-iquitous law, we examined with the great-est care its articles to see if they permitted the organization of religious life in France without jeopardizing the sacred principles of the church. . . . Concerning cultural associations, such as the law prescribes, we decree absolutely that they can not be formed without a violation of the sacred right which are the life itself of the church. Putting aside, therefore, these as-sociations which our conscience forbids us to approve, it is opportune to examine if some other kind of organization, both legal and canonical, can avert the threatened dangers to the church." Regarding the other kind of associations proposed, he declared it " not permissible " to try them, because they did not suffi-ciently establish the divine and immutable rights of the pontiff and the bishops over the temporal affairs of the church. What the outcome will be can not be predicted. At the present time it looks as if a clash must come when, on the eleventh of next December, the law is to be enforced. The church finds herself in a condition which she calls a condition of persecution, and it has greatly embittered her. She is not ta-king joyfully the spoiling (or even the  threatened interference with) her goods: but is determined to fight for her rights. Through all the ramifications of her organic life she is stirred. All this because she is denied a few of the many rights which she has always and everywhere denied to all religious bodies but herself. There is a prospect that she may have to suffer a very little of what through past ages she has caused others to suffer. Rome is the true mother of the principle of a union of church and state. She taught it to the world. France learned it of her, and finds it difficult to unlearn it. When she strives to do it, the pendulum swings too far the other way, and she enters the domain of the church, uniting the two again to that extent, but in this particular instance it is the state dominating the church. When the church dominated the state, that was a union of the two of which the church approved. But when the state dominates and dictates to the church, that is a union of church and state of which the church does not approve. The present situation in France should be a lesson to all who are laboring for a union of the two, either in name and openly or in fact and covertly. Rome adopted the principle of church and state union, and in thrusting others into the fire, she has been burned herself. In 1852 a condition of affairs was brought about in Spain which was greatly to Rome's liking. By a concordat then es-tablished all ecclesiastical affairs were to be canonically regulated, and all religions but Catholicism were forbidden. The acme of her desire was achieved; and had she her way, that condition, that kind of church and state union, would prevail throughout the world. But her intollerance seems to have overreached itself even in Spain, and a reaction has set in there, which may or may not extend as far as it has in France.  When the church demands that men shall render unto it what belongs to Caesar, or render to Cesar through the church what belongs to Caesar, the church is outside the domain of its legitimate undertaking Likewise when the state demands that men shall render to it what belongs to God, or shall render to God through state super-vision what belongs to God, it has passed beyond its legitimate jurisdiction. If the church would preserve inviolate the sacred sanctuary of its operations, it must not transgress upon. the domain of the state. To do so is to teach to all men the profana-'ir‚n ,,f  the tarred rights of hot), 