What Prominent Men Say of Religious Legislation Opinions Opposing Such Legislation Senator Bailey of Texas, speaking in op-positidn to the Johnston Sunday Bill : " I am not disposed to allow any class of people to come to legislative assemblies of the country to settle controversies between them and their employees. I certainly would not insist that a barber ought to work if he does not want to work. . . . So far as I am concerned, I am not disposed to allow any class to come and ask for a law that interferes with some man who wants to pursue his calling, simply Ł because some other man does not want to pursue it." Š Congressional Record, Jan. 26, 191o. Hon. Richard Bartholdt of Missouri: " I believe in a complete separation of church and state, and in this belief go so far as to assert that the daily prayers in this House, as well as all Sunday laws, are unconstitutional, because they signify a mixing of church and state. These views, although Lutheran doctrine, I hold not as a Lutheran, but as an American who reveres the Constitution. As such, too, I believe in religious freedom and religious tol-erance."Š Printed in the Congressional Record of Dec. 14, 1912, page 685. Protestants Favoring Such Laws Jonathan Edwards, D. D.: " We want state and religion : and we are going to have it." Prof. C. A. Blanchard: " Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measures. So Congress must establish a stand-ard of religion, or admit anything called re-ligion." Christian Nation: " Let those who will, remember the Sabbath to keep it holy, from motive of love and obedience ; the remnant must be made to do so through fear of law. We have no option." Rev. S. V. Leach, D. D.: " Give us good Sunday laws, well enforced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers, and our young men and women will be attracted to the divine service. A mighty combination of the churches of the United States could win from Congress, the State legislatures, and municipal councils, all legislation essential to this splendid result."ŠDenver, Colo., November, 1892. Rev. M. A. Gault: " We propose to incor-porate in our national Constitution the moral and religious command, ' In it (the Sabbath) thou shalt do no work,' except the works of necessity, and by external force of sheriffs we propose to arrest and punish all violators of this law. . . . Our remedy for all these malefic influences is to have the government  simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it." Catholic Opinions In the syllabus of Pope Pius IX, of Dec. 8, 1864, the Pope condemned the following prop-ositions as " errors of our time : "Š " Every man is free to embrace and profess the religion he believes true, guided by the light of reason." " The church has not the power of availing herself of force or any direct or indirect tem-poral power." " The church ought to be separated from the state, and the state from the church." " Civil laws may and must be independent of divine and ecclesiastical authority." " In the present day it is no longer expedi-ent that the Catholic religion shall be held as the only religion of the state, or to the ex-clusion of all other modes of worship." The above propositions the Pope condemns as gross errors. Cardinal Gibbons: " Religious liberty may be tolerated by a ruler when it would do more harm to the state or to the community to repress it; this is the true Catholic teach-ing on this point, according to Bacanus and all Catholic theologians."Š"Faith of Our Fa-thers," page 269. Pope Pius X: " That it is necessary to separate church and state is a thesis absolutely false,Š a most pernicious error."Š Encyclical to bishops of France, Feb. r1, 1906. Pope Leo XIII: "Since the state ought,  to have a religion, it ought to profess that which is alone true, and which in Catholic countries is especially recognizable."Š Encyc-lical on Human Liberty, June 20. 1888. Pope Boniface VIII: " Each [sword], therefore, is in the power of the church, to wit, the spiritual sword and the material. But the latter is to be used for the church, the former by the church; the former by the hand of the priest, the latter by the hands of kings and soldiers, yet according to the beck and permis-sion of the priest. But one sword must be under the other sword, and the temporal au-thority must be subject to the spiritual power. . . . Therefore we declare, assert, define, and pronounce that it is necessary to salvation that every creature be subject to the Roman pon-tiff."Š From the bull Unam sanctam, issued in 1302. 144 