36 LIBERTY SHALL THE EARTH AGAIN PASS UNDER THE SAME DARK SHADOW? authority for requiring or forbidding anything on the part of any person for any religious reason? It cannot be found, at least not in the Constitution, and that is the instrument by which Con-gress itself lives and moves and has its being. Article X of Amendments provides that " the powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the peo-ple." How, then, can Congress assume to enact any law touching any religious question, or imposing in any way the dis-charge of any moral or supposedly moral duty, as such, upon any one? By what right can Congress assume to say that any man or any woman who wishes shall not do anything on Sunday that may be in-nocently clone on other days, merely be-cause some people regard such labor or business as sinful if done on that par-ticular day? The whole scheme of Sunday legisla-tion is built upon a wrong foundation. It rests upon the assumption, first, that secular pursuits on Sunday are in viola-tion of a divine command ; and second, that it is the duty of the State to forbid and punish sins of that particular char- acter. That this is not only an assump-tion, but that it involves also gross pre-sumption, must be apparent to any one who will give the subject even a few mo-ments' consideration. There is and can be no such law enacted upon a moral basis, that is, with the idea of enforcing a duty to God, that does not involve in effect some modification of the divine Sabbath law. In the first place, all such laws assume to transfer to the first day of the week prohibitions which originally applied only to the seventh day. There-fore, to make such a law is to assume to settle by civil enactment the vexed theo-logical controversy over the change of the Sabbath from Saturday to Sunday. In the second place, whereas the divine Sabbath commandment says, " In it thou shalt not do any work," every man-made Sabbath law contains many exemptions, thus practically modifying or even radi-cally changing the divine law. Many people, having complied with the law of the State, feel eased in their consciences, and practically make, not the divine law of the Sabbath, but the civil law of Sun-day, the standard of their Sabbath ob-servance. In his book, " The Sabbath for Man," Dr. W. F. Crafts tells of sending out to 