MANUEL ESTRADA CABRERA, PRESIDENT OF GUATEMALA Religious Liberty in Central America Looking to the Land of Liberty for Precedents W. E. HANCOCK IT is a remarkable situation that ex-ists in nearly all Catholic countries at the present time. One can but admire the small group of men in these countries who, although Catholics themselves by profession, are struggling to break the yoke of eccle-siasticism which f o r centuries has rested so heavily upon their father-lands. It would be well for Protestant countries to take notice, and learn a lesson from the struggles of Spain, France, Portugal, and of all Latin-American coun-tries against that union of state and relig-i o n exemplified in the Catholic hierarchy. The recent revolutions i n Nicaragua, Hon-duras, and Mex-ico are revealing the fact that some lurking danger is threat-ening to under-mine the results of the victories gained for religious lib-erty in these countries during the last twenty-five years. The most remarkable thing is that the Conservative, or Cath-olic party, is being supported in almost every case by the policy of the United States government. The result of the policy is demonstrated in the Nicaraguan revolution. Statesmen of the Liberal  party of these countries are wondering what the United States means in assist-ing the Conservatives to gain power again. The following appeared recently in El Nacional, of Guatemala City : Š " One of the first demonstrations of religious intol-erance w as shown by Arch-bishop Pereira Castellon, w h o refused to ad-mit General Es-trada, president of the republic, as godfather of the son of An- d r e s Murillo. Already are clearly seen the consequences of the condition to which the pres- e n t constitu- tional assembly is bringing the country. M r . Pereira, who at other times is like a lamb, and w h o accepted Zelaya at his palace, now arises om-nipotently a n d resists the pres-ent president." T h e Central Americans a r e willing to admit the tyrannies of some of their so-called liberal presidents, and the majority of them deplore such abuse of power. However, it must be remem-bered that the evils of a dictator of the Liberal party will at the most be checked but temporarily by installing a Conserv-ative president, for it must not be for-gotten that the element back of the Con- (Ion) 9 