lee AI i WAY&  Mt" ",isqiiititt Ł 4 LIBERTY SCENE IN VENICE, ITALY attainable " through their own selfish devisings and by artificial means, and that they should utterly ignore the experiences of the past and the natural tendencies of carnal men and selfish nations. The commercial greed and innate wicked-ness so prevalent in the hu- (L. 1..11../Cr VS ,rtes.. vtou, 1. enactment of laws. We wish that they could eliminate national hatred and self-ishness from human hearts, and cause unregenerate human nature to endure in-sult, provocation, dishonor, and abuse without resentment or retaliation ; but -this can never be. A Defect in the Fabric It would be folly for us, or any one else on this planet, to profess pure al-truism and charity in politics and inter-national diplomacy. It would be worse than a nursery jingle to talk of mutual love of the angelic sort, among the na-tions, or to speak of a time when nations will in honor prefer one another. The whole structure of society, jurisprudence, and commercialism between nations is based on self-interest and business ri-valry. It seems strange that our modern statesmen should think that " a future permanent peace among the nations is man heart offer poor foun-dation material to build upon for eternal good will among the nations, nor will they even assure peace and tranquillity between capital and labor. Deluded No Longer Many thinking men refuse to be de-luded any longer by the sureties of last-ing peace among selfish men and nations. They refuse to close their eyes and stop their ears to the unerring voice of history which deals with human experiences among selfish men and covetous nations. Men have prophesied lasting peace many times in the past, and no doubt they will continue to do so from now until dooms-day. But as long as men and nations are selfish and unregenerate by nature, they will fight under provocation of self-inter-est or insult. No Peace till the Prince of Peace Comes According to the Bible, wars will never cease permanently until the Prince of 