PETER I, KING OF SERVIA Servia's refusal of Austria's demands precipitated the present war. 150 LIBERTY coming of our Redeemer and the destruc-tion of the wicked. From the following scripture we learn what Armageddon is: Š " And the sixth [angel] poured out his bowl upon the great river, the river Euphrates; and, the water thereof was dried up, that the way might be made ready for the kings that come from the sunrising. And I saw coming out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet, three unclean spir-its, as it were frogs: for they are spirits of demons, working signs; which go forth unto the kings of the whole world. to gather them together unto the war of the great day of God, the Almighty. . . . And they gathered them together into the place which is called in Hebrew Har-Magedon." Rev. 16: 12-16, American Revised Version. Ilar-Magedon, or Armageddon, or Mt. Megiddo, or the city of Megiddo, is a real place; and there do the forces of the nations gather, under the inspiration of the " spirits of demons." to fight a literal battle for the possession of a literal city some fifty miles from that place. They gather at Armageddon; the battle will take place around Jerusa-( lem. The location of the battle is made certain by another scrip-ture, which reads: Š " Proclaim ye this among the nations; prepare war; stir up the mighty men; let all the men of war draw near, let them come up. Beat your plowshares into swords, and your pruning hooks into spears: let the weak say, I am strong. Haste ye, and come, all ye nations round about, and gather yourselves together: thither cause thy mighty ones to come down, 0 Jehovah. Let the nations bestir themselves, and come up to the valley of Jehosh-aphat; for there will I sit to judge all the nations round about. Put ye in the sickle ; for the harvest is ripe; come, tread ye; for the wine press is full. the vats overflow ; for their wickedness is great. Multitudes, multitudes in the valley of deci-sion! for the day of Jehovah is near in the valley of decision." Joel 3: 9-14. The meaning of Jehoshaphat is " Jehovah does justice." Therefore it is the " valley of decision," or the valley of Je-hovah's judgment; and there does he " sit to judge all the na-tions." Furthermore, all the na-tions, or representatives of all the na- tions, will be there to receive sentence. But where is it? Š It is " a narrow glen which runs from north to south, between the mounts Olivet Ł and Moriah, and through which flows the Kidron."Š Rob-inson's "Bible Dictionary," article " Ie-hoshaphat." It does not follow that the armies of all the nations are crowded into that glen. Jehovah says, " There will I sit to judge all the nations round about." Their rendezvous was at Armageddon, at the foot of Mt. Carmel. in the plain 