LIBERTY! .4.mŁolmtimr.cmŁmorm.ommo "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25: 10. VOL. X SECOND QUARTER, 1915 No. 2 The Destiny of the Nations A Prophetic Outlook on the Extinction of Turkey THE EDITOR IF there is one lesson which the his-tory of this world teaches, it is that a divine Providence is behind every scene in every act, overruling events in har-mony with " the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord." According to the prophecies " in the vol-ume of the Book," this sin-cursed earth is " stored up for fire, being reserved against the day of judgment and destruc-tion of ungodly men. . . . The day of the Lord will come as a thief ; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall be dissolved with fervent heat, and the earth and the works that are therein shall be burned up. Seeing that these things are thus all to be dissolved, what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy living and godliness, looking for and earnestly desiring the coming of the day of God, by reason of which the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the ele-ments shall melt with fervent heat? But, according to his promise, we look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness." 2 Peter 3 : 7-13, A. R. V. This scripture clearly shows that a del-uge of fire will be the last act in the great drama of this world's history. Just  as a flood of waters destroyed the in-habitants of this earth in the days of Noah for their wickedness, so the devil and all the wicked are to be destroyed by fire in the last great day. The Master and Lord of heaven said : " The same day that Lot went out of Sodom it rained fire and brimstone from heaven, and destroyed them all. Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed." Luke 17 : 29, 3o. Again, Peter says : " If God spared not the an-gels that sinned, but cast them down, . . . to be reserved unto judgment; and spared not the old world, but saved Noah the eighth person, a preacher of right-eousness, bringing in the flood upon the world of the ungodly; and turning the cities of Sodom and Gomorrha into ashes condemned them with an overthrow, making them an ensample unto those that after should live ungodly; . . . the Lord knoweth how . . . to reserve the unjust unto the day of judgment to be punished." 2 Peter 2: 4-9. Nations Arrayed Against Christ All these scriptures annihilate the false hope of man's being his own Saviour and being able of his own efforts to es-tablish a reign of peace and righteousness 53 