LIBERTY matter the church has launched against him her pronunciamento of major excom-munication, the most terrible weapon in her armory. It does not look as if the better conditions in France, following the separation, are much appreciated. If they were, she would hardly excommu-nicate one of her priests for attempting to bring about the same conditions in Italy. Don Romolo Murri is advocating a law similar to the French law of sepa-ration for the distribution of ecclesias-tical estates under the care of the state to the religious associations; and pro-poses further that the state shall guar-antee freedom of instruction. Freedom of instruction, freedom of the mind, free-dom of the conscience Š these are a trio which no state-fostered church was ever known to welcome. The very agitation of such a question within the precincts of the Papacy's old homestead should cause Americans to think for a moment upon Rome's declared program for this country ; that is, to " make America Catholic," and to " do for America " what she " has done for other nations." An Important Lesson THOSE professed ministers of the gos-pel of Christ who are clamoring for rec-ognition in the political field, and who often show themselves partizans in pol-itics, should read and ponder upon Canon Fausset's clear statement of the principles involved in this question : Š The refusal of our Lord to intermed-dle with the affairs of this life as a judge, carries with it a great lesson to all religious teachers. Immense indeed is the influence of religious teachers in the external relations of life, but only when it is indirectly exercised; whenever they interfere directly with secular and political matters, the spell of that influ-ence is broken. If they take a side,Š as in that case they must do,Š those on the opposite side can not help regarding them as adversaries, and this necessarily  diminishes, if it does not destroy, with such at least, their professional influence or the weight they would otherwise carry in their own proper sphere. Whereas, when the ministers of Christ keep themselves aloof from secular and political parties, abiding within their proper sphere, all parties look up to them, and they are often the means of mollifying the bitterest feelings and rec-onciling the most conflicting interests. Will the servants of the church of God weigh this ? Our Guaranty of Liberty THE right to believe what appears to us worthy of belief and to withhold cre-dence from that which appears to us un-worthy of it, are the most fundamental rights of intelligent beings. Deprived of such rights, man's condition is no bet-ter than the animals the Creator put tinder man's control. Deprived of such rights, the formation of character is im-possible. He has no character who must do as another bids him, and refrain from following the leadings of his conscience because some human power forbids his doing it. By yielding to such control, he becomes a mere marionette, perforni-ing at the behest of another. By his ig-noble surrender of his birthright of manhood and liberty, he dishonors his Maker and closes the treasury of heaven against him. And all this is the legitimate fruit of a union of religion and the state so ardently urged by so large a portion of the people in our own day. It is not a mere matter of academic discussion. The threatened invasion of fundamental and unalienable rights has taken shape, and the forces that propose to do the in-vading are in actual process of mobiliza-tion for the attack. It is a time to act and act wisely, to stand for principle and stand firmly. The framers of the Dec-laration of Independence and of the Con-stitution of the United States understood these matters as well as we, if not 