LIBERTY 31 the accused belong to a church which ob-serves " another day as holy time," and that the defendants had conscientiously and uniformly kept another day as holy time, as the law required. The very evi- dence that would have cleared the ac-cused in the sight of the law, was denied the defense and kept from the jury. The very weapon that the constitution and statutes of Oklahoma put into the hands of the defendants to protect themselves in such an issue was stricken out of their hands by the court, who should have seen to it that they had the benefit of every legal safeguard. We herewith submit a few of the ques-tions bearing on this phase of the trial as they appear in the transcript of the evi-dence from the court records : Š Direct examination of Isaac Krieger by At-torney Woolman for defendants. Question.Š State to the jury of what reli-gious faith or sect you are. By Prosecuting Attorney Mr. Boardman : State objects to the question as incompetent, irrelevant, and immaterial; not defensive mat-ter to the issue in the case. By the Court : Sustained. By Mr. Woolman : Excepted. Ques.Š Did you on the twentieth day of June, 1915, belong to any religious sect? Objected to by prosecuting attorney, and ob-jection sustained by the court. Ques.Š I will ask you if at that time you kept and believed in another day as a holy day, except Sunday, commonly called the first day of the week? Objection of prosecuting attorney again sus-tained by the court. Ques.Š Did you at that time and were you observing your day as holy day, and doing so from a conscientious belief of your religion? Objection of prosecuting attorney again sus-tained by the court. Ques.Š I will ask you, if at any time within the last three years have you performed any secular work on Saturday, commonly known as the seventh day of the week? Objected to again by prosecuting attorney, as incompetent, irrelevant, and immaterial, constituting no defense. Objection sustained by court. Mr. Woolman, the attorney for the de-fense, then asked that the juryŁbe excused from the court room while he made a statement to the court. After the jury left the room, Mr, Woolman made the  following statement in behalf of the de-fendants before the court: Š The defendants now offer to prove by the witness on the stand that on the twentieth day of June, 1915, this witness, being one of the defendants, and also his father, G. J. Krieger, were at said time members of the sect, or church body, known as the Seventh-day Ad-ventists, and that it was one of their religious beliefs, and is now, that it was their duty as such observers to keep another day of the week as a holy day other than Sunday, and that at said time, these defendants, and each of them, kept and observed as holy time the seventh day of the week, commonly known or called Saturday. That owing to the conscien-tious convictions of these defendants, and each of them, and under the belief and doctrine of the church to which they then belonged, they closed their place of business at the going down of the sun every Friday evening or night, and the same remained closed for all kind of business until the going down of the sun on Saturday night or evening. That during said time these men worshiped as said Seventh-day Adventists, and conscien-tiously believed that this was their duty from a religious and moral standpoint. That during their holy time they performed no work or labor, and devoted said time to the worship according to their religious belief. That during said first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday, they conducted their business and labor in such a manner as to not interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as holy time. That these defendants, and each of them, in good faith observed the seventh day of the week as holy time, and observed no other day as such. The prosecuting attorney replied : Š To which offer the State objects, for the reason that the testimony and evidence of-fered is wholly incompetent, irrelevant, and immaterial, and constitutes no defense. Objection was sustained by the court. The court sustained all these objections in the face of the exemption statute which grants the seventh-day observer the right " to show that the accused uni-formly keeps another day as holy time, and does not labor on that day, and that the labor complained of was done in such manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as holy time." The statute states that after this is shown, it shall be regarded by the State as a " sufficient 