22 LIBERTY expense, and object to our having the kind that we want at the general ex-pense ? Real Persecution Involved The Nonconformists are so determined not to consent to Anglican or Roman Catholic religious instruction in the schools, that ever since the act of 1902 was passed many of them have resolutely refused to pay the education rate. Hun-dreds have suffered fine and imprison- tion that unless the public schools are charged with the work of religious edu-cation, that work will not be done. This is surely a sad acknowledgment for the churches to make, a confession of weakness and unfitness for the very task which their Master expressly com-mitted to their hands. What is it but a union of church and state when the church, even though it call itself Noncon-formist, turns over its responsibilities to UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA (ADMINISTRATION BUILDING), Fu l NDED 1860, BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER, LL. D., PRESIDENT ment in consequence, and to this day some are still appearing periodically in the courts to suffer the penalty of their refusal. The Only Right Basis Repudiated It would seem as if the logical solution of this vexed problem was very apparent, namely, that the state confine itself to the work of secular education, and allow the religious bodies to deal as they please with religious education. Yet, apart from some of the labor organizations and a few similar bodies, very little favor is shown to the proposal of secular educa-tion. All the religious bodies feel that to eliminate religious principles from the education of the young would be to court national deterioration and disaster. In other words, the churches take the posi- the government, feebly declining to bear them itself ? The Remedy Even if the church should find the task too heavy for it to bear in its own strength, it would be well for it to face the solemn responsibility placed upon it to give the gospel to every creature, and not to shirk its responsibility by seeking to place that duty on the State. It is not unreasonable to believe that the taking tip of its own proper burden, would bring to the church the power which now it lacks. The Saviour offers abundant encouragement to his people on the con-dition that they take up the cross and follow him. There can be little doubt that it would be greatly to the gain of the church if it 