18 LIBERTY Many of the leading ministers to-day are members of this National Reform organiza-tion. It has its headquarters in Pittsburg, Pa. And other organizations are helping along this work. The W. C. T. U., one of the grandest of human organizations, has been drawn into the wrong path in this matter. We stand with the W. C. T. U., and with all other like organizations, upon the principles of temperance reform. We are opposed to the liquor traffic not only on Sunday but on every day of the week. It is just as wrong to do wrong on Mcnday as it is on Sunday. A crime is a crime whenever don,e. We stand with this noble organization of women in their attitude to-ward every other social evil which they are opposing; but when they ally themselves with the National Refcrm party in its effort to enforce religion by law, we feel com-pelled to make a most solemn protest against this backward step. There are other organizations, such as the Christian Endeavor Society and the Epworth League, containing the very flower of the young manhood and womanhood of the country, which have been deceived into allying themselves with this National Re-form party and working for " Christian citizenship." One of their methods has been to organize opposition to every candi-date for office who will not vote for a Sunday law. Only a few years ago they came to the Massachusetts Legislature, and told these representatives that if they did not vote for a Sunday law there were sev-enty thousand young men and women who would boycott them. The National Reform Association, which, upon the showing just given, virtually com-prises all these various organizations men-tioned, together with the American Sabbath Union, of which the New England Sabbath Protective League is a part, has one central object, one all-absorbing thought, and that is to bring about the changes in our gov-ernment along religious lines already re-ferred to, chiefly through the matter of Sunday enforcement, and thus make relig-ion here, as in the Old World in ages past, a matter of law. All can see that this is a formidable combination. The Inter-Church Federation Movement I wish now to draw your attention to ancther organization that is coming up in this country. About a year ago in Novem- ber there was held in the city of New York the Inter-Church Federation Conference. That was composed of some forty or more denominations, representing, it was claimed, score twenty millions of people. One of the chief objects which they have in view was thus stated by one of the speakers at that conference: Š " I trust that one of the practical results of this conference will be the organization of a force that lawbreakers and lawmakers will respect and heed when great questions of mcrals are involved. Our gospel is the fulfilment of the law. It is our province, in the name of our Supreme King, and seeking the good of mankind, to ask rulers to respect the code of our kingdom. Rulers may ignore sects, but they will respect the church. This federation will compel an audience, and it will speak with power if it will put aside its differences and make its agreement its argument." The real object of this organization, therefore, is to bring pressure to bear upon lawmakers, and make its argument an argument of force. Thus we see that all these elements of pretended reform are fo-cusing their efforts upon the lawmaking bodies of the land, both state and national, with a view of establishing and enforcing religion by the state and national law. Under the supervision of what is known as the International Reform Bureau, there is a systematic lobby carried on at Washing-ton to advance this cause of reaction. Not long ago a United States senator, speaking to a representative of the Relig-ious Liberty Bureau in reference to his position, said : " I am opposed to any and all phases of religious legislation, including Sunday laws. . . . But the truth is, the religious people of this country are getting such a hold of lawmakers that I fear we can not stem the tide in that direction." Think of it ! A United States senator ad-mitting that the pressure being brought to hear by this element working for religion by force and law was becoming so strong that they could not much longer resist it ! That ought to make every citizen tremble for what is coming. I am not here as an alarmist. I am simply telling you facts, and calling attention to important principles. Statesmen have foreseen the dangers. Here is a warning which occurs in the United States Senate report on Sunday mails, made as long ago as 1829. The 