20 LIBERTY church is made obligatory upon the peo-ple. The declaration that " Congress shall make no law respecting the establish-ment of religion " forbids Congress to enforce any religious ritual, ceremony, or observance ; for, as the establishment of a religion consists in the compulsory ob-servance of all the rituals and ceremonies of the religion established, the prevention of such an establishment in its entirety must be manifest in the prevention of the establishment of any ritual or ceremony whatever. To establish one such ritual, ceremony, or observance is to set the religion of which it is a part above all other religions held by the people. Therefore, for this nation to enact a Sun-day law is to establish religion to that degree, to exalt the religion of which that observance is a part above other religions, and to deny to a portion of the people that equality which government is ordained to secure among men. None can deny that to enforce Friday-keeping upon all the people, and leave them free to do as they wish on all other days of the week, would exalt to a place of pre-eminence the religion of which Friday-keeping is a part, and establish that religion Š Mohammedanism Š to that extent in establishing that observ-ance. Just so would the enforcement of the seventh day of the week exalt the re-ligion of which the religious observance of that day is a part. If the first amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States was designed to prevent the estab-lishment of any religion or church here, it was equally designed to prevent the establishment of any portion of any re-ligion or any dogma or practise of any church. The man who can legally dictate my religious duties is my superior before the law. That religion which can le-gally compel the people to yield obedi-ence to one of its observances, is given pre-eminence over all other religions be-fore the law, and is to that extent es-' tablished by law. The fundamental pre-cepts of this government were more than  a protest against that course of procedure Š they forbade it. If the Constitution permits the enforcement of one religious ordinance, it permits the enforcement of any and all, and there is then no bulwark of defense against the most complete es-tablishment of religion by law in this country. As the whole is equal to the sum of all its parts, and as all the parts are included in the whole, the constitutional prohibition of the establishment of re-ligion in this country is a prohibition of the establishment of any part of any re-ligion in this country. As the observance of Sunday is one of the religious dog-mas of the greater portion of the Chris-tian church, the Congress of the United States is thus, by the first amendment to the Constitution, forbidden to make any law respecting the establishment of that institution, or its enforcement upon the people. The Religio'Political Campaign in Missouri JOHN S. WIGHTMAN THE State of Missouri has been one of the chief battle-grounds for religious intolerance and a return to a religio-political system of government, such as has ruled and ruined republics and em-pires of the past. There were two con-spicuous figures in this contest,Š Joseph W. Folk, the executive of the State, and leader of the " new reform element " in the Democratic party of the State,Šand Judge William H. Wallace of the criminal court of Kansas City, a type of the blue-law exemplars of early New England history. These men have drawn national attention to the peculiarly " moral " and " religious " issues in the State. Judge Wallace needs no introduction to readers in any section of the nation ; for his unyielding prosecution and per-secution of theater-players for Sunday ex-hibits and " violations of law " since December last, have been published broad-cast from the Atlantic to the Pacific; while the present candidacy of the for- 