EXECUTIVE BOARD OF THE RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION First row, sitting, reading from left to right : W. A. Westworth, J. 0. Corliss, W. A. Colcord, K. C. Russell, Allen Moon, L. A. Smith. Second row : C. S. Longacre, C. M. Snow, W. T. Bartlett, D. W. Reavis, S. B. Horton, A. J. S. Bourdeau, J. S. Wightman, J. S. Washburn 12 LIBERTY gress the proposed religious amendment was a Senate measure, it having been in- troduced in that body by Senator Rich-ardson, of Delaware, by request. As the measures now stand, one is a Senate bill, the other a House measure. Both are contrary to the spirit and letter of the Constitution, and to the American and Christian idea of civil gov-ernment. Instead of seeking to secure a Sunday law from Congress, Christians would better appeal to the Sabbath law already in existence, Š the fourth pre-cept of the deca-logue,Š a n d teach Sabbath - keeping from the Christian's text-book, the Bible. And instead of call-ing for a religious amendment to the Constitution, as a basis for religious legislation, and by which to unite church and state in the United States, and turn this nation back into the line of bigotry and intoler- ance, back to the " old order of things," it would be far more consistent to call for a bill of rights to the Constitution, guar- anteeing, first of all, that religious lib-erty shall forever be insured in this country, and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any church, creed, religion, or mode of worship. The Pittsburg Post of May 28, 1909, made the following significant comments upon this question : Š It is rather a curious and extraordi-nary fact that the original purpose which brought our ancestors to these shores Š  religious liberty, the right to worship in accordance with conscience Š is virtually ignored in the making of our constitu-tions, thus permitting legislators to re-strict and prescribe the observance of the first day of the week. The Constitution of the United States merely provides, on this point, that " Con-gress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." And very few State constitutions contain clauses adequately defining religious liberty. Laws, therefore, which restrain indi-viduals from doing certain things on Sunday which may be done on the other six days of the week, have been found to be unconstitutional. Lawmakers have taken it upon themselves to define what is in accordance with the Word of God, and, in a sense, to enjoin upon the peo-ple a fixed kind of religious observance. Oftentimes, too, a sense of discrimina-tion is displayed, as in the effort to enforce so-called blue-laws at Coney Is-land, a resort frequented almost exclu-sively by the masses. 