190 LIBERTY'  or arouse their indignation to see their curate establish illicit relations with a woman and have children by her. The woman generally did not lose caste on that account, but often prided herself on the relation to the chief authority in the village, and on the paternity of her children, who were apt to be better-looking, brighter, and more successful than the pure Filipino children. Of course there may have been instances in which a friar used his autocratic power to establish a relation of CRAWLING OVER THE COURSE Flagellation in the Philippine Islands. This form of self-torture as satisfaction for sin is still practiced under the supervision and control of the Roman Cath-olic ecclesiastical authorities. (See the Catholic Ency-clopedia, Vol. VI, p. 92.) this kind against the will of the woman and her relatives. . . . But it is conceded by the most intelligent and observant of the witnesses against the friars that their immorality, as such, would not have made them hateful to the people. On the contrary, the Filipino priests who have taken their places are shown to be fully as immoral as the friars, but the people do not feel any ill will against them on this account. " We must look elsewhere, therefore, for the chief ground of the deep feeling cherished against the friars by the Filipino people. It is to be found in the fact that to the Filipino the government in these islands under Spain was the government of the friars. Every abuse of the many which finally led to the two revolutions of 1896 and 5898 was charged by the people to the friars. Whether they were in fact to blame is perhaps aside from our purpose, but it cannot admit of contra-diction that the autocratic power which each  friar curate exercised over the people and civil officials of his parish, gave them a most plausible ground for belief that nothing of injustice, of cruelty, of oppression, of narrow-ing restraint of liberty, was imposed on them for which the friar was not entirely respon-sible. His sacerdotal functions were not in their eyes the important ones, except as they enabled him to clinch and make more complete his civil and political control. The revolu-tions against Spain's sovereignty began as movements against the friars. . . . All the evidence derived from every source, but the friars themselves, shows clearly that the feel-ing of hatred for the friars is well-nigh uni-versal and permeates all classes. . . . "Those who are charged with the duty of pacifying these islands may, therefore, prop-erly have the liveliest concern in a matter which, though on its surface only ecclesiastical, is, in the most important phase of it, political and fraught with the most critical conse-quences to the peace and good order of the country in which it is their duty to set up civil government. We are convinced that a return of the friars to their parishes will lead to lawless violence and murder, and that the people will charge the course taken to the American government, thus turning against it the resentment felt toward the friars. It is to be remembered that the Filipinos who are in sympathy with the American cause in these islands are as bitterly opposed to the friars as the most irreconcilable insurgents, and they look with the greatest anxiety to the course to be taken in the matter. It is suggested that the friars, if they returned, would uphold American sovereignty and be efficient instru-ments in securing peace and good order, whereas the native priests who now fill the parishes are many of them active insurgent agents, or in strong sympathy with the cause. It is probably true that a considerable number of the Filipino priests are hostile to American sovereignty largely because they fear that the Catholic Church will deem it necessary on the restoration of complete peace to bring back the friars or to elevate the moral tone of the priesthood by introducing priests from Amer-ica or elsewhere. But it is certain that the enmity among the people against the American government caused by the return of the friars would far outweigh the advantage of efforts to secure and preserve the allegiance of the people to American sovereignty which might be made by priests who are still subjects of a monarchy with which the American govern-ment has been lately at war, and who have not the slightest sympathy with the political principles of civil liberty which the American government represents."Š"Reports of the Taft Philippine Commission," pp. 26-31. This Congressional report, which sets 