LIBERTY 11 over the Council of Nicma. As early as A. D. 343, the Council of Sardica directly specified that if any one " neglected di-vine service " on three successive Sun-days, " he is to be excommunicated." To compel people " to attend divine service " is still the purpose of Sunday legislation aik stated by its advocates. Rev. S. V. ŠLeech, D. D., a prominent leader among the Sunday law advocates, said, in the Homiletic Review for No-vember, 1892 : Š Give us good Sunday laws, well enforced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers, and our young men and women will be attracted to the divine service. A mighty combination of the churches of the United States could win from Con-gress, the State legisla-tures, and municipal coun-cils, all legislation necessary to this splendid result. Genealogy of Sunday Laws The following state-ments, in form of quo-tations taken from re-liable, sources, present in succinct form the real facts as to the origin and history of Sunday laws : Š church of the empire. When Henry VIII, about A. D. 1544, renounced allegiance to the Pope, we retained and are still cherishing these relics of the papal regime." 7. Catholic Church : " Sunday laws and re-ligious legislation were incorporated into our system by the craft, flattery, and policy of Constantine and the ambitious bishops of his time, together with the decrees of popes and councils of later date, by which we transmuted the 'venerable day of the sun' into the Chris-tian sabbath, in honor of the resurrection." 8. Paganism: With them, Sunday observ-ance originated in sun worship, this day, the first in the week, being dedicated to the great-est, brightest, and most luminous visible ob-ject in the heavens, the sun. See Rom. 1: 21-25 ; Eze. 8: 15, 16. g. Sunday : " So called because this day was Scene at the trial of Geo. Jacobs, accused of witchcraft unaer the I. Protestantism in Amer- church and state regime in colonial Massachusetts. ica: "During nearly all our American history the churches have influenced the States to make and improve Sabbath laws." Š Rev. W. F. Crafts, in Christian Statesman, July 3, ago. 2. Younger States of America : " In Sun-day legislation we have followed the example of the older States." 3. Older States : " In Sunday legislation and judicial decisions we have followed the ex-ample of the oldest States." 4. Oldest States : " In the matter of Sunday legislation we have followed the example of the original colonies." 5. Original Colonies : " In the matter of Sunday legislation we followed the precedents and example of old England, which had an established religion and a church-and-state system." 6. Old England : " In the matter of Sunday laws and religious legislation, they are the relics of the Catholic Church, introduced among us when that was the established anciently dedicated to the sun, or to its wor-ship."Š Webster. 10. Sun Worship : " The most ancient form of idolatry." See Job 31 :26-28. CND, and religious equality is the nat-ural birthright of every person, and is not dependent on the will of the ma-jority. The right of freedom in religion is often denied under the covert of reli-gious requirements misnamed civil obli-gations, as in the case of Sunday laws. Some people have a raging thirst for the enjoyment of liberty for members of their own cult, but are most unwilling to grant this right to others. He who cannot tolerate another's religion gen-erally has very little of his own. 