LIBERTY been regarded as efficient protectors of public morals and of social happiness." " In Georgia," says Mr. Ringgold, " the court sustained the [Sunday] law, holding that the power to make it was collected from the general powers delegated to maintain good order, etc.; which evidently confines the reasoning to a question of police. But it [the court] pro-ceeded to add: The power is a very high pre-rogative, and is supported by the principle in-volved in the preservation of the morals and duties of the citizens upon the Lord's day.' " In New York, Sunday contracts are enforce-able, although the making of them is " im-moral; " but in Alabama, in the case of Rainey v. Cuffs (22 Ala. 288), a Sunday contract was declared " void for immorality," and the object of the law was declared to be " to pre-vent vice and immorality." In Ohio, Swisher v. Williams (Wright 754, 1834), where a deed was executed on Sunday, the court declared that " both parties partook of the sin of vio-lating the Sabbath." There being, therefore, no " innocent party," the transaction had to stand, so that neither party to the " sin " might unduly profit thereby. In this case, therefore, justice was done, even though the path by which it was reached was devious. In commenting upon these and other cases, Mr. Ringgold says: " To appreciate the true significance of these citations, it must be borne in mind that the immorality," vice,' and sin' consist not in the acts done, but in the doing of them on Sunday." In other words, things not only harmless, but even useful and there-fore praiseworthy if done on any other day, become immoral if done on Sunday! Is it any wonder that writing ¥at a time when this view of such matters was practically universal, Blackstone gives " profanation of the Lord's day " as " the ninth offense against God and religion "9 Other cases might be cited, but the conclusion is already unavoidable that, as Mr. Ring-gold tersely puts it, " Sunday idleness is enforced as a religious duty in the indi-vidual." Mr. Ringgold's reasoning by which this conclusion is reached is briefly as follows: " As work on Sunday is a desecration,' and only that which is sacred can be dese-crated, and as the ascription of this qual-ity of sacredness whether to a time or a The statute of 29 Charles II has served as a model for practically all our American Sunday legis-lation. place, is altogether a matter of religious belief, it follows that, if the sacredness of Sunday is, as we are told by some judges, created [or de-clared] by the legislature, then, as already ob-served, the legislature has exercised ecclesiasti-cal functions in the passage of Sunday laws; but it is no less true that, if these laws are simply a recognition of a sanctity already be-stowed on the day by some other authority, the legislature has, in their passage, applied the civil authority to the enforcement of a religious dogma, and- to that extent identified the state with the church." That the writer we quote is right in his conclusion, is clearly shown by the fact that the English authorities are clear and decided upon this point. Referring to gunday laws, Lord Chief Justice Coke of Engiltid is quoted , thus: " It has been truly said, ' Regis, qui serviunt Christo' [Those who.prve Christ (are) of the king; that is by implication, those who serve not Christ are not loyal to the king.] " (2 List. 264.) And again: " Sabbath dies non dies juridicus,' [The Sabbath day is not a legal day.] for that ought to be consecrated to divine service." But notwithstanding the facts of the nature and origin of the Sunday institution,Ñ that it is as an institution religious and only religious, that it belongs to the church and not to the state, and that, according to the eminent au-thorities quoted, it is enforced as a " sacred " and not as a civil day,Ñ we find Sunday laws sustained in many States upon so-called " civil " grounds, as " police regulations," as creating " a holiday " rather than " a holy day," etc. This is a phase of Sunday legislation that is becoming more and more common wherever it is necessary for any reason to meet the objection that Sunday laws are not in harmony with the American principle of the total separation of church and state. This, then, is today the most prominent feature in the legal aspect of the first day of the week in this country. 