90 L.IBERT  from assembling at sound of the bell that called Catholics to service." The otherwise rather remarkably liberal cahier of the clergy of Blois laments the extension of religious liberty to Protes-tants, as well as the growing freedom of the press. Lome nie de Brienne, an archbishop though a notorious unbeliever, in ad-dressing Louis XVI at his coronation, said : " Complete the work of Louis the Great. To you is reserved the privilege of giving the final blow to Calvinism in your kingdom." This exhortation was very possibly merely official, but not so the work of clergy in Languedoc, where the bishops controlled the province. There, almost to the time of the calling of the States-General in 1789, congrega- tions were broken kip by dragoons, and Protestant ministers were hanged. Even such cahiers of the clergy in 1789 as do not lament the extension of religious freedom to Calvinists, believe the royal decree of 1788 allowing them political protection far too generous. They would at least keep Calvinists out from all judicial offices ; and Necker, when in fact at the head of the national finances, was not allowed his proper po-sition in the cabinet simply because he was a Protestant. One cause of the great popularity of Voltaire during the latter part of his life is to be found in his securing a pension for the family of the executed Protestant Calas.Š" The French Revolution," Shailer Mathews, pp. 46, 47 Sunday Baseball and the Police Power EARLY in May the District commis-sioners took action " legalizing," as the newspapers express it, Sunday base-ball in the District of Columbia. But really the District commissioners have no such authority. The District com-missioners are themselves subject first to the Constitution of the United States, and under that to the laws enacted by Congress, not subversive of the rights guaranteed by the Constitution. Of course, like all such bodies, the Dis-trict commissioners have police power; but police power is only " the power of the state, through all its agencies, both general and local, to preserve order, reg-ulate intercourse between citizens, and to insure to each the lawful enjoyment of his rights." June 7, 1816, in a letter to Francis W. Gilmer, Thomas Jefferson said : " Our legislators are not sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits of their power ; that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and du-ties, and to take none of them from us." If Mr. Jefferson were still living, he might be willing to change his statement enough to make it say that the news- papers are not sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits of the power of our legislators, etc. The term " police power is today made to cover a multitude of sins in the form of unwarranted usurpations against the natural rights of the citizens. Everybody knows that Sunday laws are purely religious in their genesis and na-ture, and yet they are sustained as a proper exercise of the police power of the state ! Under a proper exercise of their police powers the District commissioners never had any right to prohibit Sunday base-ball. The only possible grounds upon which Sunday baseball is any different from baseball on other days, is the religious character of the day itself. From the standpoint of the District com-missioners, Sunday is and can be only a civil holiday. There is no reason except the religious character of the day why baseball should be prohibited on Sunday more than on the Fourth of July. But it is entirely outside the legitimate powers of the District commissioners to prohibit anything for a religions reason. 