DANIEL IN THE LIONS' DEN 152 LIBERTY its character. An individual Christian is not so simply because of his claim to be such. It is his inner life which deter-mines his Christianity. Likewise a nation is not Christian simply because the word " Christian " is engrossed on its charter. 14. DANIEL BETRAYED BY PROFESSED FRIENDS On Oct. 27, 1799 (note the date), a large religious assembly of the Presby- terian Church in Massachusetts com- plained to President Washington that " there was no explicit acknowledgment of the only true God, and Jesus Christ whom he has sent, inserted anywhere in the Magna Charta of our country." This objection on the part of religious leaders was kept up in different parts of the country, until it finally crystal-lized into an organized opposition to the Constitution of the United States, in the year 1863. In that year an or-ganization was formed in Xenia, Ohio, which later received the name of the National Reform Association, whose policy from that time to this, as stated in Article II of its constitution, is " to secure such an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States as will . . . place all Christian laws, institu-tions, and usages of our government on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land." The Image of the Beast This organization and others of like character, supported by an alleged 17,-000,000 Christians of nearly all Protes-tant denominations, are making demands  upon legislators, State and national, for religious legislation, which, if ,enacted into law, will in effect as well as in theory unite the church and the state in this country. It will nullify the very guaranty of religious liberty for which the early Americans labored so earnestly. It will in fact be a fulfilment of the prophecy of Rev. 13: 13-17. It will be the forma-tion of " an image _to the beast." The beast " government of that prophecy was, in both primary and final analysis, a union of religion and the state in Eu-rope during the Dark Ages. It was an apostate church in league with and direct-ing a corrupt state. An " image," there-fore, would be something just like the " beast ; " that is, a union of religion and the state in America. Already these organizations have, " in the name of Christ," addressed the President of the United States, during the present admin-istration, in such terms as, We elected you," " It is our will." The sound ad-vice spoken by the United States Con-gress in 1829 is timely, and ought to be heeded by all Americans just now : Š " All religious despotism commences by com-bination and influence ; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institu- tions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the conse-quences."Š Twentieth Congress, Second Ses-sion. Let us rejoice in that we, as Amer-icans, are made free. Let us, as Chris-tians, pray that this freedom may be perpetuated. 