LIBERTY 205 The American flag stands for honor, liberty, equality, and justice. All these American immunities are denied to the man who is compelled to stand when he plays or sings the national anthem. A man can have just as much adoration for the flag if he is permitted to sit at the piano while he plays the " Star-Spangled Banner " as he can if compelled to stand and play, with the threat of being fined one hundred dollars if he sits while play-ing. Such compulsion is not calculated ls1 to inspire patriotism in American bos-oms, or adoration for a flag that has been made the symbol of oppression. This is a land that believes in freedom of wor-ship, freedom of adoration, freedom of thought, and freedom of speech. Let us have freedom to demonstrate that we love to do things from the heart. Edu-cation upon the principles involved and for which our national emblem stands, is the remedy to correct lack of respect for the flag, and not force. c. s. L. The Only State Without Religious Laws BY WILLIAM MAYHEW HEALEY CALIFORNIA is the only State in the Union that has no form of religious law. It remained six years without a Sunday law after it became a State. In 1855 it enacted a law prohibiting " all barbarous and noisy amusements on the Christian sabbath." In 1858 another law was en-acted, entitled " An Act to provide for the better observance of the Sabbath." This law forbade keeping open any store, workshop, or business house, and the sale of all goods, on " the Christian sabbath," under penalty of fifty dollars fine, or imprisonment of one day for each two dollars of fine and costs. In Sacramento, a clothing dealer named Newman was arrested under this act. The case was carried to the supreme court of the State, which declared the law unconstitutional, the same year it was enacted. The court held that " the en-forced observance of a day held sacred by one of the sects, is a discrimination in favor of that sect, and a violation of the freedom of the others." In 1861 another law was enacted sim-ilar to that of 1858. The personnel of the supreme court had changed, and a decision was obtained from it declaring the act constitutional. This law remained a " dead letter " for twenty year's. Those who wished to do so attended church on Sunday, and observed the day according  to their individual ideas of its sacredness. Others felt free to transact business, of spend the time in amusement or common labor. There was no use for the law. In 188o a law was passed making it unlawful to bake bread from 6 P. M. Saturday till 6 P. M. Sunday. The su-preme court held this was unconstitu-tional because it was " class legislation." In 1882 a religious furor for enforcing the Sunday law swept over the State. So many arrests were made, each one demanding a jury trial, that the courts were blocked; and as the juries refused to convict, the law was inoperative ex-cept as an obnoxious disturber of the peace. The sudden demand for enforcing a law that had been so long recognized as useless, was evidently aroused by the successful labors of the Sabbatarians, which had awakened much private and public discussion in the State, and re-vealed the fact that Sunday sacredness is not taught in the Holy Scriptures. A class of religionists, unable to find Bible ground for Sunday observance, seized upon the State law as a prop to support the tottering institution. The Sunday law was made a political issue in 1882. The Republican party favored its retention, and the Democrats its re-peal. The Republicans had previously 