I; !Till 11.  :I, :I 1111! K11 .11 11 11 I! 1 )1,  II 11 II 11,1 11 t TT II II LIBERTY 27 man-made sabbath, the Sunday, by work-ing seven days in the week. The reply to our question is easily found by referring to the teachings of the Papacy with reference to the com-mandments of God and the " command-ments of the church." Her command-ments are six in number. Every good Catholic, therefore, is asked to observe sixteen instead of only ten command-ments, as required by the Maker of the universe himself. The six man-made " commandments  the fourth degree of kindred, nor pri-vately without witnesses, not to solem-nize marriage at forbidden times."Š"Catholic Belief," by Rev. Faa di Bruno, D. D. (edited by Rev. Louis A. Lambert, Benziger Bros., New York), page 312. Also " Manual of Christian Doctrine," ninth edition (John Joseph McVey, pub-lisher, Philadelphia, Pa., 1909), page 236. Rome on the Authority of Her Com- mandments The following questions and answers, THE CARDINAL GIBBONS MEMORIAL HALL RECENTLY ERECTED ON THE CAMPUS OF THE CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY OF AMERICA, WASHINGTON, D. C. Reproduced from a photograph taken on Sunday, Oct. 13, 1912, while workmen were busily engaged in the completion of the edifice. of the church " are thus recorded in numerous Catholic catechisms and text-books : Š " I. To keep the Sundays and holy days of obligation holy, by hearing mass, and resting from servile works. " 2. To keep the days of fasting and abstinence appointed by the church. " 3. To go to confession at least once a year. " 4. To receive the blessed sacrament at least once a year, and that at Easter or thereabouts, as directed by the bishop of each one's diocese. " 5. To contribute to the support of our pastors. " 6. Not to marry those who are not Catholics, or who are related to us within  in the " Manual of Christian Doctrine just referred to (pages 235, 236), ex-plain Rome's claims in behalf of these " commandments of the church : "Š " Question Ir.ŠAre we obliged to keep the commandments of God alone? " Answer.ŠWe must also keep the commandments of the church. " Ques. 12.ŠHas the church the power to make commandments? " Ans.Š Yes; the church has received that power from Jesus Christ, her Founder. " Ques. 14.ŠDo the laws of the church bind in conscience? " Ans.Š Yes, even as the laws of God. " Ques. 16.ŠWhy has the church made commandments ? 