LIBERTY 43 Soon we shall see the result of this terrible evil as we do not see it now. Who will put forth a determined effort to stay the work of destruction ? As yet the contest has hardly begun. Let an army be formed to stop the sale of the drugged liquors that are making men mad. Let the danger from the liquor traffic be made plain, and a public sentiment be created that shall demand its prohibition. Let the drink-maddened men be given an opportunity to escape from their thraldom. Let the voice of the nation demand of its lawmakers that a stop be put to this infamous traffic.ŠFrom "Ministry of Healing," by Mrs. E. G. White. Claims of Anti,Prohibitionists Examined K. C. RUSSELL ONE of the stock arguments which is used by those who are championing the cause of intemperance is that prohibition does not prohibit. It seems a little strange that saloon-keepers and those engaged in other ways in the liquor traffic are opposed to prohibition, if it does not prohibit. The very fact that those who are in favor of the liquor traffic are engaged in opposing prohibition so strenuously, is strong proof that they know that prohibition does pro-hibit. All can be assured that if prohi-bition did not prohibit, the friends of the liquor cause would certainly line up on the side of prohibition. The effectiveness of prohibition has passed its experimental stage. It has been demonstrated that it does prohibit. As evidence of this fact, we refer to the States where it has been tested. It is further argued that when the state legislates against the liquor traffic, one's personal rights are invaded, the same as if the state should legislate upon religious questions. The difference between the two is broad and clear. When the state enters the realm of religion, it interferes with the rights of conscience. The state has nothing whatever to do with religious questions. Her sphere pertains to civil matters, and to these alone.  The liquor traffic comes within the realm of civil law, because it is a menace to society and life. It can, therefore, be properly prohibited by the state. In doing this, the' state is no more interfering with  individual rights than when it makes laws against theft, murder, or any other offense against civil society. A Good Creature of God DR. GUTHRIE says: ".I have heard a man with a bottle of whisky before him have the impudence and assurance to say, Every creature of God is good, Łand nothing to be refused, if it be received with thanks-giving; ' and he would try to persuade me that what was made in the still-pot was a creature of God. " In one sense it is so; but in the same sense so is arsenic, so is oil of vitriol, so is prussic acid. Think of a person tossing off a glass of vitriol, and excusing himself by saying that it is a creature of God. He wou'd not use many such, creatures, that's all I say. Whisky is good in its place. There is nothing in this world like whisky for preserving a man after he is dead. But it is one of the worst things in the world for preserving a man when be is living. If you want to keep a dead man, put him in whisky ; if you want to kill a living man, put whisky into him." " Take a Drop " " COME in, Patrick, and .take a drop of something," said one Irishman to another. " No, Mike; I'm afraid of drops ever since Tim Flaherty died." " Well, what about Tim? " " He was one of the liveliest fel!ows in these parts. But he began the drop business in Barney Shannon's saloon. It was a drop of something out of a bottle at first. But in a little while Tim took a few drops too much, and then he dropped into the gutter. He dropped his place, he dropped his coat and hat, he dropped his money; he dropped everything but his thirst for strong drink. Poor Tim ! But the worst is to come. He got crazy with drink one day and kil'ed a man. And the last time I saw him he was taking his last' drop with a slipping noose around his neck. I have quit the dropping business, Mike. I have seen too many good fellows when whisky had the drop on them. They took just a drop from the bottle, then they dropped into the gutter, and then they dropped into the grave. No rumseller can get a drop 