+,ŁŁŁ..m.4.m...m.Nm...4,MMP4141.M0 ŁŁŁŁ0104=1.0.10.0.=.04M1..=Ł04=1.4.11M.0.4=1.0.0=434Ł1Ł,...0 .11Ł.01=1.01M.44=Ni4M1401Ł04 41 i i ! 1 artigious Kihrrill N9Boriatiott i I i DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES IScriptural Basis: " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God I i the things that are God's." " The powers that be are ordained of God." I I 1. The Bible is the Word of God, and Jesus Christ the Sa tiour of the world. 2. The ten commandments are the foundation of all morality, and comprehend i Ithe whole duty of man, both to God and to man. I I 3. The religion of Jesus Christ, being founded in the love of God, needs no 1 Ł human power to support or enforce it. Love can not be forced. I 4. It is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship, or I I not to worship, according to the dictates of his own conscience, provided that in the i exercise of that right he does not interfere with the equal rights of others. I 5. Civil government is of divine origin, designed for the protection of men in the enjoyment of their natural rights. It is ordained to rule in civil things, and in I I this realm is entitled to the respectful obedience of all. I I6. The civil power is not authorized to enter the realm of religion, enacting i Ł legislation to define or to enforce any religious dogma, ritual, or observance Co-  ercion in matters of religion always means persecution. I I  I7. All religious legislation on the part of the state, and all movements tending I i to unite church and state, are subversive of human rights, persecuting in character i and opposed to the best interests of both church and state. I 8. It is proper, therefore, for all to protest against, and use every laudable and I ilegitimate means to prevent, religious legislation, or the union of church and state, 1 I in order that all may enjoy the inestimable blessings of religious liberty. I g. The warfare of modern science and modern theology upon the Word of God I is a warfare upon the liberties of men, which are defined and guaranteed by that I i Word. I Ito. The liquor traffic is a curse to the home, to society, and to the nation, and i a menace to civil order, and should be prohibited by law. ! IFor further information regarding the principles of this association, address the iReligious Liberty Association, Takoma Park. Washington, D. C. (secretary, W. W. IPrescott), or any of the affiliated organizations given below: Ši i AFFILIATED ORGANIZATIONS iAtlantic Religious Liberty Association (affil- Idaho, Montana, and Alaska): Office, College isated organizations in Maine, Vermont, Massa- Place, Wash.; secretary, W. F. Martin. chusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Connecti-cut, and Rhode Island): Office, South Lan-caster, Mass.; secretary, J. E. Jayne. ated organizations in California, Nevada, Utah. Canadian Religious Liberty Association (af- filiated organizations in New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Quebec, Ontario, and Newfoundland): and Arizona): Office. Mountain View, Cal.; Pacific Religious Liberty Association (affili-secretary, J. F. Blunt. Southeastern Religious Liberty Association i Office, Port Hope, Ontario. (affiliated organizations in Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina): Office 169 iCentral States Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Kansas, Nebraska, Bryan St., Atlanta, Ga.; secretary, C. B. Steph-1 Missouri, Colorado, and Wyoming): Office, Col- enson. lege View, Nebr.; secretary, E. T. Russell.  Southern 'Religious Liberty Association (affili- iColumbia Religious Liberty Association (af- ated organizations in Al-ibama, Kentucky, Ten- i dilated organizations in Pennsylvania, Ohio, nessee, Louisiana, and Mississippi): Office, 2123 i New Jersey, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware, 24th Ave., N., Nashville, Tenn.; secretary, and Maryland): Office, Takoma Park, D. C.; L. A. Smith. secretary, J. L. rer,:lhan- Southwestern Religious Liberty Association i Lake Religious Liberty Association (affiliated (affiliated organizations in Arkansas, Oklahoma, organizations in Michigan, Indiana. Illinois, and Texas, Wisconsin): Office, 213-215 Dean Building, 113and New Mexico): Office, Keene, Tex. ; secretary, E. E. Farnsworth. S. Lafayette St., South Bend, Ind.; secretary, Allen Moon. FOREIGN OFFICES INorthern Religious Liberty Association (affil- Australia: Office, Mizpah, Wahroonga, N. S. isated organizations in Minnesota, Iowa, North W., Australia; secretary, G. Teasdale. Dakota, and Soutn Dakota): Office, Nevada, Iowa; secretary, M. N. Campbell. Great Britain: Office, Stanborough Park, i ( iNorth Pacific Religious Liberty Association Watford, Hers, England; secretary, W. T. affiliated organizations in Oregon, Washington. Bartlett. ! i i 4.,..M.O.M.04ŁMitaM.O.D.mroo.M.O.m.-041m.olowi,em.o.."...,Ł,...,.....ammosammuto....0.11Ł111143411.41111.041m.o411Ł04.04,4441 