LIBERTY 53 provides that no inmate of a publicly controlled reformatory, penal or charitable institution, shall be deprived of the religious services of his own faith, be compelled to attend those of another faith, or have religious instruction forced upon him.'" Let every lover of civil and religious liberty in the State of Maryland send a letter to his senator and representative  in the Maryland Legislature at Annapolis, urging them to pass Bill No. 18. Hun-dreds of thousands of dollars of the pub-lic funds are appropriated annually in Maryland to institutions under the con-trol of religious societies. Let us sepa-rate the church and the state in Maryland, and keep them separated. c. S. L. ComingŠA Legalized Christian Democracy By E. F. THE tree of the knowledge of good and evil is still the rendezvous for satanic devices. Figuratively speaking, this tree has grown marvel-ously since its introduction to earthly ter-ritory. And some new branches have been added. One of these represents the principle of union of civil and religious service and duty. This branch appeared upon the tree more than fifteen hundred years ago, set in and trained by the mas-ter grafter. Upon it sits his satanic majesty, offering its deceptive fruits to the credulous Eves who wander into the fields of forbidden things. Slowly perhaps, but with considerable adroitness, the game is being played, and it will soon reach its climax. There are men who are working today with a zeal and determination never before mani-fested, for they consider the goal an ob-ject of necessity. The church, they say, has not advanced as it should. Some even argue that it has lost ground and pres- tige. More and more the conviction is strengthening that popular religions and religious institutions have become un-stable. Indeed, many attribute the pres-ent world war to this instability, and seek from earthly governments the support that is deemed necessary to uphold and preserve these institutions. Mingled with the call of patriotism from our President to make the world safe for democracy, is now heard the insistent cry of ambitious ecclesiastical demagogues that the religion of the ma-jority be made safe by legislative enact- Collier ments. " What shall be the program in religion after the war? " is the question being asked by these men. It is stated that a new religion of more stable quali-ties is needed, a religion that can unite with' a victorious democracy and as a remedial agent stretch out benign hands to heal the wounds of a suffering world. " Let Christianity, unified, and democ-racy, revivified, clasp hands," they say, " and let the principle of Christian de-mocracy be applied to the individual, the home, and the nation." Here is the up-to-date harbinger of church and state united. These well-set phrases put forth by men who are strong in piety and good works are " catchy," and cannot fail to meet a ready response in the hearts of those who long for world peace and quietness but who do not understand the way by which alone it can be secured. With such high-flung propaganda launched with psychological promptitude, it is easy to foresee the speedy fulfilment of the prophecy re-corded in the thirteenth chapter of Reve-lation. There is no denying that leaders of sabbath reform movements have been se- riously embarrassed and humiliated by the determined resistance offered to their propaganda. Unforeseen difficulties have been encountered in legislative assem- blies, enforcement of existing Sunday laws in various States has been unsatis- factory, and there is a widespread feel-ing that the necessary " widening of the legislative functions of government " can 