MAYOR WEAVER Ł LIBERTY 9 blushed at the vices which they uncovered in her ruins. Thus speaks history in answer to the question whether good government depends on the enforced observance of Sunday. Had the day been any other than Sunday, the same testimony would have been given, for the enforced observance of any religious day is inherently wrong and ruinous to both-church and state. After the fall of the em-pire, and as the civilized world came under the dom-ination of the papacy, Sun-day legislation was continued until the day was elevated to the highest degree of sacred-ness which human decrees could confer upon it; yet the world sank steadily into the night of the Dark Ages, which knew no morning until the Reformation came, as-serting the individual right of religious freedom,Š the right of the individual to think and act for himself in religious ob-servances, free from the coercion of the civil law. A Modern "Christian City" WHILE it must be admitted that no na-tion of the past has derived any perceptible benefit from Sunday legislation, and the argument that such legislation is essential to good government fails to find any support in history, it may be thought by some that Ł times have so changed that legislation which failed in the days of the Roman em-pire may under modern conditions prove a success, and that the evidence of modern times supports the claim that Sunday laws are a necessity. We invite the attention of all such to some recent history in the State of Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania has long enjoyed the " bene-fits" of a fairly rigid Sunday law, enacted in 1794, and has had within her borders also an active " Sabbath association " whose aim was to see that this law was enforced. In the year 1903 this association became very active and began a crusade in the city of Philadelphia against a large number of individuals who refused to regard Sunday as a sacred day. Not even candy, fruit, or drugs were allowed to be sold, and good government in Phil-adelphia received all the impetus that strict enforce-ment of a strict Sunday law could give it. It was stated in the Public Ledger that "two thousand per-sons have been subjected to fines and ' costs,' and the reports of recent hear-ings show that very many of them are poor women and old men, blind men and cripples, who eke out a scanty subsistence by an innocent trade that harms no one and in no way disturbs the public peace and order." The enforcement of the law was evidently about as rigid as the most ardent advocate of such a means of good government could desire. In November of that year a delegation composed of " fifty-nine ministers and lay men, headed by Rev. L. Y. Graham," waited on Mayor Weaver and offered him their congratulations. Down past dens of vice, through the streets of a metropolis that had acquired national and almost interna-tional notoriety as an example of municipal corruption, came this clerical delegation, and having reached the mayor's office, en-tered and congratulated him on being mayor of "the most Christian city in the land " ! They commended him for his zeal in be-half of Sunday enforcement, and that the good work might go on, presented to him a list of several hundred names of persons who were deemed fit subjects for further prosecutions. The mayor is quoted as re-plying that he took pleasure " in learning that Philadelphia was the most Christian city in the country," and that he was going to keep the city a Christian one. The members of this religious delegation 