What Some Others Say About Sunday Legislation C. E. HOLMES IN 1888 the first measure in the inter-est of compulsory Sunday observance was introduced into the United States Con- gress. It was commonly known as the Blair Sunday Rest Bill, and was not re- ported out of committee. Since that time there have been presented to our na-tional lawmakers nearly eighty religious measures. With few exceptions they have been disposed of without becoming laws. This kind of legislation is totally out of harmony with the spirit of American institutions. Our forefathers intended it to be so. Having struggled with state religions, they hoped to preserve their posterity from passing through like try-ing experiences. The First Amendment to the Constitution was the result. Recently, Hon. Richard Bartholdt, of Missouri, while speaking upon the floor of the House of Representatives, ex-pressed his opinion of Sunday laws : Š " I believe in a complete separation of church and state, and in this belief go so far as to assert that the daily prayers in this House, as well as all Sunday laws, are unconstitutional, because they signify a mixing of church and state. These views, although Lutheran doctrine, I hold not as a Lutheran, but as an American who reveres the Constitution. As such, too, I believe in religious freedom and religious tolerance."Š Congressional Record, Dec. 16, 1912. A few weeks later in an article in the Journal (official organ of the Knights of Labor organization) Aretas W. Thomas objected very strongly to the passage of any Sunday law for the District of Co-lumbia. His statements are so pertinent, and so manifestly in accord with relig-ious liberty principles, that I pass them along : Š " The making of any federal law which shall in the slightest degree impair the policy of the absolute separation of church and state, or tend in any way to build up ecclesiastical authority or dom- 118 ination, would be a distinct step back-ward in the evolution of human progress and liberty, and bring far-reaching dis-aster to our government and to the peo-ple of this country. " The founders of the republic fully realized the evils springing from legisla-tion pertaining to religious beliefs of any kind, and in the strongest way possible provided against the possibility of the enactment of such legislation at any time. Not content with limiting the jurisdiction of federal authority to the specific grants of power therein set forth, they further provided (so as to shut out all pos-sibility of such legislation) the First Amendment. . . . " Any proposition to pass Sunday leg-islation in the District of Columbia is a direct violation of the positive prohibi-tions of the Constitution, against the spirit of our institutions, and against the policy heretofore maintained by the fed-eral government. It is true that certain impairments of the doctrine of the entire separation of church and state have from time to time been made, such as the ap-pointment of chaplains to conduct relig-ious exercises in Congress and in our army and navy, and in the putting forth of proclamations by the chief executive of the nation providing for days of thanksgiving or of fasting, etc. It is well known that these things were strongly objected to by Jefferson and some of the other executives and states- men in the early days of the republic. They are innovations which have crept in by sufferance rather than by the ex-pressed wish or positive act of the great masses of the people, and their tolerance provides stepping-stones on which can stand those who clamor for still greater and more pronounced recognition by the federal government of religious doc-trines and ordinances, such as the de-mand that the word God be put into the federal Constitution, and that Sunday (Concluded on page 134) 