General Articles The Flag W. M. HEALEY THE use of flags is of very early date. Nations, tribes, and families were distin-guished in the early ages by some emblem on a small banner. When the children of Israel came out of Egypt each family had its banner, which was recognized by the Lord, who, in directing their camp said: " Every man of the children of Israel shall pitch by his own standard, with the ensign of their father's house." Num. 2: 2. A flag is the emblem of power and au-thority. " In the name of our God we set up our banners." Ps. 20: 5. It also repre-sents the principles and character of the party presenting it. In the early part of our Revolutionary War, the American soldiers carried a flag representing, in its center, a coiled rattle-snake ready to strike, and the words, " Don't tread on me." Another flag had  the word " LIB- ERTY " upon it. These flags indicated the char-acter of the revolutionists. Solomon speaks of God's character as repre- sented by a banner. "And his banner over me was love." Cant. 2: 4. The banners of an army are intended to show its nationality, courage, and strength. " Thou art . . . terrible as an army with banners." Cant. 6: 4. Flags of certain colors have their pecu-liar significance among all nations. A yel-low flag displayed from a ship is an indi-cation of dangerous sickness on board. A white flag expresses a desire to treat for, at least, temporary peace. A black flag is an emblem of piracy, and shows disregard for all law but force, and with the added skull and cross bones says, " We grant no liberty; we respect no one's rights." The flag of the United States of America was adopted by Act of Congress, April 4, 1817, having thirteen stripes, to represent the original thirteen colonies, and twenty stars, representing States; with a provision  in the act that one star should be added on the fourth of July following the admission of each new State. To-day this flag represents a vast terri-tory, and untold resources, possessed by a people rapidly climbing to a hundred mil-lion in number. First and highest of all the world's en-sign, this flag stands for LIBERTY,- the liberty to possess and enjoy human rights; the right of the people to make the civil laws and choose the officers that are to gov-ern the people; the right of the individual to choose the religion which is to be the faith and hope of the individual heart. Civil government is " of the people and for the people." Religion is of the individual, and for the individual. The American flag represents a government founded on these principles, which have cost many streams of blood and fountains of tears to maintain. It is not the flag but the prin-ciples for which it stands that is worthy the sacri-fice that has been made. Man may unduly adore' an emblem, and, in so doing, be false to the pur-pose and principles for which it stands. The Creator points to the starry heavens as an emblem of his creative power and work. " The heavens," he says, " declare the glory of God; and the firmament showeth his handiwork." Ps. 19: 1. But when man wor-ships the heavenly bodies, he, by that act, denies the God whose power they represent. There are those who show, teach, and try to compel great reverence for the flag, and, in so doing, violate every principle for which it stands. Colonel Glenn, of Columbus, Ohio, recently tried to compel the citizens, who were witnessing a dress parade, to re-move their hats in the presence of the flag; but by that very act of adoration and com-pulsion he was denying the principle of lib-erty for which the emblem stands. This same Colonel Glenn not long ago also endeavored to force the soldiers under his command who had been raised Roman 