LIBERTY 39 the people, and leading them toward in-credulity and indifferentism." Is it strange that a movement which is acting as a " powerful obstacle to the planting of the true Christian faith," should be hated by a church that has never hesitated to lift its hand against the lives of millions who rejected her claims, but who were powerless to escape from her grasp? It is perfectly consistent with Cathol-icism that it seeks the life of Protes-tantism. If Catholicism ever achieves its purpose, Protestantism must die. The recent incidents at the Vatican demon-strate clearly the real attitude of the Catholic hierarchy toward Protestantism. American Protestantism, with all its ramifications throughout the world, must be destroyed at any cost. Only by ac-complishing this can Catholicism hope to survive and retrieve its lost glory and do-minion. Such is its purpose. A formal plan to secure control of America was launched in the United States, in 1896, by the incorporation of the Catholic Missionary Union. Its ob-ject, as stated in its official organ, the Missionary, "is to make America domi-nantly Catholic." By making our country " dominantly Catholic," it is hoped to strike a death-blow at Protestantism and its mission work. Such a deep-laid design should awaken the Protestant world to imme-diate action. Its very life is at stake in the life of its missions. Yet many say that Catholicism to-day is not the Cathol-icism that thundered its anathemas against the Protestants of the sixteenth century. In proof of the foregoing statements, consult the report of the Third Washing-ton Conference of this organization, held at the Apostolic Mission ŁHouse, Wash-ington, D. C., where its headquarters is located. Rev. F. C. Kelley, president of Church Extension Society, speaking be-fore an audience of "over one hundred delegates, prominent among whom were the members of the Diocesan Aposto-lates, as well as the duly accredited rep- resentatives of twelve religious orders," recited the following illustration : Š " I once read of a young cadet called before a military board for examination. `If you commanded an army in the ene-my's country, and ran completely out of provisions, what would you do?' asked the old general. Promptly the an-swer came back, I would take them from the enemy, sir.' One of the many good things this Apostolate has given us is the habit of taking things from the enemy [Protestantism]. Up to date we have been taking men. There is no rea-son why we should not take ammunition as well."Š The Missionary, June, 1909, page 72. Every Protestant ought carefully to study the statements next made by Rev. Kelley : Š " Without a doubt, if American Prot-estantism were blotted off the religious map of the world, the work of the so-called Reformers of the fifteenth cen-tury, within fifty years, might well be called dead. Protestantism in the United States is a great source of missionary activity in foreign countries. . . . Prot-estantism, then, really may be said to stand or fall on American effort. " It certainly would seem to me that no further proof now is needed of the supreme importance of the American field to ourselves."Š Ib. But they have spoken even more clearly, if possible, than in the foregoing quotation. The Missionary of May, 1910, page 22, gives an extract from a letter written by a Catholic, which has the approval and praise of the editor. It confirms our strongest apprehensions concerning Rome's purpose and prop-aganda in this country. The citation reads thus: Š " It seems to me that the main support of Protestantism comes from the United States and England. The millions sub-scribed in these two countries keep Protestantism alive. . . . So far as con-verting to Christianity the heathen is concerned, it is true that the Protestant missionaries accomplish nothing, but they 