LIBERTY 13 Sunday, is the Lord's day, the sabbath. 2. That the united influence of this great combination shall be used to se-cure such legislation as may be deemed necessary for the protection of that day, and for the enforcement of at least an outward regard for it. 3. That there can be no other sabbath than the first day of the week. 4. That the observance of the sev-enth day of the week can not be regarded as the Scriptural observance of the sab-bath. 5. That it would be injurious to the cause of Christianity to admit that the Jews observe the true Sabbath. We are now prepared to understand more clearly the results which are likely to follow from this action of the Fed-eral Council of Churches, and in point- ing this out it willŁ be necessary to refer to a former period of church history. In the early part of the fourth cen- tury, steps were taken which led to a complete union of church and state, and the full development of the papacy ; and the center around which this whole movement revolved was the question of the Sabbath. First came Constantine's famous Sunday edict, in A. D. 321, in which he declared : " On the venerable day of the sun let the magistrates and people residing in cities rest, and let all workshops be closed." Next came the decision of the Council of Nice, A. D. 325, requiring that throughout the whole empire Easter should be celebrated on Sunday. In the letter from the council to the churches, the decision was com-municated in these words : Š We have also gratifying intelligence to communicate to you relative to unity of judgment on the subject of the most holy feast of Easter: for this point also has been happily settled through your prayers ; so that all the brethren in the East who have heretofore kept this fes- tival when the Jews did, will henceforth conform to the Romans and to us, and to all who from the earliest time have ob-served our period of celebrating Easter. From a letter written by the Emperor Constantine to the churches upon this same subject we take the following: Š In the first place, it seemed very un-suitable in the celebration of this sacred feast that we should follow the custom of the Jews, a people who, having im-brued their hands in a most heinous out-rage, and thus polluted their souls, are deservedly blind. . . . Let us, then, have nothing in common with this most hos-tile people, the Jews. This disposition to exalt Sunday, and to cry out against the observance of the seventh day because, it was 4pt by the Ł Jews, came to a climax in the Council of Laodicea, about 364 A. D., which enacted the following canon : Š Christians shall not Judaize and be idle on Saturday, but shall work on that day ; but the Lord's day they shall espe-cially 'honor, and, as being Christians, shall, if possible, do no work on that day. If, however, they are found Juda-izing, they shall be shut out from Christ. An appeal was made to the civil power to enforce these decisions of the church, and thus the way was opened for that union of the church with the state which effectively established the papacy. It hardly needs to be pointed out that the Federal Council of Churches is in effect repeating the history of the fourth century; and it is perfectly clear that in their action on the question of the Sabbath, first, in deciding that the first day of the week and not the seventh is the Sabbath, and second, in demanding the enforcement of the day on the part of the civil power, they are taking the steps which will lead directly to the union of church and state. In view of their refusal to adopt the resolution which would permit the observance of 