LIBERTY 17 Some Modern History Religious Legislation in America ADDRESS BY K. C. RUSSELL, OF WASHINGTON, D. C. THIS is a theme of vital importance to every citizen of this nation Š indeed, to every citizen of this world. My talk this evening will involve reference to some or-ganizations and some individuals who represent them. I wish to state at the out-set, however, that we do not come here to berate any person or any denomination. We believe that all denominations, Protestant or Catholic, contain Christians. We are dealing to-day with something that is of more importance than any organization, as such, or any individual, and that is, the principles that Underlie the government of this nation and the government of God. The Religious Liberty organization which we represent, has a constituency of nearly one hundred thousand members. Fifty or sixty years ago these people saw by the light of divine prophecy in the Scrip-tures that there was a time coming in this world's history when oppressive laws would again be enacted in this-land, when men again would be actually persecuted because of their belief in the Bible and the princi-ples enunciated in it. This idea was then scouted as incredulous and ridiculous. The fathers of this republic had founded it as a refuge for the oppressed, and such a thing seemed impossible. In harmony with the principle enunciated by Jesus Christ, " Ren-der therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's," the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States had de-clared that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The fathers of the republic saw that if men turned their backs upon these princi-ples, the only result would be persecution,Ša repetition of the old story of religious despotism. For over fifty years, as I have said, Seventh-day Adventists have seen these things coming. But not until 1863 was there any organized development for re-versing the new order of things here set up. Let us briefly trace that movement. The National Reform Association In 1863 eleven different Protestant de- nominations met in Xenia, Ohio, for the  purpose of " bringing about needed reforms in our government." The organization there formed was called the National Re-form Association, and their organ of pub-lication the Christian Statesman. The first plank in their platform, stating the object of the association, reads: Š " To secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our government upon an undenia-ble legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." Now, that may seem very innocent to a casual reader. They desire Christianity and all its moral laws placed upon a " legal basis." That is to say, that various things pertaining to religion would have to be done legally. They would have the Sunday institution, for instance, enforced as a legal affair. We have, in the history of the past, seen what a legal religion means. In the days cf Rome there was a legal religion, and church attendance, baptism, and other re-ligious rites were enforced as legal require-ments. Some people did not care to go to church and be baptized; but the law said that every man should do so and so, like a flock of sheep, they were compelled to go to the place of baptism and be baptized. To refuse meant imprisonment, confiscation of property, banishment, or worse. That was a legal baptism Š legal religion. That was putting Christian usages and institu-tions on an undeniable legal basis in the laws of the land, and carrying them out in a business-like way. But it was not Christianity. Would you like to be bap-tized in that way? Yet, let me say, that an avenue is opening up right here in the city of Boston which logically leads to exactly that kind of religion. Men have just as much right to baptize a man legally as they have to force him to keep a sabbath legally. They have just as much right to compel a man to pray the Lord's prayer legally as they have to force him to keep the Lord's day legally. There would not be much inspiration in that kind of a prayer, you may be assured, and yet that is the very idea that lies at the foundation of this legal religion and Sunday-enforcement movement. 