30  LIBERTY Win the Young Men! EVERY leader in the great cause of tem-perance, says Home Defender, owes it to the cause to enlist as many young men,Ñ and it might also have said young women,Ñ in the work as possible. We need them, it says, because of their earnestness and hopefulness and optimism. We need them because they are not afraid of work. We need them because they are bold enough to attempt things that older men believe impossible of accomplishment. We need them because it has been the spirit of youth that has led every great re-form movement. We need them because ¥a great crop of temperance workers are needed in every community, and young people who are as yet free from the toils of intemperance, lend themselves readily to this work. This is a great moral reform. While there is little danger of corrupt men com-ing to its standards, there is danger that the young men will be led astray unless ear-nest and intelligent efforts are made to en-list them early in the work. Much depends upon an early start in the right direction. John B. Gough, the great temperance lecturer, said he never felt so strong against the evil of intemperance as when he was battling against it. Therefore every effort should be made to enlist the support of clean, upright young men in every community in this great and important work. Sixteen Lost, One Saved AT a public dinner given to General Har-rison, when he was a candidate for the office of president of the United States, one of the guests, rather conspicuously, " drank to his health." The general pledged his toast by drinking water. Another gentle-man offered a toast, and said, " General, will you favor me by drinking a glass of wine ? " The general, in a very gentlemanly way, begged to be excused. He was again urged to join in a glass of wine. This was too much. He rose from his seat, and said, in the most dignified manner: Ñ " Gentlemen, I have twice refused to par-take of the wine cup. I hope that will be sufficient. Thongh you press the matter  ever so much, not a drop shall pass my lips. I made a resolve when I started in life that I would avoid strong drink. That vow I have never broken. I am one of a class of seventeen young men who graduated at col-lege together. The other sixteen members of my class now fill drunkards' graves Ñand all from the pernicious habit of wine drinking. I owe all my health, my happi-ness, and prosperity to that resolution. Would you urge me to break it now ? " The effect on the company may be im-agined.Ñ Selected. Beer or Bride, Which? AN incident which occurred in Massa-chusetts the other day, suggests the question whether a young man who thinks more of his beer than of his bride is worthy of a bride. A young couple were married at two o'clock in the afternoon. Arriving at a certain place at eight o'clock in the evening, as they were passing a hotel cafe the young man said : " I'm going in to have a glass of beer. Wait a minute, will you? " "No, I won't," responded the bride. " You take me or the beer right now." " I'll take the beer," said the young man. The bride of only six hours wheeled about, started for the Union station, leaving the young man on the spot. Sunday Closing of Saloons THE idea of closing saloons on Sunday and allowing them to remain open on other days is about on a par with the following from the Philadelphia Press:Ñ " Ha! ha! " laughed Deacon Kraft, " I sartinly did git the best o' Deacon Korntop in thet horse trade yistid'y." " Why, Uriah ! " exclaimed his wife. " Do you allow thet wuz Christian con-duct? " " Eh ? What's the matter? Yistid'y wuz'n' Sund'y." MR. W. F. CRAFTS, the ardent advocate of Sunday laws, says that " doing nothing is an apprenticeship to doing wrong." We agree; but what are Sunday laws but acts requiring men to " do nothing "? 