SENATOR GALLINGER OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, THE CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMITTEE ON THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, Who has received and laid before the Senate a very large number of remonstrances against the pro-posed Sunday legislation. General Articles A Protest Against Religious Legislation ' Gentlemen of the Committee: Š THE representatives of two classes of organizations are seeking the enactment of a Sunday law for the District of Colum-bia. They are the representatives of labor organizations and the representatives of religious organizations. I do not appear before you to op- pose the Ł proposed legislation in behalf of the first day of the week because I am not in sympathy with the desire of the laboring man for suitable periods of rest, or because I am opposed to the observance of one day in the week as a sabbath. I heart-ily sympathize with the desire of the la-boring man for rest and recreation, and am just as heartily in favor of sabbath observance. But I am compelled to en-ter protest against this proposed legis-lation, because I do not deem it the proper way to se-cure the desired rest for the laboring man nor the observ-ance of the Sabbath. On the most strained construction of the police power, the extreme limit to which the state has any right to go in the interest of the laboring man would be to forbid employers to require the continuous performance of labor for more than a cer-tain number of hours each day and a cer-tain number of days without at least one intervening day for rest. To go beyond An argument made before a United States Senate Committee, April 15, 1908, by W. W. Prescott, one of the editors of LIBERTY. this and to pass a Sunday-rest law in the attempt to lighten the burdens of the labor-ing man, is to introduce evils greater than the one for which a remedy is sought. Such a law as I have suggested has been in practical operation in the State of Cali-fornia for over fifteen years. The provis-ions of this California law are as follows: " Every person employed in any occupa-tion of labor shall be entitled to one day's rest therefrom in seven, and it shall be unlawful for any employer of labor to cause his employees, or any of them, to work more than six days in seven; pro-viding; however, that the provisions of this section shall not apply to any case of emer-gency." The provisions of the recent rest-day law in France are very similar, and provide one day's rest in seven, with-out specifying that that day of rest must be Sunday. When Lord Avebury's Sunday-closing bill was under discus-sion recently in the English House of Lords, Earl Beau-champ, speaking for the Home Secretary, said, as reported in the London Daily News, that he must call their lordships' attention to the fact that there was an in-creasing body of sentiment, especially among the trades unions, in favor of such a law as had been enacted in France, which granted to working men one rest day a week, without specifying that that day must be Sunday. That proper provision for the laboring man does not require a Sunday law is admitted even by those who are seeking Sunday laws ; thus, Rev. E. R. 