EDITORIAL MERCY and justice accompany.  liberty. OE IV ME A TRUE American is one who wants all men to enjoy what he enjoys. tV ttE RELIGION and Christianity flourished most when they met and overcame oppo-sition without the aid of the civil powers. OE IV RE A RELIGION that cannot survive honest criticism and defend itself without ap-peal to carnal weapons is a false religion. ftF  tV CIVIL and religious liberty can thrive and survive only when all citizens -are granted equal-  privileges before the law. f¥V  flf FREE speech is possible only when, without recrimination, one allows the other person to say what he wants to say. ' ME Pi THE individual who does not believe in equal liberty for his neighbor does not understand the meaning of religious liberty. SV IV GOD never intended that any man, or set of men, should enjoy special privi-leges above others; for " God is no re-specter of persons." itE IF Sunday laws do not entail persecu-tion, why are Sabbatarians arrested by the civil magistrate, indicted by the grand Jury, and put under bond to stand court trial for working on Sunday' after they have conscientiously rested on the sev-enth day, as hag recently been dor e in the State of Tennessee? THE purpose on the part of the clergy to have Sunday laws enacted and strictly enforced would seem to spring more from a desire to fill the pews than to fill the people. . IV sV A PERSON who persecutes another is bound by chains of darkness himself, and the axiom, " Whoever is wrong, the per-secutor cannot be right," should be taught to every child that has come to the age of accountability. ME ME ME DOES the American citizen enjoy the rights of conscience when he is arrested and fined for doing legitimate work on six days of each week, after resting the seventh day as God has commanded him? Must he surrender the free exer-cise of his conscience to the absolute control of another, and pay a penalty be-cause he happens to differ from his neigh-bor as to which is the proper day to observe? Yet this is what every Amer-ican citizen in the State of Tennessee is asked to do, if he happens to be a Sab-batarian instead of a Sunday-keeper. ttl IV ME ONE reason why the state should not legislate upon religious matters is that the state rules by force and by the de-cision of majorities, but in religious mat-ters the only power that should be brought to bear upon the individual is the force of conviction, and the choice of the minority is just as sacred as that of the majority. If the majority has the right to settle religious questions and force the minority to submit, then Mo-hammedanism, which exceeds Christian-ity by a majority of two hundred million adherents, would be justified in compel-ling all Christians to keep Friday as the 27 