144 LIBERTY choice of the religious sect or sects fa-voring such legislation ; for the time may come when they will change their present views on sectarian ideas and desire to change their course of conduct relative thereto, but having bound themselves by the religio-civil law they have caused to be enacted, they are compelled by its en-forcement to live thereafter contrary to their consciences, or else encounter per-secution. Sunday-rest-law enforcement had its  seven days in the week. This pagan was more considerate of the personal right of choice than are the promoters of the One - Day [Sunday] - Rest - in - Seven League, as their proposed initiative bill exempts only the dairymen. But the em-peror or state that assumes power to grant an exemption has equal right, on the least provocation, to annul it ; and then what? In this the twentieth century, the pe-riod of great enlightenment and sup- MARTYRDOM OF JOHN HUSS Huss was condemned and burned at the stake for practical dissent from the statute-intrenched religion. origin in legal religion, and has ever since held its place in that definite set-ting. Constantine, a Roman emperor, in the interest of pagan religion, issued the first Sunday enforcement rest law, in the year of our Lord 321. He said:Š "Let all judges and all city people and all tradesmen rest upon the venerable day of the sun [Sunday]. But let those dwelling in the country freely and with full liberty attend to the culture of their fields." The heathen emperor gave full liberty in his exemption to agriculturists to work  posedly ideal civilization, it is said of this our nation, one of the great nations of the world, by its chief executive, Wood-row Wilson, " America was born a Chris-tian nation."Š Pacific Christian Advo-cate, May 3, 1916. If the nation is Chris-tian, logically its citizens are ŁChristians, for the nation is composed of its citizens. If the nation is Christian, would its con-stituency have to be forced, by civil law, to rest on the Sabbath day? If it be contended that not all are Christians, therefore civil force must be used in the 