LIBERTY  125 iguaulummmu Note and Comment a  num: wa,  n  a r_ fl  in:  fi  ,wai  CHRISTIANITY is designed to save, not society, but souls. IV  SV THE mission of the church is not to reform, but to warn the world. P,  Sts No man can answer for another in the judg-ment; therefore one cannot be conscience for another. t I  SV s THE principles of our Government absolutely deny that the majority have any authority over the minority in matters of religious belief and practice. !V IV IV ALL men are directly responsible to God; hence the challenge of Romans 14: 4: " Who art thou that judgest another man's servants to his own master he standeth or falleth." THE President may appoint the last Thursday in November as Thanksgiving Day, but only individuals can be truly thankful. IV. IV !V THE true mission of the Christian is to save souls. This is his work; whatever else he does is only incidental. William Carey had the right idea when, in stating his business, he said that it was to preach the gospel, adding, " But I cobble shoes to make expenses." NATIONAL REFORMERS, and a good many peo-ple who are not so classed, and who would deny the imputation, would nevertheless make the law of God the basis of all civil legislation. But no human government is qualified even to define and expound the divine law, much less to administer it. !V tV tV. SAUL, later known as Paul, was sincere and very zealous when as a persecutor he gave his voice to condemn Stephen, and persecuted even unto strange cities every Christian he could find. But Saul was wrong. So are men wrong now who invoke civil power to enforce their views of righteousness. !!! !V Of SUNDAY is a religious institution, and every compulsory Sunday law is an effort to enforce in some degree upon all the people what a part of the people esteem a religious obligation. tL t THE mission of LIBERTY is not to oppose the church nor any legitimate work the church may undertake, but to oppose anything and every-thing that misrepresents the church and places it in a false light before men. t To say that the Puritans were narrow, bigoted, and intolerant, is not to assert that they were bad men; many a good man has made mistakes. John Calvin probably believed that in compass-ing the death of Servetus he was doing God service. t V V tV WE learn from the Baltimore (Md.) News that a decision handed down July 7, by Judge Soper in the Superior Court of that city and county, upholds the action of the Maryland Legislature in providing for a referendum vote this fall on the question of whether Sunday motion pictures will be permitted in Baltimore city. GOD'S appeal is not made to men en masse, but individually. " God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." John 3: 16. " If any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him." Rev. 3: 20. !V !V !V . THE activity of the Pastors' Association of Paterson, N. J., in behalf of Sunday enforce-ment has resulted in the formation of a Liberty League, the object of which is to labor for ,the preservation of the separation of church and state in this country and to safeguard the lib-erties guaranteed to us in State and national constitutions. !V !V IV REUNION of churches is being agitated more and more almost the whole world over. Only a few weeks ago the bishops of the Anglican Church, or in other words, the Established Church of England, issued an appeal to this end, addressed to " the orthodox churches of the East," that is, to the Greek Catholic churches and to " the great Roman communion of the West, no less than to the free churches among the Anglo-Saxon races." 