LIBERT1 119 way our King applies his law to make Christian citizens is to write that law in the heart of the believer, and not on some statute book of a government. The various reform associations in trying to make a Christian citizen by writing God's law into civil laws and enforcing obedience to such laws, have undertaken to accomplish something which only the Spirit of God can ac-complish, and that not by compulsion. We read: " Forasmuch as ye are mani-festly declared to be the epistle of Christ . . . written not with ink, but with the Spirit of the living God; not in tables of stone, but in fleshy tables of the heart." 2 Cor. 3: 3. Therefore religious legis-lation isŁa usurpation of the work of the Holy Spirit, who writes the law of God in the heart and mind, under the new covenant. The reform associations try to do a thing for sinners which the Holy Spirit would not dare to do Š even compel the unwilling to subscribe to the law of God. No amount of such juggling with God's law can make even one Christian, much less Christianize the nation or the world. Why Legislation Will Not Make Christian Citizens Under the best theocracy the world cL,uld ever have, when, in the days of Moses, God wrote his own law on tables of stone; when he spoke the same from the burning summit of Sinai, and his words rolled down the mountain like peals of loudest thunder, and the people, overwhelmed by the attending glory and majesty, agreed to keep God's law,Ševen that legislation could save only those who by faith kept the covenant. Many, after agreeing to the contract, began at once to break God's law. This shows the folly of any set of men try-ing to make Christians by law. If God could not make unconverted men and women Christian citizens, why should puny man attempt such a thing? If the whole world were compelled to subscribe to a religious civil law,Š if the Jews, who keep Saturday and do not believe in Christ ; the Mohammedans.  who believe in Mohammed and keep Fri-day; the heathen world, which worships false gods and keeps no day ; the infi-dels, who believe in no God; and many millions who make no profession, should, through coercive measures, be compelled to obey outwardly such a law,Š would it even then be supposable that all these people would be Christian citizens ? Š It is impossible. The man who causes coerced obedience in religious matters is worse than the one who is compelled to obey. Therefore all who enforce religious taws upon those who will not voluntarily be religious are as hypocritical as the ones who sacrifice belief of conscience to obey a civil law on account of the fear of man. We must remember that Christ as King in spiritual things persuades, but does not compel. Those who are his fol-lowers will do likewise. Those who are persecuted may sometimes be in the wrong, but those who are persecutors are always in the wrong. Religious leg-islation means, as it always has meant, religious persecution. Christ our King wants no help from Caesar. .Those who have the spirit of Christ will not solicit help from any earthly power. This union of churches to enact re-ligious laws and dogmas into civil law, is a denial of the great principles of the gospel of love and choice in things di-vine. It is unconstitutional and unscrip-tural and unchristian, though many in such a movement may be honest. Rev. Charles Beecher said in 1846: " The ministry of the evangelical denom-inations is not only formed, all the way up; under a tremendous pressure of hu-man fear, but they live and move and breathe in a state of things radically cor-rupt, and appealing every hour to every base element in their nature to hush up the truth and bow the knee in apostasy. Were not these the very things that went with Rome? And what do we see just ahead? Š Another general counCil; a world's convention, evangelical alliance, and universal creed... The prediction of Charles Beecher is 