4 LIBERTY me in heaven and on earth. Go ye there-fore, and make disciples of all the na-tions, baptizing them into the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit: teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you : and lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." Matt. a8: 18-20. To teach, to baptize, to make disciples of, individual men and women Š that is the church's business, as laid out for her by him who is the head of the church. That is her mission. She may say : " Lord, we found another great work which you overlooked; that is, `to secure a larger combined influence for the churches of Christ in all matters affecting the moral and social conditions of the people ; ' to `organize a force that law-breakers and lawmakers will respect,' so that ' with overtowering strength we can compel this government to take higher ground.' " We can almost hear the Sa-viour saying, " Who hath required this at your hand ? " " To obey is better than sacrifice, and to harken than the fat of rams." A Protestant Christian Nation THAT is what a National Reform speaker at the recent National Reform convention at Boston, Mass., declared the United States of America to be. The speaker was Rev. J. M. Foster, long as-sociated with that organization. We wonder how such a conclusion was ar-rived at. If there is any division of the religious element in this country whose influence is dominant above another in the affairs of the nation, whose power is catered to, and whose patronage is sought above any other, that division is the Cath-olic division. Where have our National Reform friends been during the last ten years that they have failed to hear the rumbling of the Roman chariot wheels in the national capital? Does it signify nothing that so many important Catholic  functions in Washington must be graced by the presence of our honored Presi-dent, his cabinet, military officials, and all the members of the diplomatic corps ? Does it signify nothing that the only Thanksgiving service attended by the President was that held in a Roman Cath-olic church ? We are not criticizing the President; but merely stating a fact which shows the growing influence of Rome. Is there no significance to the fact that when our government was on the point of joining England's protest against atrocities in the Kongo, the inter-vention of the American Federation of Catholic Societies changed the purpose of the government, and prevented the protest ? A "Protestant Christian na-tion," and yet prevented from protesting where a protest was so sadly needed ! This is not only not a Protestant Chris-tian nation, but it is not a Christian na-tion; first, because the Christian religion never has been adopted as the official re-ligion of this nation; and second, if it should be, the impossibility of a human government taking to itself true religion and then forcing that unforceable true re-ligion upon all its inhabitants would make the designation a misnomer in any true sense of the term. But to declare it a Protestant Christian nation is to misrep-resent it both in fact and in form. The Purpose of a Federation THERE is one federation in which every Christian must have a part, and that is, federation between himself and Jesus Christ. Any federation which in-terferes with that he must dispense with. Truly federated with Christ, it will be impossible for him to join any federation whose purpose it is to do something which Jesus Christ did not authorize. He is the head, the leader, and not the one to be led. He said : " All authority hath been given unto me in heaven and on earth." He who federates with some 