86 LIBERTY minions of oppression reveled in rapine and blood. While the, superstitious Gaul was cow-ering under the dread of the priesthood, he was living a life on the lowest possible moral plane. ' History records of the Gaul that he was singularly unchaste, many among that people living in the most revolting and incestuous concubi-nage. The German, when he became known to history, was the possessor of a purer belief than that of either the Ro-man or the Gaul. He believed in one Almighty God, or All-Father, too sacred to be represented by any likeness or en-closed in temples built with hands. These differences in belief, in custom, and in the relation between civil and re-ligious things explain to a very consider-able extent the difference in the attitude assumed by the Germanic and Gallic peo-ples toward the invading legions of Rome and toward the rule of the papal church in later years. While Caesar found formidable resistance in Gaul, and pacified certain districts only by extermi-nation of the inhabitants, he considered it good policy to treat such people as the Frisons and the Batavians in a different manner ; and while the later spiritual Romanizing of Gaul was not accom-plished without opposition, the liberty-loving, less superstitious, and therefore less debased Netherlanders made the con-quest of their country by the Papacy a battle royal. When Charles the Hammer came into the Netherlands to smite that liberty-loving people into submission to the Ro-man Catholic religion, a Frison chieftain, balking at the brink of the baptismal fount, declared that he would rather feast with his ancestors in the halls of Woden than dwell in the heaven which the Roman priest had to offer. Poppo, the son of this Frison chieftain, when he assumed the position left, vacant by his father, refused to be converted, but did not oppose the introduction of Chris-tianity among his people. But smarting under enforced allegiance to the Frank, and seeing the liberties of his people  trampled upon by an oppressive combi-natioli of church and state, Poppo re-belled. He was totally defeated, how-ever, by Charles Martel in a great battle in the year 75o, and perished with vast numbers of his liberty-loving Frisons. This battle gave a great impetus to that kind of propagation of that kind of re-ligion, miscalled Christianity. The monk Wilfred and the Anglo-Saxon Willibrod were active in the propaganda. The lat-ter destroyed the images of Woden, abol-ished his worship, and founded churches in north Holland. He was made bishop of all the Frisons. The Anglo-Saxon cleric Winfred, or Bonifacius, was an ar-dent exponent of the doctrine of force in religious affairs. In his propaganda the crozier and battle-ax went hand in hand. So zealously was this kind of evangelization carried on that by the mid-dle of the eighth century a hundred thou-sand Frisons had been slaughtered and another hundred thousand converted. Thus were the Netherlanders beaten into Christianity (so-called) by the hammer of religious oppression. The papal church was established there upon a foundation hewed out of human flesh by the sword of the conquering foreigners. The Free-Frisons, whose statute-books declared that they should " be free as long as the wind blows out of the clouds and the world stands," had seen their bravest and their best beaten to the ground with saber and battle-ax till only a remnant remained; and these, dis-heartened and dejected, were bowing in humiliation and disgrace at the altars of their foes to worship in ignorance a God whose attributes had been misrepre-sented to them in every essential, and whose name had been made to signify to them everything that was worthy of their dislike and distrust. The gospel of love had been supplanted by the dogmas of a state church, and men had the alternative of conversion or extinction. It is need-less to say that the bravest and best, scorning hypocrisy and humiliating pre-tense, had rejected that counterfeit gos-pel, and slept with their fathers. 