ROGER WILLIAMS, FLEEING FROM PERSECUTION IN MASSACHUSETTS. IS RECEIVED AND SUCCORED BY THE NARRAGANSETS LIBERTY 209 to things which do not concern the rights of others, it does just the opposite of what it was instituted to do; it invades, not protects, the rights of men. Sabbath Keeping a Religious Duty The keeping of the Sabbath is a reli-gious duty, a duty which man owes to God, and not to his fellow men. It lies, then, in the sphere of religion, and not at all within the sphere of civil government. The keeping of the Sabbath is not a civil duty. The Sabbath is not a civil rest day. It is a divine institution coming to man directly from the hands of his Creator. Jurisdictions are ob-served among the na-tions and states. Only within the confines of its own territory can a state or nation enforce its law. God has com-mitted to men the mak-ing of laws regulating the nations of the earth, but he has never committed to men the making of laws for the kingdom of God. Such laws, if man should dare to make them, would be void for want of jurisdiction. In making such laws legislatures go be-yond the power conferred upon them, and their laws are not binding. For men to legislate concerning the Sabbath, a religious institution, would be for the state to invade the realm of religion and conscience, in which it has no right and no authority; and such laws would be void, without jurisdiction, and binding upon no one. The rest of the Sabbath is not a civil rest, but a spiritual rest. For a human government to legislate on the matter of a weekly rest day is to assume the power and authority which belongs solely to God. And the state cannot rightfully com-pel its citizens to distinguish between  days of the week for religious worship without enacting religious legislation. All Sunday Laws Void All Sunday laws, then, are wrong, and are void for lack of jurisdiction. In en-acting them the state stepped out of its rightful sphere into the sphere of religion and of one's duty to his God, in which it has no right and no authority. It as-sumed the power of God to regulate the relations of men to their Creator. But it has no such power, and the laws 're-garding religion, regarding Sunday oh- servance, which it made on this wrongful assumption, are bad laws. And all such laws, including all Sunday laws, should be repealed, not enforced. Tins country owes an immense debt of gratitude to Roger Williams for the principles for which he contended and for which he suffered. His contention was that the civil magistrate had no juris-diction over offenses against God ; that civil rulers ought to concern themselves only with civil affairs, declaring and en-forcing only civil rights. It was for this that Williams was banished from Massa-chusetts to endure the rigors of winter in the forest or in the wigwams of un-tutored savages. 