24  LIBERTY The Spirit of the Gospel FRANCIS M. WILCOX THE Christian has but one model Ñ the Lord Jesus Christ. He is set forth in the sacred writings as the Great Teacher and the one perfect example. It therefore becomes proper in every relationship of life for the Christian to inquire, What would the Lord Jesus Christ do under these conditions? We can not conceive of any proper relation-ship or laudable enterprise but what the life of Jesus Christ may be considered the gage and the standard. It seems particularly appropriate that the professed representatives of the Lord, the ministers of the gospel, should take him ai their guide in their efforts to raise poor fallen humanity up to the higher life. But we fear that too often there is a failure to do this. In these times there appears to be a striking departure from old-time sim-plicity of religious teaching and gospel method. Religio-political reformers have arisen who aim at the conversion of the human family through political measures and legal enactment rather than through the methods followed by our Lord and his apostles. Like King Olaf of Norseman fame, they aim to convert the masses in one lump sum, without individual Work or individual experience. It is well for us to consider, Are these methods heaven born? Would Christ and his apostles employ some of the means which are coming into vogue in the world's attempted evangelization to-day? Indeed we find that neither Christ nor his disciples of the first century exerted any in-fluence whatever to form laws or shape leg-islation in favor of religious institutions. With unfaltering earnestness Christ re-buked the sins of the people. The classes as well as the masses were the objects of his earnest exhortation and rebuke. But in no instance do we find him appealing to Caesar or even to the Jewish Sanhedrim for the passage of any measure favorable to his work and the principles he sought to inculcate. This was equally as true of Peter and John and the others associated with Christ in his work. The apostle Paul appealed to Caesar for relief from persecu-tion; but only that he might bring the gos-pel to the royal household. In fact the idea of enforcement of relig- ious thought or principles upon the practise of the human family is entirely foreign to the spirit of the gospel. The voice of the gospel is " we beseech," " we entreat," " we exhort." It recognizes the great principle that the religion of Jesus Christ is founded upon love and not fear. The Spirit woos and wins, but never forces its way. God has made every man a free moral agent. He has clothed every one with indi-vidual autonomy. He has made every one individually accountable to him. All true worship must spring from man's own voli-tion. Christ himself recognizes this indi-viduality and moral independence of his creatures. He says, " Behold, I stand at the door, and knock : if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and sup with him, and he with me." He knocks for admission to the human heart. He enters only as the door is opened and he is bidden welcome. Every attempt to force the consciences of men, to compel surrender of the sinner against his will, is a direct violation of this great principle of liberty which God bestowed upon every one of his creatures. God has placed a great convincing, com-pelling power within the reach of his church. This is not the civil arm nor the political machine. It is the power of the Spirit of God. Clothed with this power the church is able to go forth and meet every obstacle, and conquer every evil. Be-fore it the hardest hearts will melt and the fiercest natures quail. With this power in its midst, the church of God has no need of civil enactments. In its presence they appear as childish baubles, crude and material things, of the earth, earthy. It is only when the church of God is robbed of this power by its own depar-ture from the truth that it has sought civil interference in religious matters. Let the moral reformers of to-day for-sake their political methods, and take hold of the arm of power which is afforded them by their Redeemer, and we shall see wrought in the world's evangelization to-day as great miracles as were wroeght on the day of Pentecost. It is " not by might nor by power; but by my spirit," the Lord says men are to be converted and his king-dom advanced. We need the old-time evan-gelism. We need the old-time spirit which possessed Moses and Elijah and Peter and 