8 LIBERTY " I was ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way: because we had spoken unto the king, saying, The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him." Ezra 8: 22. a manner as to `interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as holy time.' " The question for consideration is whether the plaintiffs in error come within the ex-ception of the statute which gives to those who do `servile labor on the first day of the week' the right to set up their religion as a defense. Legislative Intent of Exception " From a logical standpoint, what is it that the law wishes to except? Is it the `servile JUDGE SIMMONS labor,' or is it the ' religion ' of the accused? Evidently it is the religion. " I do not know when the different sections of the Sunday law of your State were passed, but I do know that all of these sections are kindred legislation, and pertain to the same subject matter, and under the established rule of construction they should be construed in pari materia. "If they are thus construed, the court will look upon all of the sections of this law as if  they were passed at the same time. If that is the case, then it is evident that it was the legislative intent to allow those who ' uni-formly keep another day of the week as hol) time' to set up their religion as a justifiable defense. This defense should be allowed it respective of the kind of labor performed It would be an absurdity to hold that the legislature intended only to except those who perform ' servile labor.' Should the court take this position, the statute would be sub-ject to the constitutional question of class legislation and would be void. " By giving the statute a liberal construc-tion, and by applying the religious defense to all the sections of the statute, where it can be consistently done, all classes of religionists in this commonwealth will have their liberty of conscience. Oklahoma Grants Broad Toleration " When we consider the liberal constitutional guaranty of this State, which provides that, Perfect toleration of religious sentiment shall be secured, and no inhabitant of this State shall ever be molested in person or property on account of his or her mode of religion,  worship ; ' and when we consider that Okla-homa has a law which forbids any one from maliciously procuring ' any process in a civil action to be served on Saturday upon any per-son who keeps Saturday as holy time ; ' and when we further consider that criminal stat-utes are strictly construed, while their ex-ceptions and provisos are liberally construed. it certainly will do no violence to the law under consideration for this exception to apply to all the sections of the law, and not to limit it simply to that provision pertaining to those who do ' servile labor.' " Should the law be subject to such a re-stricted construction simply because subsequent sessions of the Legislature, that added the different sections, had neglected to incor-porate in them the exception in favor of those who conscientiously keep another day for the Sabbath? " As previously stated, it is a crime for any one to have a process served on Saturday on one who keeps that day as holy time. " Consider together that law and the ex-ception in Sec. 2406 and it is evident that it was the legislative intent to except those people " Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence." John 18: 36. 