14 LIBERTY to the poor than that they should spend it in dissipation : uninterrupted toil is not so debasing to the body, mind, estate, or character. Dr. Albert Barnes says, on this ques-tion, in his " Pra:cotical Sermons : "Š If the Sabbath is not regarded as holy time, it will be regarded as pastime ; if not a day sacred to devotion, it will be a day of recreation, of pleasure, of licen-tiousness. Rev. W. F. Berry, secretary of the A Christian Feature Expressed AN influential Christian body in this land has long and earnestly sought to have nationalized or established in " the fundamental law of the land " certain " existing Christian features," such as Thanksgiving, Sunday-keeping, etc.; and has pleaded and still pleads that this is necessary to the welfare of the nation, of the individual Christian, and essential WASHINGTON (S. D. A.) SANITARIUM, TAKOMA PARK, D. C. Civic League of the State of Maine, says: Š The general cessation of industrial toil on Sunday makes it a specially favorable day for greed and selfish pleasure. They eagerly seize it, and crowd it with every amusement that promises to serve their ends. They rob the day of its blessings, and make it largely a physical, moral, and, as a result, a civic curse. Men and women return to their toil on Monday with a physical system depressed below its Saturday level, and with a lighter re-gard for the law both of God and man. The Sabbath can be properly observed only by those who are truly converted to God. K. C. R. to the full establishment of the kingdom of Christ among the people. It is the firm and unyielding conviction of the publishers of this magazine that there is no such necessity; that whenever an at-tempt is made to transform gospel prin-ciples into human laws, the interests of true religion are jeopardized; that re-ligion is something which can not be leg-islated into men; that the establishment of the everlasting kingdom of righteous-ness is governed by its own law, and can not be advanced by human legislation; that the conversion of individual souls is the business of the church, and not the 