CITY HALL, GUTHRIE, OKLA. A progressive city in a progressive State. LIPERDY 7 " Gallio said unto the Jews, If it were a matter of wrong or wicked lewdness, 0 ye Jews, reason would that I should bear with you: but if it be a question of words and names, and of your law, look ye to it; for I will be no judge of such matters. And he drave them from the judgment seat." Acts 18: 14-16. violation of this prohibition is Sabbath break-ing.' " The indictment charges that the plaintiffs in error on Sunday the loth day of June, A. D. 1915, did knowingly, willingly, unlawfully, intentionally, and publicly expose for sale cer-tain merchandise therein mentioned. No Offense at Common Law " At common law it is not an offense or a crime to sell mer-chandise on Sun-day. In order for the indictment to legally define and identify the of-fense complained against, it should not only allege that the plaintiffs in error on a cer-tain Sunday ex-posed merchandise for sale, but it should further state that such an act was ' deemed useless and seri-ous interruption of the repose and re-ligious liberty of t h e community.' This the indict-ment has failed to do. " W e contend that under this Sunday law it is not a crime simply to expose on Sun-day merchandise for sale. It must be alleged in the indictment, and it must be proved at the trial, that such an exposure of merchandise for sale, on the day prohibited, was not only ' useless,' but that it was a ' serious interruption of the repose and religious liberty of the community.' Not Guilty, Because of Exemption " The plaintiffs in error are not guilty, be- cause they rightfully come within the ex-ception of the statute. " Section 2406 of the Harris & Day Code, brief, page 15, reads as follows : Š " ' Persons observing another day as holy. It is sufficient defense in proceedings for ser-vile labor on the first day of the week, to show that the accused uniformly keeps another day of the week as holy time, and does not labor upon that day, and that the labor complained of was done in such a manner as not to inter-rupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as holy time.' " The record shows that the plaintiffs in error ' uniformly keep another day of the week as holy time.' There is no evidence to show that the labor complained of was done in such " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. . . . The word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." John 12:47,  48. 