38 LIBERTY Glares that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." Concerning this negative provision, Dr. Philip Schaff says : " The framers of the Constitution, remembering the persecution of dissenters and non-conformists in the mother country and in several American colonies, cut the poisonous tree of perse-cution by the root, and substituted for spe-cific religious tests a simple oath or solemn affirmation."Š "Church and State," page 22. We believe, however, that this clause has a wider application than this. Judge Joseph Story, an able expounder of the Constitution, says : " This clause is not introduced merely for the purpose of satis-fying the scruples of many respectable per-sons who feel an invincible repugnance to any religious test or affirmation. It had a higher object,Š to cut off forever any pretense of any alliance between church and state in the national government. The framers of the Constitution were fully sensible of the dangers from this source, marked out in the' history of other ages and countries, and not wholly unknown to our own. They knew that bigotry was unceasingly vigilant in its strategems to secure to itself an exclusive ascendency over the human mind, and that intolerance was ever ready to arm itself with all the terrors of the civil power to exterminate those who doubted its dogmas or resisted its infallibility."Š" Commentaries on the Constitution of the United States," Boston, 1833, page 69o. More important, however, than this clause is the first amendment to the Con-stitution, which provides that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." This amendment has been called the Magna Charta of religious freedom in the United States. It separates at a stroke between the church and the state, and takes from the church the right to use secular power for the furtherance of her ends. George Bancroft well says : Š " Vindicating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea. It left the management of temporal things  to the temporal power; but the American Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several States, withheld from the federal government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of con-science, the sanctuary of the soul; and not from indifference, but that the infinite Spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity and power."Š"History of the Formation of the Constitution of the United States of America," New York, 1882, Vol. II, page 326. By this provision of the federal Consti-tution, the law-making power of our nation is prohibited from enacting any law touch-ing religion. Deciding religious contro-versies and enforcing religious dogmas are not within the proper sphere of the national government. For this reason we are un-alterably opposed to all religious legislation by our national legislature upon the Sab-bath question. The observance of a day of rest is a religious act. It is a duty between the individual and God, and this duty can be directed only by " reason and conviction, not by force or violence." As a free people, we should view with alarm the fact that Congress is continually besieged with petitions requesting the en-actment of laws favoring the observance of Sunday. Sunday is not a civil, but a relig-ious, institution, and is therefore beyond the purview of the civil power. Let Con-gress legislate but once upon the question, and the step will be followed by disastrous consequences. " Let the national legisla-ture once perform an act which involves the decision of a religious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then be established, and the foundation laid for the usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge of the fairest portions of the Old World."ŠSenate Report, 1829. National Reformers have sought to dis-parage the Constitution by claiming it to be a godless document, in that it does not contain the name of God ; and amendments have been urged to remedy this so-called defect. But this omission is a wise one. Concerning religion, the supreme law is silent, and it should be, being neither hos-tile nor friendly to any religion. On this point Schaff well says : Š " The absence of the names of God and Christ, in a purely political and legal docu- 