LIBERTY 47 rusalem which is above and ] is free, which is the mother of us all." When the earthly Jerusalem enjoyed the favor of God, she likewise enjoyed the favor of men. Jerusalem had been honored of God above all the cities of earth. He had " chosen " Jerusalem and " desired it for his habitation." Upon Mount Moriah God required Abraham to offer his only son Isaac, the child of promise, as typical of God's sacrifice of his only begotten Son on Mount Calvary. Upon that identical spot David made his great sacrifice to stay the avenging wrath of God upon Israel; and later, by divine direction, Solomon his son was in-structed to erect the temple of the living God upon this hallowed mount. The ground was sanctified, and it was said: " Jerusalem shall be called The city of truth; and the mountain of Jehovah of hosts, The holy mountain." Zech. 8: 3, A. R. V. For many centuries Jerusalem stood as " the perfection of beauty " and " the joy of the whole earth." Its temple was the house of the God of heaven, which was erected on the identical spot where rested the base of that mystic ladder that Jacob saw Š that ladder upon which an-gels of God descended and ascended, and which connected earth with heaven, and man with God. Had Israel, as a nation, preserved the truth of God and her loyalty to Heaven, Jerusalem would have stood for-ever, and the throne of David would never have been without a reigning king. But the history of that once-favored peo-ple was a record of repeated and contin- ual backsliding and rebellion. Its rulers and priests were opulent, arrogant, op-pressive, and intolerant. They loved to take advantage of their weaker and poorer brethren. There was none to ad-vocate the cause of the poor and op- pressed. Truth, liberty, and justice were " turned away backward," and equity could not enter. According to the divine record, God would have saved his chosen people and city from utter ruin, but all his en- treaties were ignored and his offers of mercy rejected. Israel " mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and misused his prophets ; " andŁ finally, says Peter, they " killed the Prince of life, whom God bath raised from the dead; whereof we are wit-nesses." The divine record is that Jesus, the Son of God, " beheld the city, and wept over it," because of its doom and the blindness and impenitence of those whom he came to bless and save. As he looked upon Jerusalem, he presaged its utter desolation, " that all things which are written may be fulfilled." Its inhab-itants, said he, " shall fall by the edge of the sword, and shall be led away captive into all nations: and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled." Luke 21 : 22-24. Some have inferred from this latter statement that Christ intended eventu-ally to restore old Jerusalem to the Jews again, gather the Jewish people that are scattered throughout all nations, and re-establish them in Palestine as a nation, with Jerusalem as their center and seat of government. But the New Testament is as silent as the tomb concerning any such prospects. If such a promise was ever made concerning the restoration of their land and city to the Jews exclu-sively, it will have to be found in the Old Testament. What the Old Testament Teaches Nearly two thousand years before Christ, we find Melchizedek, king of Salem (later Jerusalem) and priest of the Most High God, meeting Abraham after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer, and of the other kings that were with him; and Melchizedek blessed Abraham, while Abraham paid him a tithe of all the spoils. Later on Salem came under Egyptian and Baby-lonian suzerainty, until the Jebusites made themselves masters of this ancient city. Jerusalem was first conquered from the Jebusites by David, about MOO B. c. 