LIBERTY 71 There is not a precept in the New Testament to compel, by civil law, any man who is not a Christian to pay any regard to the Lord's day, more than any other day. Š Alexander Campbell. The first Sunday law, the edict of the em-peror Constantine, was the product of that pa-gan conception, developed by the Romans, which made religion a part of the state. The day was to be venerated as a religious duty owed to the god of the sun. . . . Evidently Con-stantine was still something of a heathen. As late as the year 409, two rescripts of the em-perors, Honorius and Theodosius, indicate that Christians then still generally observed the Sabbath [Saturday, not Sunday]."ŠJudge Clarke of North Carolina Supreme Court, N. C., Vol. CXXXIV, p. 508. " That very day was the Sunday of their heathen neighbors and respective countrymen, and patriotism gladly united with expediency in making it at once their Lord's day and their sabbath."Š North British Review, Vol. XVIII, 409. " It was the aim of Constantine to make theology a branch of politics; it was the hope of every bishop in the empire to make politics a branch of theology." " The unavoidable con-sequences were a union between the church and the state."Š Draper's " Intellectual Devel-oment of Europe," chaps. 9, 10. Constantine established Christianity as the religion of the empire, and Sunday by law became the day of rest. What were the results? These: Š " Contemporaneously with the establishment [of Christianity as the religion of the empire] was the progress of a great and general corrup-tion which had arisen two centuries before. Superstition and ignorance invested the eccle-siastics with a power which they exerted to their own aggrandizement."Š White's Univer-sal History, p. 156. "As the church grew in numbers and wealth, costly edifices were constructed for worship.. The services became more elaborate. . . . Sculpture and painting were enlisted in the work of providing aids to devotion. Relics of saints and martyrs were cherished as sacred possessions. Religious observances were mul-tiplied ; and the church, under the Christian emperors, with its array of clergy and of im-posing ceremonies, assumed much of the state-liness and visible splendor that had belonged to the heathen system which it had sup-planted."ŠFisher's "Outlines of Universal History," p. 193. " Some join us from desire of maintenance, some for preferment: . . . nothing is so rare as a real lover of truth."Š The Emperor at Council of Nice to Bishops; Stanley's " Lec-tures on History of the Eastern Church," lee.  5, par. 13 from end. " The people of God are dispersed by the abounding immoralities and heresies of the day, while no good shepherd appears, to lay down his life for the sheep."ŠJerome (A. D. 40o). " No language can describe the angry con-tentions of Christians and the corruption of CONSTANTINE, AUTHOR OF THE FIRST SUNDAY LAW morals that prevailed from the time of Con-stantine to that of Theodosius."ŠChrysostom (A. D. 347-407),  Homily on St. Matthew. Salvianus, of the fifth century, wrote : " How many may one meet, even in the church, who are not still drunkards, or deb-auchees, or adulterers, or fornicators, or rob-bers, or murderers, or the like, or all these at once, without end? . . . If the Saxon is wild, The magistrate has no right to punish a breach of the Sabbath, nor any other offense that is a breach of the first table [of the decalogue].Š Roger Williams, in ".Memoirs of Williams," page 45. 