18 LIBERTY reigning as a temporal king was so re-pugnant to him that he not only dis-claimed any relation to the kingdoms of this world, but even ran away to a moun-tain to escape being made king. For Jesus now to accept of a kingship in this world would be a complete reversal of both the precept and example that he gave when on earth, and this could not be : for he is " the same yesterday, and to-day, and forever." In view of these facts recorded by the pen of inspiration, it is demonstrated that those who are so vigorously advo-cating the enthronement of Christ as a ruler of nations in this world, are cham-pions of a proposition that is antichris-tian, as well as opposed to the fundamen-tal principles of civil government. K. C. R. A Centennial A Century's Noble Record By Congress, Refuses for a Hundred Years to Enact a Sunday Law IT was in 1811, just a hundred years ago, that the first effort was made by some overzealous, misguided religionists to urge Congress to enact a Sunday law. But through all these years, up to Jan. 1, 1911, to the glory and honor of our na-tional Legislature, one of the most dis-tinguished lawmaking bodies in the world, it has never yielded to the in-sistent demands and the persistent pres-sure which have been brought to bear upon it to enact a Sunday law. Perhaps one of the most effective blows against this proposed legislation was the famous Sunday Mail Reports, which were presented to Congress by Hon. Richard M. Johnson in 1829 and 1830 in opposition to a demand for legis-lation prohibiting the transportation of the mails on Sunday. This report suc-ceeded in holding in check for many years the almost overwhelming demand for Sunday legislation. The following are  a few significant selections from these famous reports that indicate their nature. The first one is concerning those who pe-titioned Congress for a Sunday law : Š " The petitioners for its discontinuance [the sending of mails on Sunday] ap-pear to be actuated by a religious zeal which may be commendable if confined to its proper sphere, but they assume a position better suited to an ecclesiastical than a civil institution." "Among all the religious persecutions with which almost every page of modern history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government denominated the law of God." " If Congress shall, by the authority of law, sanction the measure recom-mended [which would prohibit the Sun-day mail service], it would constitute a legislative decision of a religious contro-versy in which even Christians them-selves are at issue." (The controversy over which day of the week is the sab-bath.) " However satisfactory this may be to an ecclesiastical council, it is incompatible with a republican legislature which is purely for political and not for religious purposes." . " If the measure recommended should be adopted, it would be difficult for hu-man sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the succession or how numerous the train of measures which would follow, involving the dearest rights of all Š the rights of conscience." The foregoing weighty observations require no comment, for they must strongly appeal to the intelligence of all who read them, indicating clearly the dangers that are threatened by legisla-tion of the character named. One of the stock arguments of the Sunday-law ad-vocates of more modern times as to why Congress should enact a Sunday law, is that a powerful influence for good would thus go forth from the nation's capital to every State in the Union, and to other lands as well. The facts are, however, that the influence exerted by Congress thus far in refusing to yield to such de-mands. is infinitely greater in the ac- 