20( LIBERTY dominated the politics of the State, carry-ing the election of 1879 by a majority of 20,319. But the people were opposed to enforcing religion, and elected a Dem-ocratic governor by 21,050 majority. The second act of the legislature of 1883 was the repeal of the Sunday law. Since that time the legislature has repeatedly refused to enact a Sunday law, and the people rejected it in 1914 by a direct majority vote of over 161,000. An effort was made in 1893 to obtain  threw off their disguise, disclosing the fact that they wanted the " one day " to be Sunday, and no other, and instead of granting laborers a chance to rest, they wanted every one to be compelled to rest, so far as possible. During the twenty-three years that this law has been on the statute books of the State, many piteous wails have gone up from the Sunday-law advocates that barbers, butchers, and others are compelled, by their employers, to toil CALIFORNIA STATE CAPITOL. SACRAMENTO a Sunday law under the disguise of a " one day of rest in seven " for the labor-ing classes, declaring it to be wholly sec-ular, with nothing religious about it. They were taken at their word, and a bill was prepared requiring all employers of labor to permit their employees to have one day of rest in seven. As this meas-ure did not specify any particular clay, nor compel any one to rest who did not choose to do so, but merely provided the opportunity for those who wished it, no opposition was made to its passage, ex-cept by the Sunday-law advocates, who  seven days in the week, and for their sakes the State should have a Sunday law. The State has for twenty-three years made provision for these classes to have a weekly rest day with no reli-gious halo about it, so far as the State is concerned, but leaving the individual free to add it for himself if he so desires. In all these years these suffering peo-ple( ?) have not applied for their right to a day of rest, granted them under this law. There is but one legitimate conclusion to draw from all this, and that is, that it is not the need of a rest 