84  LIBERTY ideas of religion ; but Christ is ever show-ing mercy, ever seeking to win by the revealing of his love. He can admit no rival in the soul, nor accept of partial service ; but he desires only voluntary service, the willing surrender of the heart under the constraint of love. There can be no more conclusive evi-dence that we possess the spirit of Satan than the disposition to hurt and destroy those who do not appreciate our work, or who act contrary to our ideas." Should any one think that there is no reason for alarm because of the existence of Sunday laws, let him consider the fact that in eleven years, from 1885-96, under the administration of Sunday laws which¥ took place, over one hundred con-scientious, God-fearing Seventh-day Ad-ventists in the United States, besides some  thirty ,in foreign countries, were prose-cuted for doing quiet work on Sunday, resulting in fines and costs amounting to $2,269.69, and imprisonment totaling 1,438 days, and 455 days served in the chain gang. In at least fifteen States prosecutions of this kind have taken place. Even during the last few months Christians have been arrested in the State of Tennessee for doing quiet labor on the first day of the week, after they had conscientiously observed the seventh day according to the commandment. In view of all these facts and many more that might be cited, is it not high time for every liberty-loving citizen to exert a most vigorous and decided influ-ence for the conservation of his natural and God-given rights ? South Lancaster, Mass. Christian Civil Government an Anomaly L. A. SMITH GOD deals with individuals directly, and with organizations through the indi-viduals composing them. In God's view, which is the only true view, the indi-vidual comes first, and all other things are of subordinate consequence. God did not first create a state and then make individuals to fit it ; he made man, and man created the state for his own needs. And the Declaration of Independence is right in asserting that human govern-ments exist for the purpose of preserv-ing the inalienable rights with which all men have been endowed by their Cre-ator, which rights are individual rights. In other words, the state was created to serve man, and not man to serve the state. This may not be the doctrine of kings, but it is, as stated, the only view which accords to man the position of preeminence assigned to him by his Cre-ator. Why is man of so much account in the sight of God ? The answer is that man is created in the image of God. The value of man in the sight of his Creator can be estimated only in the light of the  cross of Calvary. The infinite price there paid for man's redemption testifies that man, the individual, is of incompa-rably greater importance than anything else on earth. The death of Christ on the cross was not to save any government these at best will exist but temporarily, and all of them, good and bad alike, will pass away at the sounding of the Arch-angel's trump ; but the beings rescued by the sacrifice of Calvary will live eter-nally. Man, and man only of all earthly things, will be deemed worthy of im-mortality. The conditions of salvation are that a person shall believe and be baptized. This fits the case of the individual, but it cannot be applied to governments. Mark 16: 16. The salvation that comes through the gospel is eternal salvation, and can have no reference to things which are of limited duration. We have said that there can be no such thing as Christian civil government. There was in ancient times a theocracy, when God spoke to Moses, and Moses was the mouthpiece of God to the people. 