LIBERTY Ili  would, they might, " in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, sub-due it, and set up a government of their own." This spirit of intolerance has been a prominent National Reform feature all these years. At this June convention one speaker said : " I cannot be a Chris-tian until the world is Christian." These National Reformers seem to be obsessed with the idea that the individual cannot be saved until the whole nation makes a legal acknowledgment of its belief in the one God and Lord, Jesus Christ. But what is gained by making such a legal acknowledgment Does not Satan do as much ? James says: " Thou believest that there is one God; thou doest well: the devils also believe, and tremble." A legal acknowledgment of the Chris-tian religion by a government does hot make its citizens Christians. It does not change the heart, save the unsaved, im-part a single virtue, or gain prestige with the King of righteousness. We are saved as individuals through our own faith, and not collectively as nations through the decrees of civil rulers. One of the National Reformers said : " The National Reform Association does not aim at the individual, but at the na-tion. Its specific purpose is to bring the whole people, not as so many individuals but as one organized body, being a liv-ing, active, moral person, to confess the Lord Jesus Christ as King." But such was not the object of the great commission given by Christ to his disciples. Christ did not begin his work by reforming nations, but by working personally with individuals, calling them one by one. Jesus did not say to his dis-ciples: " Tarry ye in the city of Jerusa-lem, until ye be endued with power from below," but, " Tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high." He did not say: " Ye shall receive power after that the state unites with you and incorporates all my laws and doctrines into civil stat-utes, and enforces them through the power of the civil magistrate." No. But  he said : " Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me." Christ is still the head of the church militant, and all the life and power that is required to finish his work on earth comes from him. What the church needs today is not a union with the state, but a union with God. The church needs the same power of the Holy Spirit as the primitive church possessed. It is only when the church has lost this power, when her strength to wield " the sword of the Spirit " has been paralyzed by sin and worldliness, when her political fornica-tions have divorced her from Christ, that she clamors for " confederacy," appeals to the state for aid, and seeks to lay hold of the sword of Caesar to accomplish the work that can be done only through the power of the Holy Spirit. " Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zech. 4: 6. tif 111 Compulsory Sunday Observance Agitation in California CALIFORNIA has several times re-pudiated her Sunday laws,Š once by the decision of the supreme court, once by repeal by the legislature, and twice by the people on an appeal to the referendum. The last time the people voted against a State Sunday law on the referendum plan, they turned down the proposition of compulsory Sunday observance by a majority vote of 168,-211. The Lord's Day Alliance, the National Reform Association, and the Church Federation of California are determined to override the decision of the great ma-jority of the voters in California. What they are unable to obtain by the consent of the governed, they are determined to force through the city and town councils, where a few men hold sway. The Christian Statesman, the official organ of the National Reform Assoeia- 