Review & Herald Pub. Assn., Washington, D. C. rzareacet;  ortrarasearameE    0510FAIMMEIGEGROMMEGFA 0 0 0 "American State Papers" A 0 r No Other Book Like It in the United States No other] contains so much matter upon this subject. It is virtually eight books in one. Every American should read IT. Eight hundred pages. Cloth binding. Price, only . $1.25 India paper edition, flexible leather binding 2.50   Snarl -7/     0 a a Bearing on Sunday Legislation. New, Revised, and Enlarged Edition Now Ready COMPILATION of rare and valuable documents on religious legis-lation, which have appeared at various times during our colonial and national history, showing, by plainest principles of deduction, the attitude civil government should sustain toward such legislation. It is one of the most interesting books on the subject published, and invaluable to a correct solution of some of the most vital questions now confronting men in both political and religious life. It presents, in their own words, the ideas of the founders of the American government upon the great question of the proper relation of church and state. The book is divided into eight parts, besides an appendix, as follows: Š PART I deals with the Colonial period. In this are given numerous ex-amples of the Sunday laws of all the early American colonies; a sketch of Roger Williams; and the claims of Rhode Island to its being the earliest civil government founded upon the principle first enunciated by Jesus ChristŠcomplete separation of church and state. PARTS II AND III contain, in documentary form, a history of the devel-opment of this principle during the Federation and National periods. In these are found some of the most profound utterances to which American minds have given expression Š veritable masterpieces of English and sound logic Š bearing on the rights of conscience and the province and limits of civil authority; Patrick Henry's great speech; history of Liberty Bell; full text of the famous Sunday Mail Reports of 1829 and 183o; history of the National Reform Association; Sunday legislation in California; the Blair, Breckinridge, and other Sunday Rest bills; Sunday closing of expositions; memorials to Con-gress; and a list of all the religious measures introduced into Congress since 1888. ' PART IV contains important Court Decisions relating to Sunday laws and religious instruction in the public schools, including the Supreme Court " Christian nation " decision of 1892. PART V is entitled " State Constitutions and Sunday Laws." PART VI deals with the Operation of Sunday laws in the United States, narrating about one hundred prosecutions under these laws. PART VII is entitled " Sunday Laws Before the Bar of Reason; " and Š PART VIII presents, in brief, the History of Sunday Legislation from Constantine to the present time. In the appendix will be found the Declara-tion of Independence; the Constitution of the United States; terse arguments on precedent and the constitutionality of Sunday laws; Senator Heyburn's speech in the United States Senate, May 26, 1911, against the Johnston Sunday bill; and gems from noted men and well-known authors. 