152 LIBERTY Church of Rome welcomed as a most beautiful sign the rising anger of the na-tions, which, even in that early day, he saw preparing the way for a fearful struggle. To him it was a thing to be welcomed, as he believed it was certain to bring the restoration of the Vicar of Jesus Christ to " his own rightful place." Again : it was prophesied by a noted archbishop that the time for renewing the attempt to put the papal principles of government into operation would Š arrive when this rapid and ceaseless movement, political and social, going on under our eyes and making us daily spectators of great and often unlooked-for events, shall have reached its ultimate period, to which will certainly suc-ceed (unless the last days succeed) an entirely new era in the history of the human species. When that day comes, I know not what por-tion of the old institutions will remain stand-ing, but sure I am that one of them will have survived, though peradventure externally bruised and lacerated. She alone will be mis-tress of the field that day, and the princes (if indeed the sound of that name will still be heard), but certainly the nations, having then, after a long and cruel experience, made up their minds that out of her there is no well-being, either in this life or beyond the tomb, will demand from her the laws of tranquil re-pose, together with the earnest of eternal hap-piness.Š The Archbishop of Florence, cited by  Arthur, in "The Pope, the Kings, and the People," page 349- Does Eurcpe Want Papal Domination? There is no mistaking the meaning of this prophecy. Rome has been proph-esying and looking for a mighty war these many years ; and she has consist-ently taught that when that war came, all the old institutions of the world, save herself, would be dissolved in the great crucible of world-shaking events, and then she would once more " sit a queen " and be " no widow." Then again the infallible Pope would be the spiritual David,Š the one shepherd of the one fold, shepherd with sling as well as pipe, shepherd with sword as well as with crook,Š and would reign over the kings of the earth. Therefore, in closing, I ask again, Do the nations of Europe want the old order of events restored? If they do, the way will be opened by the making of peace by the Pope; for as surely as the Pope of Rome is the mediator between the na-tions, he and the curia will inaugurate again the precepts and practices of the Middle Ages. Nashville, Tenn. tV Freedom of the PressŠWill Congress Abridge It? CLAUDE E. HOLMES WILL our national lawmakers nullify that part of the First Amendment to the Constitution which declares that " Con-gress shall make no law ... abridging the freedom . . . of the press "? Will they suppress papers and magazines merely because they are objected to by a portion of our population? Will they set up an autocratic censorship of the press, to meddle with the rights of publishers? Will they ignore the teachings of history which prove that " however firmly liberty may be established in any country, it can-not long subsist if the channels of infor-mation be stopped " ? These questions will have to be an-swered by our national Congress at its next session, if the threats of certain members of that body are carried out. As will be remembered, bills were intro-duced in the House of Representatives last session that would give tO the Post-master-General power to exclude from the mails publications that criticize the religious denomination of the Congress-men who proposed them. These meas-ures died in committee, but it was de-clared that they would be pushed to the front again at the next Congress. If the letter and spirit of the Constitu- 