158 LIBERTY for a post-office closing on Sunday. They are also opposing the holding of political rallies on the Lord's day. The Boston Archdiocesan Federation has recently passed a resolution to introduce in the next Massachusetts Legislature a bill requesting the closing of liquor establish-ments on Good Friday. It is not the province of legislatures to pass bills " requesting " certain things to be done or not to be done ; and yet, at the behest of so influential an organiza-tion as the federation, the State legis-latures might do so uncommon a thing as to pass a law " requesting " the people to observe Good Friday. And from " re-questing " the people to observe Good Friday, it would not be such a very long step to " requesting " the people to at-tend mass and go to confessional and make the sign of the cross. When legis-lators begin enacting laws that have to do with religion, as the Sunday laws do, these other propositions follow in natural sequence. Bishop James A. McFaul, of Trenton, who is perhaps more than any other one man responsible for the organization of the federation, said this of the organiza-tion's purpose, in his address at the mass- meeting on the evening of August 20 : Š Let it be one of the aims of the federa-tion to spread Catholic literature and be-come an apostolate of the laity and use the press for the propagation of the faith, for the cultivation of virtue, for the destruction of error and the advance-ment of truth. Thus shall we confer countless blessings upon Catholics and non-Catholics, and bring about the con-summation of our hopes by making America a Catholic country, and the brightest gem in the crown of our holy mother, the church. To make America Catholic and bring all the institutions of the country into harmony with, and into subserviency to, the Roman hierarchy in the interests of the church, is the one chief aim of the leaders in that hierarchy ; and the Amer-ican Federation of Catholic Societies is the most apt and most powerful agency  ever put into that church's hands for the accomplishment of that object. Pliant Protestants and suppliant politicians are making a smooth path for her toward that goal. Archbishop Messmer, of Mil-waukee, said : " Federation is the strong-est and most powerful organization in the United States to-day." Bishop McFaul said : " Such a union is desirable for the formation of an instrument which will always be ready to voice Catholic senti-ment in the State and in the nation. We may seldom need it, but when we do, we need it badly, and it must therefore be in such shape that we can immediately put our hand upon it, knowing that it is pow-erful enough to produce the required re-sults."Š Convention Souvenir, page 162. President Feeney, in his annual ad-dress, made several statements to show that Protestants are beginning to realize that they must work in harmony with the Roman Catholic Church if they would accomplish what they desire to see ac-complished. He said : Š Dr. Hamilton, president of Tufts Col-lege, a non-Catholic New England insti-tution, in a recent address said : " Men who believe in law and order must learn to work with the Roman Catholic Church and the American Federation if they would save the republic." . . . It is grat-ifying to note that non-Catholics are be-coming profuse in their praises on the church's stand against an evil which is sapping the very life of the nation. With an organization such as this in the country, and with those praising its activities who should be opposing its progress and purposes, the outlook for religious liberty in this country is far from reassuring. C. M. S. SV tV A Word of Warning to Protes- tant Churches AMONG the reforms which the officers of the Federal Council of Churches in America propose to use the influence of that organization in securing, are these : " The abolition of child labor, old age 