142 LIBERTY LIBERTY if Magazine of Religious Freedom Set for the Defense of the Rights of Conscience, and therefore opposed to a Union of Church and State in name or in fact WASHINGTON, D. C., THIRD QUARTER, 1912 Subscription Price 25 cents a year No Subscription accepted for less than one year Organ of the Religious Liberty Association Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. W. W. PRESCOTT Editor C. M. SNOW - - Associate Editor Entered as second-class matter, May 1, 1906, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. AT the present writing ( July 8) no decision has been made public by Secre-tary Fisher on the religious garb order, although the hearing on this question was held nearly three months ago. We are slow to charge any unworthy motive as the reason of this delay, but in view of the activities of the Roman hierarchy in the political field and the administra-tion's need of every helpful influence, it is almost impossible to avoid the feeling that there are other considerations be-sides the merits of the case which have delayed the decision. A Washington paper announced recently that the secre-tary would make known his decision at once, but some think it may be withheld until after the November election. We print in this issue the concluding portion of Commissioner Valentine's argument sustaining his order. The argument as a whole seems to us to be unanswerable Š far outweighing any considerations of mere expediency. No member of the House of Represen-tatives has felt it incumbent upon him to introduce a Sunday bill for the District of Columbia during the present session of Congress, until Congressman William Schley Howard, of Georgia, introduced  his bill on Wednesday, July io. The bill provides " that from and after the pas-sage of this act, any person, firm, or cor-poration who shall follow their usual avocation or work of their ordinary call-ing on the Sabbath day, excepting works of charity and necessity, shall be pun-ished as for a misdemeanor." There is an exemption in the bill in favor of drug stores, news-stands, ice-distributing plants, newspaper offices, street-cars, and public conveyances. Drugs, newspapers, ice, cigars, and soft drinks are recognized as necessities of life, and the sale of these is permitted un-der the provisions of the bill. From the language of the bill, it is perfectly ap-parent that it is a piece of drastic re-ligious legislation, designed to enforce the religious observance of Sunday. In behalf of the Religious Liberty Asso-ciation, a request has been made for a hearing upon this bill ; and if opportunity is granted, good reasons will be presented why this proposed Sabbath-enforcing measure should not become a law. l THE Publicity Bureau Concerning Activities of Roman Catholic Rulers Against the People's Rule, of which Chattin Bradway, Esq., 710 McLachlen Building, Washington, D. C., is the man-ager, has issued a pamphlet of about one hundred twenty-five pages, with the title " The Present Uprising Against the Roman Hierarchy." This pamphlet deals with the political record of the Roman Church, and attempts to show that its teachings and influences are opposed to progressive ideas in politics. Quotations are printed from ex cathedra utterances of the popes, and the writings and ad-dresses of leading prelates are drawn upon to establish the main contention. Attention is directed to the record of the Roman Church upon the question of pro-gressive free government in France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Spain, and Ger-many, and to the present situation in the United States. Much valuable and timely information is contained in this pamphlet, and every citizen who reads it will have something to think about which is worth his while. R may be obtained of the publishers ; the price is twenty-five cents. 