LIBERTY 5 jurisdiction that civil marriages were void, that parties thereto would not be permitted to participate in the sacrament, would be refused absolution in death and be denied Christian burial. The government took up the matter at once, and the bishop was compelled to retract in terms agreed upon  preach at a new station in South Hungary. He gave the judge due notice orally of his intention. The judge refused to receive it. He then sent a written notice. The meet-ing was called in a private house. Five policemen entered, took the names of all persons present and placed the minister n PLAZA CATALUNA, BARCELONA, SPAIN between the papal nuncio and the govern-ment. The stand now taken by the gov-ernment is a virtual renunciation of the concordat entered into with the papacy in 1851 by which all religions but Catholicism were forbidden. The pope is said to be greatly in fear of an agitation in Spain for a separation of church and state. The pope does not wish to alienate Spain, be-cause that country has become a virtual asylimi for members of the many Catholic orders driven out of other countries. Hungary.Š The most liberal laws grant-ing religious liberty are frequently nullified by the acts of officials who misconstrue or set them aside. Two cases in point recently occurred in Hungary. In 1895 a law was passed in Hungary granting the utmost freedom in religious matters. The first paragraph of that law says distinctly that in Hungary anybody may profess any relig-ion he may choose, and is permitted to practise it within the bounds of public morality. The law requires that in the case of non-residents due notice of inten-tion to hold a meeting must be given to the presiding judge. Rev. William Burt, a Methodist minister of Budapest, desired to  under arrest. He was fined two hundred crowns, and sentenced to twenty-three days' imprisonment.' The vicegespan reduced the fine to one hundred crowns and five days' imprisonment. These officials discovered that as the meeting was to be held in the evening, it would be against public morals. This subterfuge to nullify the intent of the lawmakers is on a par with the arrest of seventh-day keepers for working quietly on their farms or in their gardens, on the plea that they are disturbing their neighbors. Mr. Otto Melle, another Methodist, was sentenced to a fine of two hundred crowns and twenty-three days' imprisonment for conducting a meeting in the city of Soare, after having complied with all legal re-quirements. Another case of the same kind is reported from Verbasz, and all three are to go before the minister of the interior on appeal. England.ŠThe Education bill which passed the House of Commons on July 3o, with a majority of 192, continues to absorb the attention of all England. One promi-nent writer declares that never since the time of Cromwell and the Stuarts have the religious passions of the people flamed 