LIBERTY  45 when put together on the basis of reason, mean the same thing.Ñ From " The Le-galized Outlaw," by Samuel R. Artman, pages 68-74. Sunday Laws and Prohibition A. G. DANIELLS WHY oppose Sunday laws, and ap-prove of legislation prohibiting the liquor traffic? To some good people this course appears inconsistent. They seem to think that these two questions are so nearly alike in character that they should be either approved or condemned together. But they are not alike. They occupy altogether different ground. One is a religious question, while the other is a civil matter. Religion has to do with man's personal relation to God. Civility has to do with man's relation to man. Religion is a matter of choice and free will. It can not be applied or regulated by force. It is, therefore, beyond the sphere of civil government. Not so with civility, or man's relation to his fellow men. This relation may be measured, defined, and enforced by civil govern-ment. The manufacture for sale, and the sell-ing, of intoxicating liquors is a matter of commerce, not of religion. It must be classed with such enterprises as the manufacture for sale and the selling of drugs, foods, and explosives. These all affect the welfare of the people, and come within the purview of civil govern-ment. They may be permitted, regulated, or prohibited by law. Alcohol, the vital, active principle in intoxicating liquors, is a deadly poison. It destroys the living tissues of the hu- man body. It unbalances the mental fac-ulties to the point of derangement. Its free use leads to disease, imbecility, pau-perism, and crime. All this and much more, is involved in the liquor traffic. It imperils both the state and the race. Surely a question of this character per-tains to civil government, and may be prohibited by law. But Sunday legislation is altogether dif- ferent in character. Sunday, as an in-stitution, is religious. Legislation in be-half of the observance of Sunday as a clay of rest is religious legislation. Re-ligious legislation by civil government is subversive of the highest interests of both the church and the state. For that rea-son, all lovers of Christianity and the American idea of civil government should stand opposed to such legislation. Law means force, and force can not, of right, be used in matters of religion. The religion of Jesus Christ deals with the conscience Ñ the most sacred gift of God to man. It is a matter between a man's soul and his God. For this reason, the divine Author of Christianity says : Hast thou faith ? have it to thyself be-fore God." Rom. 14 : 22. Even Christ when among men did not use coercion. He said : " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." John 12 : 47. In harmony with all this, we are instructed that " Every one of us shall give account of himself to God." Rom. 14: 12. Sunday as an institution, is of the church ; it is religious, and all the laws enacted in behalf of its observance are religious laws. Law means force, fines, and penalties to those who can not in conscience submit to religious laws. To use force, to inflict fines and penalties, to compel the conscience, is persecution. The true basis upon which the question of Sunday observance rests, is that of man's personal conscience Ñ his choice and his convictions. Let every man ex-ercise the freedom in the observance of this religious institution that he does re-garding attendance at church, baptism, and other religious affairs. Then there will be no wrong inflicted upon any one, and both the state and the church will fare better. These are some of the reasons why it is consistent to oppose legislation in be- half of Sunday rest, and approve of leg-islation prohibiting the manufacture for sale, and the selling, of intoxicating liquors. 