LIBERTY cerns of men, civil or religious, temporal or eternal. That there may be no mis-understanding as to the full meaning of that overlordship, we quote again : Š The people need governing, and must be governed. . . . They must have a master. . . . The religion which is to answer our purpose must be above the people, and able to command them. . . . The first lesson to the child is, obey ; the first and last lesson to the people, indi-vidually and collectively, is, obey ; and there is no obedience where there is no authority to enjoin it. . . . The Roman Catholic religion, then, is necessary to sustain popular liberty, because popular liberty can be sustained only by a re-ligion free from popular control, above the people, speaking from above, and able to command them ; and such a re-ligion is the Roman Catholic. . . . In this sense we wish this country to come.  under the pope of Rome. As the visible head of the church, the spiritual author-ity which Almighty God has instituted to teach and govern the nations, we assert his supremacy, and tell our countrymen that we would have them submit to him. They may flare up at this as much as they please, and write as many alarming and abusive editorials as they choose, or can find time and space to do Š they will not move us, or relieve themselves from the obligation Almighty God has placed them under of obeying the author-ity of the Catholic Church, pope and all. Š"Brownson's Essays," pages 380-383. " Brownson's Essays " has never been placed on the Index Expurgatorius; his declarations have never been denied by papal authority ; he speaks the purpose of the Catholic Church concerning both in-dividuals and nations, but especially con-cerning this nation. Catholic prelates frequently discourse eloquently concern-ing the freedom of the church in this country, freedom of conscience, and free-dom in general. But by these terms the Catholic orator never means what his Protestant hearer understands him to mean. This has been well stated thus : Š When a Protestant talks of freedom, he means the self-government of the peo- ple in all their civil affairs ; when the papal hierarchy talk of it, they mean the freedom of the papacy to govern the world, through the pope and themselves as his agents and auxiliaries. And when, in this country, we speak of " liberty of conscience," we mean that every man shall be permitted to worship God as his own personal convictions of duty shall dictate. But the papal hierarchy have no such meaning, and intend nothing of this sort. With them " liberty of conscience " consists merely of " the right to embrace, profess, and practise the Catholic re-ligion," in a Protestant country ; not the right to embrace, profess, and practise the Protestant religion in a Roman Cath-olic country ! And why do they not con-cede this latter right, while demanding the former with such steady persistence? The answer with them is always at hand, when it is expedient to make it : because " infidelity " is " the last logical conse-quence of Protestantism " [" Protestant-ism and Infidelity," by Dr. Weninger, a Jesuit, page 278] ; and, therefore, Prot-estantism, being thus opposed to the law of God, can not be tolerated or compro-mised with without sin, and must be ex-terminated.Š" The Papacy and the Civil Power," page 35. It is because of such considerations as the foregoing that Protestants who un-derstand the situation can not admit the eligibility of a loyal Roman Catholic to the office of president of the United States. It is not his religious belief, but his complete domination by a foreign ruler, that makes him ineligible to that position. No subject of Great Britain can be president of the United States, neither can a subject of the czar of Rus-sia occupy that position. Manifestly, then, a loyal subject of the pope of Rome is excluded also ; for these foreign rulers claim no more of their subjects than he does of his Š in fact, far less. No Ro-man Catholic can take oath to support the Constitution of the United States so long as he recognizes the control of the Vatican in the affairs of state. The pol-icy of the Vatican is diametrically op-posed to that Constitution. 