Photo by F. J. Cullen THE most precious boon in this world is liberty. It is the most benign blessing be- stowed by heaven upon all By men. It is the greatest heritage our fore- fathers have bequeathed to us. Without lib- erty, all other blessings would lose their luster. It is the gem of gems, and the star of first magnitude. Eternal vigilance is its guardian angel, and when she sleeps, fair liberty perishes from the earth. The antonym of liberty is bondage. The desire to bring others under our authority and power, and to destroy indi-vidual rights, is born from selfishness and covetousness. The spirit of intolerance, oppression, and tyranny emanates from a heart that is filled with bigotry and arrogance. One thing is certain, whoever persecutes is never just and seldom on the DEMOCRAT A Tableau Staged on LIBERTY AN] 112 LIBERTY Sunday after having re-ligiously observed t h e previous day. The scales are falling from the eyes of a great many people, a n d arbitrary Sunday laws are receiving a good many rough jolts. It is a wonder that in this land of liberty Sun-day laws are permitted to exist at all. They are not at all necessary to secure to labor a day of rest. This has been demonstrated in Cali-fornia, where without legal requirement Sun-day observance is about as general as in other States. The same is true of the District of Columbia. It is true that labor is sometimes represented as favoring Sunday laws, but labor as a whole is never in favor of the same kind of Sunday legislation de-manded by religious leaders. An editorial in the Christian Statesman for September describes what it calls essential Sunday legislation as a law that shall say not only " No smoke from those tall chimneys on the first day of the week," but a law that shall say, " Run no street cars that are not necessary for church pur- poses or other works of necessity and mercy." It is this sort of a " civil " Sunday that religious leaders offer the laboring man, but that is not the Sunday the laboring man wants. C. S. L. 