WhiteŠProhibition Territory ShadedŠLocal Option Territory BlackŠLicense Territory White spots in Black states show Indian Reservations "dry" by Federal law LIBERTY 27 Compulsory Sunday rest laws have no part in maintaining good civil govern-ment, but rest wholly upon a religious basis. God has not ordained that either the church or the state shall dictate to his creatures how they shall use their time in his service. To coerce one into any form of religious service is to deny the right of choice, and to deprive that per-son of God-given liberty to choose the way. If the church and the state compel people to go in the right way, it is not pleasing to God, because that is of com-pulsion and not of free choice. If the church or the state had the au- thority from God to compel the forma-tion of character, it, and not the individ-ual, would be responsible ; and a letter from the church or a recommendation from the government would be the only needed passport into heaven. The unused arm, even of the athlete, soon becomes weak and helpless ; and when man is deprived of the liberty of moral choice, moral weakness and tur-pitude soon follow, and he becomes in-capable of self-government. The serfs in Russia, the peons in Mex-ico, the slaves of all ages and lands, are examples of church-and-state domination and dictation. Why the Temperance Cause is Gaining Ground THIS magazine is opposed to both the liquor habit and the liquor traffic, be-cause the habitual use of intoxicating beverages is destructive to the highest interests of the home and the nation, and has proved itself to be an enemy to life, liberty, and human happiness. Any business that destroys the indi-vidual, wrecks the home, puts a blight  uyon posterity, and threatens the perpe-tuity of republican government, is an enemy to humanity and its most sacred rights, and deserves to be banished by due process of raw. To make money by preying upon the individual units of society, impoverish-ing and destroying them, would mean the ultimate annihilation of government "WET" AND "DRY" MAP OF THE UNITED STATES BY STATES. JANUARY 1. 1893 