LIBERTY 3 fines should be satisfied on the basis of forty cents per day. The sheriff who ar- rested these men, and the judge before whom they were tried, both expressed their high regard for them as worthy citizens, and regretted that they felt it their duty to enforce the law, and place these men in confinement, and the sheriff admitted that many others did as much Sunday work as these men had done. What is the explanation for the zeal manifested to enforce the Sunday law in the case of these two men, while others are permitted to work unmolested? Š It is found in the fact that these men are con-scientious observers of the seventh day of the week. Some one is using this Tennes-see Sunday law, just as it is possible to use every Sunday law on the statute-books, as the engine of religious bigotry, and is by this means seeking to enforce at least an outward regard for a religious institution upon those who are convinced that there is no divine authority for such a requirement. This is religious persecution, and if those who are now demanding the enactment of religious legislation obtain what they de-sire, we shall see much more of it in this country. The only way to avoid these consequences is to deny the principle, and to insist now and always that civil government has no jurisdiction in matters of religion. Keep the church and the state separate. A Well-Deserved Rebuke UNDER the heading, "An Unholy Alli-ance," the United Presbyterian of Septem-ber 12 fittingly characterizes the endeavor of the ministers of La Crosse, Wis., to join the labor union. We quote:Š We see the statement that the ministers of La Crosse, Wis., formed a union and entered the Trades and Labor Assembly of that city. Against this the brewery work-ers' union entered complaint that the agita-tion by the ministers against the saloons had injured their fellow unionists. The assembly recognized the justice of the com-plaint, and withdrew membership from the ministers' union. The rebuke was richly deserved. The alliance was an unholy  one. The formation of a union and con-nection with a trades assembly was a cheap and unworthy effort to gain favor with the labor unions. It is altogether unworthy of ministers to thus attempt to court favor with any class of men. Ministers of the gospel are the accredited representatives of the Lord Jesus. Their mission is to men without reference to classes; their commis-sion, to endeavor to bring all men into the universal brotherhood of Christ. They may not compromise their office or their commis-sion. In so doing they dishonor their Lord and bring their profession into contempt. "The Ever,Recurrent School Matter" IN the issue of the Literary Digest for October 12 we find the following para-graph : Š An aggressive forward movement in the ever-recurrent school matter was recently made at Middletown, Conn., by the Roman Catholics of that place. The Rev. Dr. Donovan, rector of St. John's Catholic Church, proposed to the citizens of Mid-dletown that his parochial school be ac-cepted for public-school purposes upon payment by the city of $4,800 yearly to the parish, the priest to provide teachers for the several rooms. In other respects the school was to be under the direction of the school committee. At a special election held September 20 this proposal was rejected, by a vote of 934 to 643. This latest effort of the Roman Catholics to secure, under one form or an-other, a division of the public funds for the benefit of their parochial schools, has led to some plain discussion of the principle in- volved. The New York Tribune said: Š It is not unlikely, too, that the shrewdest Catholics, foreseeing the declining useful-ness and market value of their religious school, were doubly eager to unload the institution on the town. But their effort to do this without surrendering control over the teaching staff proves how little they understand the depth of the true American's feeling against sectarianizing the public schools. In its consideration of this matter The Christian Advocate (New York) was clear and fearless: Š Such a scheme if allowed would justify the Jews in establishing private schools and asking the commonwealth to support them. 