LIBERI 1 I 3 right side of the question. Truth and justice are in-variably set over against error and injustice. The next greatest na- itor tional gift to liberty is democracy. A democ- racy is the highest form of all government. The rule of the people is the divine ideal. The divine right Df kings was always a human invention. God is not an auto-3rat, forcing himself and his rule upon men. " Choose ye," and " whosoever will, let him come," have ever been the divine entreaties. God does not propose to rule over any people who lo not desire him. He will choose to rule over only such as 2hoose him. He ordained representative government in the very beginning. He made man the ruler over the works of his hands, and gave him dominion over all things. Likewise, man. and not angels, is to hold dominion over the world to  come whereof we speak. But he has not made men rulers over their fellow men, to compel them to become par-takers of the things of the future world. The antonym of de-mocracy is autocracy. An autocrat is a self-imposed ruler. His will is law. His blood and offspring are foreor-dained to royal election without the consent of the governed. His sub-jects are his chattel Łproperty, to be utilized for his self-glorification. Autocracy has been the bane of progress and civilization. Militarism is the offspring of au-tocracy, the direct foe to democracy and hu-man liberty. It makes man a mere cog in a wheel. It destroys his individuality. It throt-tles his ambitions and blasts his hopes. It is the burglar and mur-derer of all that is good, and noble, and pre-cious. Its absolutism makes men mere pawns on the chessboards of auto- crats. It puts liberty in chains, conscience in prison, morality into tur-pitude, and turns civiliza-tion backward by centu-ries. The true principles of liberty and democracy en- throned in the hearts and lives of the people are the only cure for the evils of autocracy and militarism. When the voice of the peo-ple is the only rule for the (Continued on page 117) MPHANT of the Capitol, July 4 'EMOCRACY 