YUAN SHI-KAI The great Chinese reactionary who some months ago made Confucianism the official religion of China and—who has since!assumedjimperial power. LIBERTY 25 offense at common law. There is, indeed, in the " Crown Circuit Conpanion" a precedent (which is also adopted in 2 Chitt. Cr. L., 20), as an indictment against a butcher as a com-mon Sabbath breaker and profaner of Sun-day, for having, within certain times, kept a common public and open shop in a town on Sunday and sold therein meat to divers per-sons. . . . But we do not perceive how it can become an offense at law even when the labor is both openly and publicly per-formed, as in a town, for example, except upon a process of reasoning of this kind: That the Chris-tian religion is a part of the common law, that it forbids work on Sunday, not only as a sin in itself, but as a disturbance to others and as an injury to the State, and therefore that the law prohibits such profanation and punishes it. But we cannot believe that such a principle was estab-lished at the common law. In the first place, the extent of the obligation of the Sabbath under the gospel is a point on which the pro-fessors and teachers of Christianity have been far from agreeing. . . . Although it may be true that the Christian religion is part of the common law, it is not so in the sense that an act contrary to the precepts of our Saviour or of Christian morals is nec-essarily indictable. Those which are merely against God and religion were left to the correction of con-science. . . . The making of bargains on Sunday was not a crime against the State. For contracts made on that day are binding. It has often been so ruled in this State, and after elaborate argument and time to ad-vise. .. We do not perceive that laying the act as a common nuisance can vary the result, if per se the profanation of Sunday be not an offense. If the act of the accused in fact disturbs others in the performing of their duties of piety, that will itself be a specific offense, whether committed on Sunday or any other day. If the particular work or trade  be not in its nature a nuisance, as prejudicial to the health or comfort of the public, it does not become so by being performed or carried on one day more than another. If the prece-dent of the indictment against the butcher at common law can be supported at all, it must be on the ground that in England the Chris-tian religion is established by law, and that, according to its principles, as established, the profanation of Sunday is criminal. . . . It be- came an offense against the state by being contrary to the religion which the state had established. . . . In this State, however, al-though recognized as an existing and as a prevalent religion, it is not, and cannot be, established by law in any form, nor as con-sisting of any particular doctrines, or im-posing any special duties of worship, or of worship at particular places and periods. Therefore, however clearly the profanation 