TEAR OUT  PAGE ALONG  THIS  LINE ER ER ErR EiR HOW YOU CAN HELP TO EDUCATE THE PUBLIC FIRST.Š Invest $1.00 in five friends. For this amount we will send this magazine to five different addresses for one year. Your name may be one of NN the five. SECOND.Š Invest $2.00 in ten yearly subscriptions. Send in a representa-tive list of ten molders of public opinion in your State, city, or community, or your own name and nine others. THIRD.Š Act as our representative in your community. Send $1.00 for M 20 or $2.00 for 5o copies. Sell io or zo to get your money back. Sell or dis-tribute the rest. Apply for agency particulars today. ADDRESS AGENCY LISTED ON ANOTHER PAGE Kindly Use Order Blanks on Reverse Side. MMnSiAMMMMn5SiMMMW5HMMMSIM% Read Read Madison's declarations against religious proclamations by the President; study the fundamental principles of true Americanism 1,as outlined in this number; note the threats of the medievalists against those principles that have"made America great and free. 64 66 T HE fight for our Constitutional rights of free conscience, free speech, free press, and free assembly is not won! Abundant proofs of this statement are found in this num-ber. HELP TO EDUCATE THE PUBLIC BY CIRCULAT-ING THIS MAGAZINE! v Soul Freedom," " Sunday - Law Agitation," Religious Boycott,91 " and Temperance BER - Dean of Normal School Says " Magazine Excellent " " I have for several years been a subscriber to ' Liberty.' I consider the magazine an excellent one and believe its mission is a great and far-reaching one." Prof. H. A. Farrar, Dean State Normal School, Castleton. Vt. University Professor Appreciates " Liberty " " Enclosed find my subscription. I should like to send $r,000 to have it sent to as many subscribers. I hope subscriptions have poured in." Prof. Addison Hogue, Department of Greek, Washington and Lee Univer- sity, Virginia. A Western Congressman " In Hearty Accord " " I am in hearty accord with the sentiments which you express, and will do everything in my power to prevent the establishment of any law calculated to affect in the slightest degree the inalienable right of all men to worship God as they see fit." " In Thorough Accord," Says Leading Congressman " I am in thorough accord with your views on the subject of religious liberty. The bills to which you refer would never see daylight if I had my way about it, because, in my judgment, our salvation depends on a strict separation of church and state." Member of Committee on Foreign A ff airs, United States House of Repre-sentatives. 