46 LIBERTY of Sunday amusement there will be church 'members and nonchurch members who will persist in participating in those amusements which their consciences declare to be harm-less. No one person or organization can draw the line on Sunday observance at any point that will be entirely satisfactory to every-body; for each person's conscience must dic-tate the right and wrong of his own actions. The editor of the Herald is, we be-lieve, a Presbyterian, and consequently a believer in Sunday sacredness; but he is evidently not one of the rapidly in-creasing number who would enforce their individual views and practices upon others. Sunday is a religious institution, and its observance or nonobservance is, as this South Dakota editor has intimated, altogether a matter of conscience. There-fore to undertake its enforcement by law  is to undertake to regulate conscience by law. It is true that by a legal fiction Sun-day has been declared a " civil " institu-tion, and the laws requiring its observ-ance by abstinence from labor, " merely police regulations; " but exactly the same might be said of any other religious in-stitution the observance of which might be enforced by civil law. Any law designed to protect the day rather than the individual is a religious law, no matter how it is phrased, or what the courts say of it. Mr. Crafts, the great champion of Sunday legislation. has repeatedly admitted that what they want is not a civil but a religious Sun-day, but this can never be secured in any true sense by civil enactments. * * * Temperance Delay Means Destruction and Death A. C. BANE WHEN a house is on fire, immediate and rapid effort is demanded and made, for delay means destruction and death. When a boat is sinking in the sea, im-mediate and rapid effort is demanded and made, for delay means destruction and death. When any danger is threatening life, there is no time to loiter; it is criminal to be careless and indifferent. The legalized traffic in alcoholic liq-uors is rapidly destroying health and life, efficiency and wealth, and home and state, but thousands of us are criminally indif-ferent to its ravages. There is not a day that alcohol does not murder hundreds of our fellow citi-zens. There is not a day that alcohol does not rob thousands of our citizens of their substance and turn them out paupers. There is not a day that alcohol does not ravish our women, destroying their virtue, their happiness, and their hope. There is not a day that alcohol does not deprive little children of a normal birth, of a comfortable home, of neces-sary clothing and food, and mark their innocent lives with want. Yet many of our citizens go on voting to license this King of Slaughter, to in-crease the number of his victims. Many of our citizens move with a dilatory step that seems to imply no hurry needed, that if we stop this legalized slaughter within the next generation we shall do well. Others, and their name is legion, seem not to realize that alcohol is destroying the race, or are utterly indifferent and do not seem to care how many are wounded and killed by alcohol, so long as ,they escape. Americans, awake! arouse you! and hasten, oh hasten to save your fellow men from this modern Moloch that is destroying them. An hour's delay means death. This enemy is marching toward your home, with his weapons and cohorts of destruction ; hasten, enlist, arm your-selves, organize. mobilize and with love 