A REPRESENTATION OF FINLAND'S FEARS The double-headed 'eagle of Russia is striving to wrest from Finland the book of her liberty. LIBERTY 23 tories operate their plants every day in the week. When Finland, in the year 18o9, came under the jurisdiction of Russia, she came in touch with a people that was far behind the Finnish people ; and there have been times when it seemed that Russia would take away from the people of Finland their laws and their liberties. This unhappy possibility is strikingly il-lustrated in the engraving which follows.  But the Finnish people have stood for their rights as strongly as men could under existing circumstances, and are still enjoying their religious freedom. One Russian emperor, especially, has been a good friend to Finland. This was Alexander II, and to his memory the peo-ple have erected a statue in Helsingfors, a reproduction of which appears on page 37. Helsingfors, Finland. Ł Portugal and the Separation of Church and State C. E. RENTFRO SINCE the beginning of Portugal as a separate state, the Catholic religion was the state religion until April 20, 1911, when the law was enacted which dissolved church and state union in Portugal. A short time after the procla- mation of the re- publi c, decrees were issued giving liberty and protec-tion to all citizens, natural and for-eign born, in their religious belie .1. For some time a project of law was studied in order to bring about a sep-aration of church and state. Some of its dispositions are as follows:Š "CHAPTER I, ARTICLE The republic recognizes and guarantees the plain liberty o f conscience to all Portuguese citizens, and also to the for-eigners that dwell in Portuguese ter-ritory. " ART. 2.Š Beginning with the publi-cation of the present decree with the force of law, the Roman Apostolic Catholic religion ceases to be the re-ligion of the state, and all churches or religious confes-sions are equally authorized as legit-imate private con-gregations, - so long as they do not of-fend public morals, neither the princi-ples of Portuguese political law. ART. 3.ŠWithin the terri-tory of the repub-lic no one may be persecuted for mo-tives of religion, nor asked by any authority about the religion h e pro-fesses. " ART. 4.Š The republic does not recognize, nor does it support nor sub-sidize, any wor- ship. . . . " ART. 7.Š Private or domestic wor- ship of any religion whatsoever is abso- 