26 LIBERTY of Sunday might be against the Christian re-ligion, it is not, and could not here be made, merely as a breach of religious duty, an of-fense; and much less can it be held an offense at common law. . . . There are many of- fenses against God which are not offenses against the state. . . . No change in the law (North Carolina) is called for. Per curiam. Judgment reversed, and venire de novo.ŠState vs. Williams, 26 N. C., 400. Civic Righteousness S. B. HORTON THAT there is such a thing as civic righteousness may not be successfully de-nied. The Great Teacher of righteous-ness gave a command in regard to civic righteousness when he said, " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's." Therefore when the citizen renders to civil government the things which belong to it, then may it be said of him that he enjoys the record of good citizenship, civic righteousness. But there is reason to believe that a misapprehension exists on the part of many, particularly among a large number of religious leaders, in regard to what constitutes civic righteousness, judging from certain movements being made on the part of the religious forces in this country. Beginning soon after the close of the Civil War, these movements have been focused into interchurch unions (limited) and kindred federations. Civic righteousness with many today has come to mean that the nation's citi-zenry shall not only " render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, " but that there shall also be rendered unto Caesar " the things that are God's; " whereas the command of the Saviour explicitly states that we are to render unto Caesar only that which belongs to Caesar, and to God the things that are God's. The Sav-iour's instruction suggests a twofold re-lationship Š one pertaining to God's gov-ernment, the other pertaining to human government. One is a citizenship involv-ing purely civil matters, and belongs to this world; while the other has to do with a citizenship which may be called heavenly. " My kingdom is not of this world," says Christ. " Our citizenship is in heaven," says the, apostle Paul. In both cases organization is an essen-tial factor. The church is a body com- prising a volunteer citizenry of those who choose to serve the Lord as a result of conviction affecting the heart and in-most thoughts, which, brought to its full-est development, is termed conversion. The one essential element entering into this condition is individual faith. The state is an organization ordained of God primarily for the government of those who do not choose to serve the Lord. If all mankind had chosen to serve the Governor of the universe, there would have been no need of the state, or civil power. But for the control in civil affairs of even those who do not serve him, " the powers that be are ordained of God," and with the ordaining of these powers that be " is revealed the limit of their ministry. The realm of civil au-thority is fixed by the One ordaining " the powers that be." By reference to Romans 13, it will be noted that good citizenship, civic righteousness, demands that there shall be rendered to all " their dues : tribute to whom tribute is due [as in the case of rendering to Caesar] ; cus-tom to whom custom; fear to whom fear ; honor to whom honor." Verse 7. The same chapter tells us that " rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil," and in verse 9 the scope of civil authority is shown to be confined to the realm of that relationship affecting one another as neighbors, or, as man to man. It is well to note at this juncture the response of Jesus to the question as to which was the greatest commandment. He said: " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." Matt. 22: 36-39. 