LIBERTY 133 leaders demanded the closing of the gates on that day under threat of boycott, and that threat has been voiced many times since over the matter of Sunday laws. Not many months ago a California Sun-clay-law advocate, in addressing himself to those who were opposing any kind of religious legislation, used these words:Š If we would say, We will not sell any-thing to them, we will not buy anything from them, the thing could be wiped out. Recently, in the city of Washing-ton, where there is a de-cided agitation y for a law that will enforce a rest (lay upon the people, Rev. Dr. Smith urged the boy-cotting of those ball clubs that play on Sunday. He stated that he would not go to a game on a week day if the club played on Sunday, a n d added this sug-gestion : " If anyone injures Sunday, let us avoid him. f they play baseball on Sunday, we should not go on Monday." Rev. Dr. Brinnlage said concerning the same subject : " There arc millions of Chris-tians in this country. If united, they could bring about anything they wanted to bring about." But the church that expects to accom-plish its mission in the world by demand- ing things of legislators and city councils,  and enforcing those demands 135T threats, has forgotten the great commission and the true source of the Christian's power. She is going " down to Egypt for help." She is leaning upon a broken reed. She is putting her trust in the arm of flesh instead of in the arm of the omnipotent God. When she adopts the boycott, she adopts the weapon of the adversary; she becomes a part of that power which In-spiration d e -nominates " an-other beast;" and if she con-tinues in t 11 a t course, she will finally be aligned o n the side of the ad-versary. perse-cuting the peo-ple of God, and warring against the interests of his kingdom. The church of Jesus Christ must not use the boycott. A n y church adopting a n d using the boycott demon-strates by that token that it is not of the true household of faith. The boy-cott and the gospel will not mix. The one is the spirit of Satan in action, the other the spirit of Christ. No artist has ever been sufficiently irreverent to pic-ture the Saviour of the world with a bludgeon in his hand ; but that is vir-tually what they attempt to do, who, pro-fessing to be the church of Christ, would send her into the world armed with the boycott to accomplish her purpose. C. M. S. migininaugimmiKimmu9 Kinsimmmgsmu.smosimma JUDGE COOLEY'S DECISION There is not complete religious liberty where any one sect is favored by the state and given an advantage by law over other sects. Whatever establishes a distinc-tion against one class or sect is, to the extent to which the distinction operates unfavorably, a persecution; and if based on religious grounds, a religious persecu-tion. The extent of the discrimination is not material to the principle; it is enough that it creates an inequality of right or privilege.Š" Constitutional Limitations," Thomas S. Cooley, Boston, Lit:le, Brown & Co., 1883, page 580. But the Jew [and it is equally true of all Sabbatarians] who is forced to re-spect the first day of the week, when his conscience requires of him the observance of the seventh also, may plausibly urge that the law discriminates against his re-ligion, and by forcing him to keep a sec-ond sa.bbath in each week, unjustly, though by indirection, punishes him for his belief.Š Id., page 476. 