The Sunday Law Agitation in America California Refuses to Revive the Blue Laws FRANK A. COFFIN AMERICA'S first Sunday law, one of the original blue laws of Virginia, en-acted in 161o, is of special interest just now because of the persistent nation-wide agitation favoring such laws. As found in the musty records of those early colonial times, the ancient law reads : Š " Every man and woman shall repair in the morning to the divine service and sermons preached upon the Sabbath day, and in the afternoon to divine service, and catechizing, upon pain for the first fault to lose their provision and the al-lowance for the whole week following; for the second, to lose the same allow-ance, and also be whipped; and for the third, to suffer death." This law of Puritan times shows the real object of all Sunday legislation,Šcompulsory church attendance and the coercing of the conscience by the police power. It shows also the lengths to which religious bigotry will go in forcing its tenets upon all with the aid of sheriffs and constables, when it has the power. The blue laws of Virginia were passed at the time when the plantations of the colonists held all things in common, so that it was easy to cut off all supplies in case of disobedience to the religio-civil statutes. Nonattendance at church was not the only crime of those early days. All must attentively listen to the sermon, and a smart blow upon the head from the tithingman's stick served to remind the sleepy pewholder that duty demanded wide-open eyes and a form erect, even if the sermon was tedious. Nor was this all. Blasphemy was forbidden in 161o, a bodkin being thrust through the tongue upon the second offense. Should the re- calcitrant blaspheme a third time, he was to " be brought to a martial court, and there receive censure of death." Between 1659 and 1693 the Virginia Assembly passed acts compelling parents to have their children baptized, declaring  the meetings of Quakers unlawful, and providing punishment for the master of any vessel who brought Quakers into the community. Indeed, Quakers already there were legislated against, provision being made for their imprisonment until they should leave the country. To return was a breach of the law. The penalty for the first or second offense of this kind was mild, but death was the sen-tence meted out to those who returned a third time. Yet the Quakers were nei-ther brawlers, nor thieves, nor anarchists, nor murderers. And what was their ter-rible offense? They dared to worship God as their consciences dictated, re-fusing to be cajoled or coerced by the religious party in power, at the same time yielding obedience to every purely civil statute of the colonies. That present-day advocates of Sunday laws have lost none of this stern intol-erance, which in medieval times manip-ulated and wheedled the state into mur-dering millions of heretics, is shown by the constitution of a national association. whose avowed aim is " to secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its accept-ance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and to indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Chris-tian laws, institutions, and usages of our government on an undeniably legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." The Puritan colonies and the great re-ligious power which ruled governments during the Dark Ages, enforced through the state the " moral laws of the Chris- tian religion," and thus brought woe to great hosts of honest-hearted folk, who found it impossible to accept the religious dogmas imposed by the state, and who preferred heresy to hypocrisy. The great underlying principles of religion and poli-tics have not changed with the centuries. 91 