4 LIBERTY RELIGION is the only " employment " that is not " worldly." When any law is enacted by the government which pro-hibits " worldly " business or " worldly " employment on Sunday, it is prima facie evidence that the law is religious in character. It ought not to take any dis-cussion to make such a proposition clear. To make labor an outlaw one seventh of the time in order that a religious cus-tom may be fastened upon all the people whether they desire it or not, stigmatizes labor, and brings no glory to the religion of which that custom is a part. It is to the glory of true religion that it needs no human force behind it to make it master of human lives. WE are still constantly confronted by that fallacious proposition that the lib-erty of rest for one demands the law of rest for all. It never was true and never will be true. But he whose conscience is smaller than his salary will always be found advocating it. The others will invariably take their rest on the day they believe God has appointed and hallowed. INDUSTRY is the foundation of a na-tion. Idleness is any nation's curse. It is better to be secularly active on Sun-day than to be hypocritically religious any portion of the time. He who is forced to be idle on a religious day when he is not religious will certainly get no benefit from his enforced idleness. Such idleness is a devil's opportunity par ex-cellence, and he will make the most of it. To force men to refrain from all that is " worldly " is tantamount to compel-ling them to do only that whiCh is relig-ious. That is compulsion in religion ; and " all compulsion in religion is irre-ligion." This shows how it is that laws which forbid " worldly " employment on  a certain day are inimical to the best in-terests of true religion, and why it is that religion so often suffers in the house of its professed friends. WHILE " the law of the Lord is per-fect, converting the soul," the Author of that perfect law has never sought to force men to yield to its converting power. But the human, in his own esti-mation, seemingly, wiser than God him-self, has not hesitated to enact laws to bind the consciences of men and force compliance with human mandates even in religious things. Such wisdom is not the wisdom of God, and such a procedure can never have the smile of heaven's approval. To promulgate the worship of God is the business of the church. It alone bears the divine commission for that holy calling. Swords, bayonets, prisons, police, and legal restrictions or require-ments, are as much out of place in that work as were the strange fire and for-eign incense in the sanctuary of ancient Israel. The God who forbade that and punished those who disregarded his corn-mand, looks with equal disfavor upon any attempt to bring in the reign of righteousness by compulsion of human law. THE Holy Spirit is promised " to them that obey Him;" but there is no promise of reward in all the Book of God to those who yield obedience to men in things pertaining to God. " We ought to obey God rather than men," said the inspired apostle ; and whenever a human law is enacted that aims to control the conduct of men in religious things, it is certain to run counter to the requirements of God in some particular, and its promoters are deserving of the rebuke which Peter ad-ministered to the agents of the Sanhedrin of ancient Israel. 