156 LIBERTY cLizen or class of citizens privileges or im-munities which, upon the same terms, shall not equally belong to all citizens." We suppose that Mr. Tufts means to be honest. Probably he thinks that he is perfectly fair; but as we view it, he is biased to that extent that he is incapable of fairly representing the question at is-sue. He doubtless thinks that he is doing God service, but that does not prove him to be right; our Saviour foretold the coming of a time when religious zealots would put his true followers to death, thinking that they were doing the will  of God ; and to us it seems clear that while Mr. Tufts has not yet gone so far, even in his mind, he belongs to that class of reformers. The man Š any man Š who assumes to construe the divine law, and who seeks its enforcement by the power of the state is, to say the least, an inquisitor in the making, and therefore a dangerous man. Mr. Tufts is doubtless a very estimable gentleman socially, but he is on unten-able ground. The logic of his position is utterly mischievous, un-American, and unchristian. C. P. B. A United States Congressman on Religious Liberty (Continued from page 132) away their estate for that cause is rob-bery ; to put them to death for not acting against their conscience is murder." . . . Listen to the appeal in the application for a charter to merge Providence with the other settlements into the colony of Rhode Island: " It is much in our hearts to hold forth a lively experiment that a most flourishing civil state may stand and best be maintained with a full liberty of religious concernments." King Charles granted this charter, and Roger Williams described this act as " the king's ex-traordinary favor to this colony, in which His Majesty declared himself that he would experiment whether civil govern-ment could exist with such liberty of conscience." The charter, in its section pertaining to religion, read: " No person within said colony at any time hereafter shall be in any wise molested, punished, disqualified, or called in question for any difference of opinion in matters of re-ligion. Every person may at all times freely and fully enjoy his own judgment and conscience in matters of religious concernments." The American Idea Thus was constituted, in contradiction to the ideas of the Christian world, a genuine republic Š the first thoroughly  free government in the world, the con-science of the individual at liberty to ex-press itself in any way of doctrine and of worship. This government was the answer of Roger Williams to his Puritan persecutors for conscience' sake. This was his great gift to the people of Rhode Island, and his principle of religious lib-erty has come to be the great American principle, and the spirit of Rhode Island is now the boast and pride of our great nation. To Williams a state church was an abomination. He held civil law had nothing to say of religion save that each individual should be left free to the guid-ance of his own conscience; and the church or churches should be molded by the members therein. He insisted on the lordship of God alone over man's con-science, and for liberty for all kinds of consciences. It was impossible, he ar-gued, for man or men to maintain their Christ with a sword and worship a true Christ, and his work has proved that there is no more prudent way of preserv-ing peace in the world than by permis-sion of differing consciences. We need argue no further for the right of the Rhode Island spirit, or show the persecution on the part of religious zeal-ots in other of the colonies, but remem- 