32 LIBERTY dral, some one who knew the plot told the wife that the men were coming back to put her into the cistern and drown her. Upon learning this, she took the child and ran to the cathedral where her husband was. They were finally per-mitted to return to their home, which  they found had been entered, the furni-ture destroyed, the windows broken out, and nothing of value left to them. As soon as possible they arranged to come to America, where they are now living, and are following the dictates of their conscience in the matter of their faith. An International Movement to Christianize Political Governments CLAUDE E. HOLMES FOR centuries the world has been cursed with religious intolerance. Na-tions have adopted religious dogmas fa-vored by the ruling powers, and have sought to mold the minds of men into harmony with these opinions. Those were anxious and often bloody days for the minorities who had convictions con-trary to human decrees. With a strong trust in God they opposed laws that would force them to disobey the divine will, and many became martyrs. When our nation was born, a new na-tional life came into existence. A new order of things came into being. Out of the melting pot of the ages came forth a vessel of honor. The earthly dross of state-established religions and intolerant monarchies was cast out, and the just and liberal gold of human government was preserved. On the fourth of July, 1851, Pres. Mil- lard Fillmore laid the corner stone of the extension of the Capitol building at Washington. The oration was delivered by Daniel Webster, Secretary of State. In the course of his address he said : Š " I now do declare, in the face of all the intelligent of the age, that for the period which has elapsed from the day that Washington laid the foundation of this Capitol to the present time, there has been no country upon the earth in which life, liberty, and property have been more amply and steadily secured or more freely enjoyed than in these United States of America." This is the result. under Providence,  he said, of our freedom " from civil tyranny or ecclesiastical domination." Forty-two years later, 1893, there was celebrated the one hundredth anniversary of the laying of the corner stone of the Capitol. The principal speaker on this occasion was William Wirt Henry, a de-scendant of the famous Patrick Henry. Eloquently and ably he portrayed the wonderful development of this country. After naming the fundamental principles of liberty which were secured to the in-habitants of this nation. he declared that the most valuable one is that of " divorc-ing church and state from their debasing union, which for centuries had brought unnumbered woes upon mankind. It was the first time that a state had ever placed religion on the ground which the Founder of Christianity had claimed for it ; and the principle is now held to be the con-tribution of America to the science of government, and the chief corner stone of our system. It has shed the richest bless-ing upon both church and state in Amer-ica, and will be the watchword of an advancing civilization throughout the world." The evil seeds of religious intolerance which have been so thickly sown in the years gone by, are continually springing into life. The free soil of- America is an ideal place for the cultivation of the tares of legalized Christianity. The favorable condition is recognized and is being im-proved by those who would subvert the liberties of this country to their own in-terests. 