The State Cannot Give a Christian Education BY W. F. MARTIN THE writer is a strong believer in the principles of Christian education. In fact, so strong is his belief and confidence in its superiority over that of a purely secular education that he has spent hun-dreds of dollars that his children might have the advantages of a Christian school, when at the same time they could have attended, practically without cost, as good a state school asŁthe land afforded. The preceding is stated to show that what follows cannot be construed fairly as op-position to an education which inculcates instruction in the Christian religion. In fact, no education is complete without Christian instruction. A wise man said, " The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom." Again (Prov. 2 : 1-6), " My son, if thou wilt receive my words, and hide my commandments with thee ; so that thou incline thine ear unto wisdom, and apply thine heart to understanding; yea, if thou criest after knowledge, and liftest up thy voice for understanding; if thou seekest her as silver, and search-est for her as for hid treasures; then shalt thou understand the fear of the Lord, and find the knowledge of God. For the Lord giveth wisdom ; out of his mouth cometh knowledge and under-standing." But such an education is not within the power of the state to give, and is not to be enforced on any one. The state is a civil institution, not a religious institu- tion. Those who are chosen to political office are not selected because of their religious faith, but because of their fit- ness to administer the affairs of the civil government. If this were not so, none but professed Christians would be eligible to hold office. It can readily be seen to what this would lead. The political parties would be turned into religio- political parties. The dominant religious party would of course be in the ascend-ancy, and the men of that persuasion  would be chosen to stand at the head of the state, to administer not only the affairs of the state but also those of the church ; to rule not only over the bodies but over the souls of men. This domi-nant party would also rigidly supervise the religious education of the youth. Then, if the government should change hands, the religion of the government and the religion taught in the schools would be changed. Another evil necessarily connected with this, would be a state-established religion. No one would be chosen to teach who did not profess Christianity. The state by this requirement would not make Christians, but would evolve pro-fessors of Christianity. Some capable teachers who are not Christians and yet arc too honest to profess what they are not, would be debarred from teaching. Some who are not Christians and yet not too honest to profess what they are not, would meet the state requirement and could teach. There would be some who would protest against having their children taught a religion they did not believe. A court decision would be nec-essary, and that would involve the set-tling of a religious controversy by the civil magistrate. This was common in the Dark Ages Š called dark because of religious persecution and the suppression of learning, arising from a union of the church and the state. A great American once said, " Religion is not in the purview of human govern- ment." It has not been given to any man to enforce his ideas of religion on his fellow men ; neither has any set of men that right. The true American idea of church-and-state relation, its contribu-tion to the philosophy of government, is that the state should not seek to control the religious belief of its citizens in any degree whatever. May that principle never be forgotten. 161 