84 LIBERTY as our nation under its present Constitution has power to do so; and we respectfully beg you to introduce this bill in Congress and to do your utmost to have it enacted into law. We pledge you the hearty co-operation of our con-ference, and, as we believe, of the Christian sentiment of America. This bill, if enacted into law, will stop all interstate trains and traf-fic on Sunday, will stop the circulation of Sun-day newspapers through Łour postal facilities, and will stop all persons who act under author-ity of or under the employment of our Govern-ment from carrying on their ordinary vocations on Sunday. We earnestly beg your most prayer-ful consideration of this matter and your most zealous co-operation. As soon as the bill is in-troduced and referred to the appropriate com-mittees in the Senate and House, we shall be pleased to appear before them and state our reasons in full and to meet any possible argu-ment or opposition that may be offered. " Assuring you of our best wishes and beg-ging of you an early and favorable reply, we are, " Very sincerely yours, " NOAH W. COOPER, W. R. WEBB, E. B. CHAPPELL. " Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of Amer-ica in Congress assembled: "1. Hereafter it shall be unlawful for any person in the employment of the United States to work or carry on his ordinary vocation on Sunday. " 2. It shall be unlawful for any person or corporation to operate on Sunday any freight or passenger train, or mail train, or any other train, or part of a train, on Sunday in the carrying on of interstate commerce, trade, or traffic of any kind. " 3. It shall be unlawful for any post office to be open on Sunday or to deliver mail on Sunday; it shall be unlawful for any mail to be carried or delivered on Sunday by any employee of the United States, whether in city or country. " 4. It shall be unlawful for any newspaper or other paper or publication published or pur-porting to be published on Sunday to be re-ceived, carried, or delivered as mail by any agency of the United States, in any post office, or over any route under the jurisdiction of the United States. " 5. It shall be unlawful for any person or corporation engaged in interstate commerce, or carrying on any business or vocation under the laws of, or with the permission or license from the United States, or any of its agencies, to do or carry on ordinary vocation or business on Sun-day, the purpose of this act being to express our national determination to honor the Sab-bath day and keep it holy, as God commands, thereby securing for all that opportunity for spiritual and bodily refreshment decreed by our Lord for the happiness of all men and the safety of all nations. " 6. Any person who does any of the things above declared unlawful, or who procures or aids another in doing any of the things above declared unlawful, shall be guilty of a misde-meanor and punished upon conviction by due process of law by a fine of not under $100 nor over $10,000 for each offense, and by imprison-ment for not over six months, in the discretion of the court. " 7. And any corporation that does or aids in doing these forbidden things shall upon conviction be fined not less than $1,000 nor Ł over $100,000 for each offense, and upon con-viction a second time for like offense shall for-feit its charter and franchise and be enjoined from operating in interstate commerce: Pro-vided, howeter, That emergency instances of charity and necessity are not included nor pun-ishable under the provisions of this act." NASHVILLE, TENN., Jan. 30, 1920. " Hon. K. McKellar, Senate, United States of America, Washington, D. C. "DEAR BROTHER MCKELLAR: On January 1, 1920, our committee from the Methodist Confer-ence by letter asked you to introduce a bill, prepared by us, to prevent national Sabbath breaking, in so far as Congress had power. " We regret not hearing from you. As chair-man of the committee and for them I write to beg you to introduce this bill. We will support it, and we feel sure it will have the support of millions. It is our God-given duty. We inclose you a copy of the resolutions our conference adopted, which you might use as a preamble to the bill. We are anxious to have your ac-tive support of this bill. It speaks, as we be-lieve, the voice of Christianity for the safety of our nation. " Please kindly let us hear from you at once. " With best wishes, " Yours respectfully, " Nom/ W. COOPER, " Chairman of the Committee." Feb. 4, 1920. " Hon. N. W. Cooper, McGavock Block, Nashville, Tenn. "MY DEAR MR. COOPER: Your letter of the 30th ultimo and also your letter of the 1st ultimo asking me to introduce a bill prohibiting pas-senger, mail, and freight trains from running on Sunday, and also prohibiting Sunday news- 