LIBERTY 35 A month later James Madison, with the evident sanction of Washington, pro-posed several amendments to the Con-stitution, the first of which was, " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to as-semble and to petition the government for a redress of grievances." As stated by Armitage in " History of Baptists," page 427 Š " The chief difference between the old Article VI and this amendment lay in the fact that in the first instance Con-gress was left at liberty to impose relig-ious tests in other cases than those of office or trust under the United States ; whereas, this amendment removed the power to make any ' law respecting' an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' " This amendment passed Congress Sept. 23, 1789, and was ratified by eleven of the thirteen States between 1789 and 1791. Evidently, it was such history as this that the Committee on the Judiciary of the Forty-third Congress examined, and upon which they based the report to which we have called attention. And this report was the answer Congress then made to those who would turn the wheels of our national progress back-ward, and nullify the blessings of liberty, for which patriot and Christian con-tended at the birth of this country. Will the Sixty-first or any succeeding Con-gress find any warrant for answering the present petition of the National Re- formers in any other way than was done by the Forty-third Congress ? or will there be a fulfilment of Jefferson's prophecy? Jefferson foresaw a retro-gradation in public opinion in the matter of individual rights. In his " Notes on Virginia," query 17, he said : Š " Besides, the spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecution and better men be his victims. It can never  be too often repeated that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest and ourselves united. From the conclusion of this war we shall be going down-hill. It will not be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, therefore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget them-selves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of 'uniting to effect a due respect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a convulsion." What shall the verdict be? So. Lancaster, Mass. Union Labor and the Civil Rest Day E. T. RUSSELL MANY of the labor unions are declar-ing in favor of enforced Sunday observ-ance, for civil or sanitary reasons. The leader of the National Federation of Labor expresses the position of that great order in the following words : Š " Not only am I personally in hearty accord with any movement which has for its object the preservation of one day's rest in seven, but the American Federa-tion of Labor has emphatically declared itself in favor of the Sunday rest day, and it has done as much, if not more, than any other organized body of men and women to enforce the observance of the Sunday rest day." These men have a perfect right to de-cide for themselves on what day they shall rest; but for them to impose their views upon those not of their member-ship would be an encroachment on indi-vidual rights, as every man has a right to determine what his work shall be, and when he shall rest. To prohibit men from exercising this right would be tyranny and oppression. The right to labor or rest is an inalienable right. The state has no right to determine 