LIBERTY 223 and foster such un-American and unpa-triotic breaches of justice in this enlight-ened age and in free America, what would they not do if the old regime were again reinstated? Let us profit by the lessons which history teaches us, and not retrace our steps ; but may we go on to a still more glorious freedom. C. S. L. IV IV IV "The Menace " Dynamited AT four o'clock on the morning of August 5, an effort was made at Aurora, Mo., to destroy the presses of the Free Press Defense League upon which is printed The Menace, an anti-Catholic weekly paper now in the sixth year of its publication. The Menace is devoted chiefly to fight-ing what it denominates " Political Ro- manism," and is not always exactly par-liamentary in what it says, nor in its manner of saying it. It has in the past invited much criticism, and some months ago its editors were tried in a United States court on a charge of having vio-lated the postal law byŁ sending obscene matter through the mails. They were ac-quitted by the jury, but were, we believe, advised by their attorneys that it might be well to have a care in the future, since they had been running very close to the line. However this may be, the tone of the paper has certainly been much improved, though it has abated nothing of its opposition to things papal. But whatever may be said or thought of The Menace, its language, and its methods, it is entitled to the protection of the law, and the attempt to silence it by the use of dynamite was dastardly. Such arguments are becoming altogether too common on the part of certain ad-herents of the Church of Rome. Anti-Catholic speakers are assaulted, some even being killed, and anti-Catholic presses are dynamited, apparently in the interests of the Roman Church and its institutions. Is it imagined by those who do such things that people will be con-vinced by such arguments that the charges made by the anti-Catholic press  are not true, and that, after all, Roman Catholicism is a beneficent thing, some-thing to be cherished by the American people? There could be no greater mis-take. If the things charged by The Menace and similar publications are not true, let those who feel aggrieved by them de-mand an investigation wherein the false-hoods of the patriotic press shall be exposed, and let The Menace and its imitators be held up to the just scorn of honest men. But if these things are true, even in part, let Rome confess and reform, instead of endeavoring to ter-rorize her enemies by boycott, assault. assassination, and dynamite. C. P. B. IV IV Iv Objectionable Bills Pending Before Congress MORE than twenty-five thousand bills and resolutions were introduced, it is said, during the recent session of Congress. When one realizes that this is simply an average of the number of bills which are introduced at each session of Congress during the same period of time, he begins to wonder if there are any rights and liberties left for the individual to enjoy. There is hardly any phase of human ex-perience in any realm that legislators do not attempt to regulate by law. The government of this republic is assuming more and more the attitude of paternal-ism toward its citizens, treating them as irresponsible wards of the state. The plainly expressed privileges and immuni-ties guaranteed to the individual, which are so emphatically safeguarded by the federal Constitution, and the document guaranteeing them, seem to be of no consequence in the estimation of some of our Congressmen. The First Amendment to the Constitu-tion expressly states that " Congress shall make no law " abridging the freedom of either religion or the press, and yet some Congressmen repeatedly introduce bills which deliberately aim to take away these Constitutional guaranties of civil and religious liberty. During the present 