LIBERTY 57 own hand its grave."Š The Times (weekly edition), London, England, Nov. 13, 1914. But let it be remembered that divine revelation has decreed the doom of the world when Turkey falls in Asia. The downfall of Turkey in Asia is the last trumpet blast announcing the death knell of all the nations at the battle of Arma- geddon. This is no time to put our trust in princes nor in riches. Our only hope is in God and his Son, through whose blood we have redemption from our sins by faith. The day of God is drawing nigh and hasteth greatly. Every one will then have to meet God at the judgment bar to give an account of himself. " Pre-pare to meet thy God." Freedom of the Press Attacked A Most Important Congressional Hearing ONE of those liberties which the Con- stitution of the United States declares shall never be abridged is the freedom of the press. That inhibition is found in the very First Amendment to the Consti- tution, which reads : Š Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the free-dom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances. No one principle of our national gov-ernment has done more to make the nation great and prosperous and enlight-ened and progressive, and its people con-tented and tolerant of each other's ideas, than the principle of equal and exact jus-tice bound up in that First Amendment. Where men are free to believe what seems to them worthy of belief, to ad-vocate what seems to them worthy of being advocated, and to publish what seems to them worthy of being pub-lished, the peace and progress and sta-bility of the nation are assured. But where these privileges are denied, dis-content breeds strife, hatred, and revolu-tion. For its own safety, therefore, as well as for the good of the people, a wise government unshackles the press and makes the press itself personally re- sponsible for the abuse of its privileges, just as she unshackles her slaves and makes them personally responsible for any abuse of their liberties. Because the freedom of the press is a fundamental principle of the American government, and because its denial would be fraught with consequences far-reaching and disastrous, the deepest in-terest has been manifested in the recent introduction into Congress of three bills whose avowed object is to curtail the freedom of the press. These bills were introduced by Congressmen John J. Fitz-gerald of New York State and James A. Gallivan of the State of Massachusetts. Mr. Fitzgerald's bill (H. R. 20644), in-troduced Jan. 7, 1915, reads as fol-lows : Š A BILL To Amend the Postal Laws Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of Amer-ica in Congress assembled, That whenever it shall be established to the satisfaction of the Postmaster-General that any person is en-gaged, or represents himself as engaged, in the business of publishing any obscene or im-moral books, pamphlets, pictures, prints, en-gravings, lithographs, photographs, or other publications, matter, or thing of an indecent, immoral, scurrilous, or libelous character, and if such person shall, in the opinion of the Postmaster-General, endeavor to use the post office for the promotion of such business, it is hereby declared that no letter, packet, parcel, newspaper, book, or other thing sent or sought to be sent through the post office by or on be-half of such person shall be deemed mailable matter, and the Postmaster-General shall make the necessary rules and regulations to exclude such nor mailable matter from the mails. Mr. Gallivan, on January 11, intro- 