LIBERTY 19 men then saw the dangers of these things which confronts us to-day. I read: Š " Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. This first effort of the kind calls for the estab-lishment of a principle which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foundation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizens. If admitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future meas-ures of the government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. All religious despotism be-gins with combination and influence." Look at the combination already outlined. And they are wheeling into line not only the religious organizations, but the labor unions of the country as well. Dr. Knee-land, one of the advocates of legal religion, stated a few weeks ago that he had had an interview with Mr. Gompers, John Mitchell, and other leading union labor men, and he said they were ready and desirous to unite in a combination to enforce Sunday observ-ance by law. A statement from the Rev. S. B. Leach gives the idea in the minds of this party. He says: " Give us good Sunday laws, well enforced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers, and our young men and women will be attracted to the divine service. A mighty combina-tion of the churches of the United States could win from Congress, the State legis-latures, and municipal councils, all legisla-tion essential to this splendid result." What they want, you see, is a law to help make people go to church and be religious. Here is what the New York District Attorney Jerome said to a committee of prominent clergymen at the Bible House, Astor Place, a few months ago, while dis-cussing methods of dealing with legislative bodies:Š "There is no way to deal with the legis-lators but to drive them, for they fear pub-lic sentiment. They can be driven like sheep if you go at them right; and let me assure you that they are dead scared of a minister. . . . If you gentlemen will take up the fight with us in Albany, you will doubtless see an amazing and instructive spectacle." But when political methods are urged for forwarding gospel work, every Christian  minister and every true church of Jesus' Christ ought to say, " Hands off." The whole duty of the gospel minister is to labor in the highways and byways and hedges, following our Master, Jesus Christ, who said, " My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight." Christ never allied himself with the state. He founded no political caucus to secure relig-ious enactments by which to coerce men's consciences. Protestants and Catholics Uniting Other and still greater combinations than those already mentioned, are being formed. The Protestant churches are uniting with the Roman Catholic on this point of Sunday enforcement. I have been informed that the New England Sabbath Protective League is actually interceding with the Catholics for their help in this matter. With such a mighty combination, wielding such a tremendous influence of power and pressure, I can see coming on apace a con-dition of things here, that, if the people are not aroused to resist them, will over-turn the principles of our government, and form here a union of religion and the state with all its baleful consequences. More religious measures were introduced into the Fifty-ninth Congress than in any Congress that preceded it, and in almost every in-stance these were Sunday bills. That is a significant fact. And heathen nations, such as China and Japan, are beginning to copy the Western World in this matter of Sun-day enforcement. Speaking of the rapid growth of the labor unions and their tendency to unite with the religious element in the enforcement of Sunday as a Sabbath of the faithful, the editor of the New York Independent says : " If all become dogmatic religionists, the days of persecution for the faithful are not over." One of the chief weapons advocated by these associations for enforcing their wishes in this matter is the boycott. If a man will not accede to their desires, they say: " We will not trade with him ; he can not work with us; he can not get trade if he is a storekeeper; he can not get men to labor for him if he is a contractor; he can not buy; he can not sell." All this was out-lined ages ago in the prophetic word: `Ł` That no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark." See Rev. 13: i6, 17. 