LIBERTY  123 and the ancient ' blue laws ' were not contemporaneous." The Lord's Day Alliance is seeking to put Americans of today back under the old Puritan Sunday blue law regime of religious intolerance. How much better t would have been for religion and Chris-tianity if the early churches, which gained the ascendancy in American poli-tics, had manifested more of the meekness and gentleness of the lowly Nazarene, whose teachings and example they so grossly misrepresented in their attitude toward the unbeliever. Christ said : " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I come not to judge the world, but to save the world. He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." John 12: 47, 48. If the professed followers of Jesus Christ had always followed his teachings and example, there could never have been such a thing possible as persecution by a Christian church. Christ never dele-gated any authority to any man or set of men, to judge and condemn men because they refuse to accept his word or to con-form to religious obligations. This is a matter that is to be adjusted " in the last day," at the judgment bar of God. " Therefore," wrote Paul, the great champion of religious liberty and the rights of conscience, " judge nothing be-fore the time, until the' Lord come, who both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness, and will make manifest the counsels of the hearts : and then shall every man have 'praise of God," who be-fore was condemned by man because he could not read the motives of the heart which determined the character of his deeds. Paul asks : " But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost thou set at naught thy brother/ for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ." " Let us not therefore judge one another any more, . . . for whatsoever is not of faith is sin." " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant ? to his own master he standeth or falleth." " So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God ; " of course, always understood of matters that are purely religious and relate to man's duty toward God. In these matters no man in a civil capacity has any authority from God to judge a single soul. God deals with sin, and civil authorities are ordained to deal only with crime and man's proper relationship with his fellow men.  C. S. L. The Origin of the Idea of Per- sonal Rights ONE of the strangest and yet most logical results of the Christian teachings and practice (and one which has been, for sufficient reasons, ignored by the theologians), was to de-velop the radical and uncompromising spirit of democracy throughout the Chris-tian communities or churches. The early Christians uniformly held that they, as Christians, belonged to a kingdom which was in, but not of, the world Ñ a king- dom for which no earthly potentate had right or power to legislate ; and this living faith loosened the bond of allegiance and dissolved the sense of obligation as to all human authority, and was the nega-tion of the lawfulness of temporal gov-ernment over the subjects of the king-dom 'for which they recognized no king but Christ. While, for the sake of peace, they were willing to render unto Czesar the things 