LIBERTY 21 of the state to determine which day is the Sabbath or how it should be observed, and that we are therefore opposed to all Sunday legislation. " 2. Resolved, That we further protest against Sunday laws,Š " (a) Because they are a menace to the welfare of both the church and the state. " (b) Because they produce hypocrites, by compelling people outwardly to appear to be religious when they are not. " (c) Because they infringe upon the rights of conscience in that they enter the realm of religion, which is the realm of conscience. "(d) Because they are a species of class legislation, in that they favor one class of religionists at the expense of others. " (e) Because they are a favorite tool of inquisitors. They encourage one class of citizens to spy upon the liberties of another class who do not believe in observ-ing the day they do. "(f) Because they compel upright and honest Christian people to appear before the courts as criminals, for exercising their right to work six days and rest on the seventh. " (g) Because they produce immorality, by making idleness ccmpulsory. " (h) Because they violate the golden rule, which says, Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them.' Those who observe Sunday wculd not wish to be compelled by law to observe another day which they do not regard as holy. "Whereas, The New England Sabbath Protective League and its allies are vigor-ously seeking to mold public sentiment in favor of Sunday legislation and the revival of the antiquated blue-laws of colonial days in the city of Boston and other places throughout New England, and,Š " Whereas, This association is bringing influence and pressure to bear upon State legislators at every session to secure more rigid Sunday laws, and,Š " Whereas, This movement is contrary to the principles enunciated by Jesus Christ, the great Author of all liberty, who said, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things Ł that are God's,' and is diametrically op-posed to the fundamental principles upon which the American government was founded, as expressed in the First Amend- ment to the Constitution: ' Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; ' therefore,Š " 3. Resolved, That we, the citizens of Boston, here assembled in Faneuil Hall, the ' cradle of liberty,' do hereby emphatically protest against this usurpation of power as represented in these efforts to secure and enforce Sunday legislation or to revive the old blue-laws; and do solemnly affirm our allegiance to the Christian principles of civil and religious liberty. " 4. And we do further resolve to use our influence and our energies to promul-gate these principles." True Freedom Is true freedom but to break Fetters for our own dear sake, And with leathern hearts forget That we owe mankind a debt? No; true freedom is to share All the chains our brothers wear, And, with heart and hand, to be In earnest to make others free. They are slaves who fear to speak For the fallen and the weak ; They are slaves who will not choose Hatred, scoffing, and abuse, Rather than in silence shrink From the truth they needs must think ; They are slaves who dare not be In the right with two or three. Š James Russell Lowell. Who Only Love Freedom NONE can love freedom heartily but good men; the rest love not freedom, but license. which never hath more scope, or more indul-gence, than under tyrants. Hence it is that tyrants are not oft offended by, nor stand much in doubt of, bad man, as being all naturally servile; but in whom virtue and true worth most is eminent, them they fear in earnest, as by right their masters; against them lies all their hatred and sus-picion.Š Milton. FORCE convinces of nothing but its own existence. The religion of Jesus Christ mellows the heart and leads men to God. 