LIBERTY (1079) 29 Council of the Churches of Christ in America : " We stand, first of all, upon the distinctive principle of the right of private judgment, . . . but the day for insistence upon that right, in the judg- ment of many of us, has gone by." He declared that he did not want to see his denomination " so emphasize the right of private judgment as to injure cooperation and federation." The po-sition is simply this : While the right of private judgment was the platform of the Reformation, the time for standing upon that platform as the great Reformer did, has gone by. Thus organization number two abandons the principle ; and it is a principle that is as necessary to true con-version and acceptance with God as the sun-light is to the day. They can not be sepa-rated. The National Re-form Association es-pouses the same dan-gerous and un-Ameri-can principles in these words, which were spoken at the Winona Lake (Ind.) National Reform Institute in August last : " The conscience of the individual must not be exalted above the conscience of the state. . . . The state has rights ; it has a charac-ter, a soul, a conscience, a life, of of its own ; and it is bound to maintain its rights as against the so-called rights of the individual." That principle, ma-king the state a moral entity, which must have a religion of its own and a conscience of its own, and must ex- ercise them even at the expense of sacrificing the consciences of its in-dividual subjects, does in reality out-law all rights of conscience, all private judgment. This organization thus makes itself a true yokefellow of the other two. The American Federation of Catholic Societies, which is the organized political whip of the Roman hierarchy in Amer-ica, stands upon the same foundation as the other three. It is under the direction of the Holy See and amenable to all the de-crees of the Vatican. Hear one of those de-crees : " It is permitted neither to think nor to teach otherwise than the court of Rome directs." Š Pope Marcellus's De-crees, Corpus J u r i s Cononici, part 2, chapter 18. So this federation falls in line with the other three ; but not sim-ply as departing from the principles of the right of private judgment, but as denying the right in toto. All these organi-zations have the same basic idea Š the domi-nance of religious so-cieties in civil matters ; the enactment, through their influence, of laws which shall have to do with the religious concernments of the people, and the enforcement upon the people of such laws ; and not only so, but to alter, if necessary, the fundamental law of the land Š the Constitution Š so as to make such leg-islation constitutional. Many scout the idea of any such union for that or any other purpose ; but the parties directly involved do not a STATUE OF LIBERTY, NEW YORK HARBOR See reference to important inscrip- tion inside this monument, in article on page 15 