LIBERTY Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof  Lev. 25:10. VoL. III  THIRD QUARTER, 1908  No. 3 Editorial THE same authority which ordained both the church and the state ordained that they should occupy distinct spheres, and the violation of this divine principle will result in disaster both to the church and to the state. BECAUSE the founders of this govern-ment believed in Christianity, they made every provision against the union of church and state in the national govern-ment. There is now danger that the principles which they advocated may be repudiated, and every lover of liberty should be on the alert to prevent such a disaster. IT is not sufficient that the purpose of a man or of an organization of men should be good, in order to justify the method followed in seeking to accom-plish the purpose. We should be glad to see the principles of Christianity as enunciated in the ten commandments and summarized in the principle of love to God and love to one's neighbor, exem-plified in the lives of all the citizens of the United States, but we are opposed to any effort to enforce these command-ments by law. The great apostle to the Gentiles said : " Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men ; "  but neither by precept nor example did he ever authorize the use of civil power to compel men. What We Believe WE believe in a properly constituted civil authority and in a pure religion. We are, therefore, opposed to any sem-blance of a union between church and state. \Are believe in divine authority in spir-itual things, and are, therefore, opposed to the use of the civil power to enforce even the appearance of a regard for any religious institution. We believe that the union of religion and the state is the same in principle, and will produce the same results, as a union of church and state. We are, therefore, just as much opposed to the former as to the latter. We believe in religion as a personal experience, and should be glad to have all men in public life true to the prin-ciples of the gospel of Christ ; but we are uncompromisingly opposed to a state religion, or to any compulsion in relig-ion. It is of the very essence of Chris-tianity that it should be free. We believe that a union of church and state or the union of religion and the state will inevitably have a tendency to 