26 LIBERTY Day of Rest in the District of Colum-bia." Now, " Sunday as a day of rest " means Sunday as a sabbath, for the word sabbath means rest; and to enforce a day of rest upon the people is to enforce a sabbath upon the people. In view of the fact that sabbath means rest, and that this bill proposes to enforce a day of rest, it is perfectly proper to state that  must be religious if he is to be permitted to carry on his usual occupation on Sun-day. The unbeliever must observe the day whether he is willing or not. In the second place, it is not sufficient that a man rest upon some other day of the week in order to enjoy release from the provisions of the bill Š he must ob-serve that day as a sabbath. THE NEW MUNICIPAL BUILDING, WASHINGTON, D. C. In this building the District Commissioners hold hearings on legislation affecting the District the title of this bill is, in effect, "An Act for the Proper Observance of Sunday as a Sabbath in the District of Columbia." This fact is further shown in the ex-emption clause in Section I: "Provided, That persons who are members of a re-ligious society, who observe as a Sab-bath any other day in the week than Sunday, shall not be liable to the penal-ties prescribed in this Act if they observe as a Sababth one day in each seven, as herein provided." It ought to be appar-ent to every person able to understand the English language that the enforced keeping of some day of the week " as a sabbath " is the purpose of the proposed law. In the first place the exempted person In the third place, the exempted per-son must be not only religious and an observer of some other day than Sunday as a sabbath, but he must be a member of a religious society that observes that day. It matters not how conscientiously a person may believe another day to be the Sabbath of Jehovah, he must be able to show church-membership, or suffer the penalty of the law for performing any labor on the first day of the week. A man's religious faith and religious practise are thus made determining fac-tors in maintaining his place as a free citizen of his country. Such require-ments savor not of religious liberty, but of intolerance, tyranny, and persecttion. This is not the spirit of advancement, 