LIBERTY 87 on Saturday. Other church people in this city observe Sunday in their own ay, while many people use it purely for rest and not worship at all. I am opposed to the law, as it is a confes-sion on the part of the churches demanding it that unless they have legislative help their work will go down. However, closing up all avenues of pleasure does not mean that all these people will go to church. It does mean, however, that a gulf wider than that which separated Dives and Lazarus will be made, to the lasting injury of the church. I am opposed to it again, as it looks like a legislative sanction of Sunday religion, the shame of all religion. One day a week for worship will never overcome six days of wrongdoing or inhumanity. I am opposed to this law again, for there is no authority whatever in the Bible for the Christian's Sunday. If we are going to re-sort to the real, legally instituted day of rest,  it is Saturday, and every individual working on Saturday breaks the Bible day of rest and worship. One of the most prominent Cath-olic bishops of New York offered a reward of $1,000 to any one who would by the Bible prove he must keep Sunday holy. He still has his money. . . . Cannot Make People Take Religion You can drive people to church, perhaps, but you cannot make them take religion. A chaplain at a penitentiary has a faithful au-dience, and often a growing one, but there is much about it unsatisfactory. It is little pleasure and profit to preach love to a gagged mortal. What is bad on Sunday is just as bad any other day, and what is fit for a week day is fit for Sunday. . . . The church can stand without legislative support; if it cannot, the divineness of its mission is doubtful. So says LIBERTY. C. S. L. Congressional Discussion on the Establishment of Religious Freedom for the Philippine Government HoN. WM. H. MURRAY, a Representa-tive in Congress from the State of Okla-homa, and formerly president of the Ok-lahoma Constitutional Convention and speaker of the first legislature, offered the following amendment to the house bill which provided for the establishment of religious freedom in the Philippine constitution: Š That H. R. 18459 be amended as follows: Š On page 5, line 9, strike out the period, in-sert a semicolon, and add the following: " and no religious test shall be required for the exercise of civil or political rights. No public money or property shall ever be ap-propriated, applied, donated, or used, directly or indirectly, for the use, benefit, or support of any sect, church, denomination, or system of religion, or for the use, benefit, or support of any priest, preacher, minister, or other religious teacher or dignitary or sectarian institution as such. Polygamous or plural marriages are forever prohibited." We have taken the following remarks of the Hon. Wm. H. Murray upon his amendment from the Congressional Rec-ord of Oct. 6, 1914: Š This amendment, varying just a bit from the old original statute written by Thomas Jefferson, and found in the constitution of Virginia of 1830, and which has trickled down since in all the Virginia constitutions, should find lodgment wherever a government of lib-erty is to be found. . . . Freedom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom of religion Šall these are essential to every government of liberty, whatever may be its form. Yet in the grant of the freedom of speech there is dan-ger of an abuse of that right, but the abuse must be accepted in order to get the larger and the superior right. So also in the grant of the freedom of -the press. The press may abuse and slander the most patriotic and hon-orable public servant, and no doubt every member here has felt the sting of that abuse. And yet the larger liberty is so essential that we accept the evil consequences flowing there-from. Religious liberty may, as it has been some-times argued, encourage heresy, but we must accept the heresy in order to get that larger liberty. Without that liberty there can be no intelligent solution of the great problem of the beyond. Whatever your view may be or mine, we certainly have the right in all gov-ernment unrestrained to exercise that view. Pardon my saying that I hold to that phi-losophy of creed that would comprehend " liv-ing the life," and that no function, individual, 