011r Prthrt Kani i f Kihrrtu " He that looketh into the perfect law, the law of liberty, and so continueth, being not a hearer that forgetteth but a doer that worketh, this man shall be blessed in his doing." James i : 25, A. R. V. " Proclaim liberty throughout the land, unto all the inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25: JO MAN'S DUTY TO GOD I.  " I am Jehovah thy God, who brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. Thou shalt have no other gods before me." II.  " Thou shalt not make unto thee a graven image, nor any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth: thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve them; for I Jehovah thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children, upon the third and upon the fourth generation of them that hate me, and showing loving-kindness unto thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments." III.  " Thou shalt not take the name of Jehovah thy God in vain; for Jehovah will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain." IV.  " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is a Sabbath unto Jehovah thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man-servant, nor thy maid-servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days Jehovah made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore Jehovah blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." MAN'S DUTY TO MAN V.  " Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days may be long in the land which Jehovah thy God giveth thee." VI.  " Thou shalt not kill." VII.  " Thou shalt not commit adultery." VIII.  " Thou shalt not steal." IX.  " Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor." X.  " Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, thou shalt not covet thy neigh-bor's wife, nor his man-servant, nor his maid-servant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor anything that is thy neighbor's." " On these two commandments the whole law hangeth, and the prophets." Matt. 22:40. These precepts wrought out in human lives are the surest guaranty of human liberties. 