LIBERTY  3 free press,Ñought not lightly to prize the liberties which we enjoy. They have been purchased at a great price. Old Principles Retained While the principles of civil and religious liberty upon which the government of the United States was founded exerted so powerful an influence throughout the civilized world, there was not a general and complete renunciation of all forms of des-potism. Many seemed afraid to step squarely out upon these principles. In various ways there was still a clinging to " the old order of things." While the prin-ciples of the Reformation of the sixteenth LIBERTY BELL century demanded the entire separation of church and state, the reformed churches themselves soon united church and state, and made their respective beliefs the estab-lished religions of their countries. Even in the United States, as Dr. Philip Schaff observes, " some features of a union of church and state remain in some of the States even to this day." Nearly all have their Sunday laws, and the section in the national Constitution allowing the Presi-dent ten days in which to sign and return a bill, has, in parenthesis, the words, " Sunday excepted." In this one thing, perhaps, more than in any other, has been retained in this country a feature Ñ the very germ and taproot Ñ of church and state union. A Backward Move And now, in order to give life, form, and effect to these seeds of church-and-state  union thus retained, there is a widespread movement to have the national government commit itself fully to a course of religious legislation, establish religion here by law, and swing this nation back into the " old order of things." The leading Protestant churches of the country are organizing with a view to bringing their united pressure upon the government, in order to secure such legis-lation as they demand. In this movement there lurks a most dangerous evil. Many connected with it do not see whither the undercurrent is tending, nor what the suc-cess of the movement will mean,Ñ what it will mean not only to this country, but to all the world for this nation to repudiate the principles upon which it was founded. To warn against the dangers here threatened, and to perpetuate in the world as long as possible the glorious principles of liberty, this document has been issued. W. A. C. THE complete separation between the proper spheres of religion and the civil gov-ernment is made evident from the fact that while civil government aims at justice alone, Christianity aims at both justice and mercy. To show mercy to the offender, as Christian-ity demands, would be quickly fatal to civil government; and to punish the offender without mercy, as civil government de-mands, would entirely defeat the purpose of the gospel. Christianity is not opposed to civil gov-ernment, but is a separate and higher form of government, the one being a govern-ment of men, the other the government of God. In Christianity, mercy is not opposed to justice, even in the strictest form, but " mercy rejoiceth against judgment." Jus-tice for the transgression of God's law is secured by the penalty paid by the Son of God on the cross, and mercy is therefore at the same time free to the transgressor. The government of God is carried on by his own agencies,Ñ his Word, his Son as high priest, his angels, and the Holy Spirit Only by such agencies could such a gov-ernment be conducted. Any attempt to commingle Christianity and civil govern-ment is therefore contrary to the nature and purpose of each, and can result only in harm. 