LIBERTY 159 pensions, a minimum wage, a free Sun- day, and reduction of labor hours." In discussing this subject the Presbyterian of the South (Aug. 7, 1912) sounds a note of warning, which ought to receive the serious consideration of the Federal Council. We quote : Š But if reforms in these particulars are to be secured by official intermeddling on the part of the church's representatives, with legislation by State and national governments, we may ask, Where will the thing end ? what legislation on moral and humanitarian interests may not be offi-cially demanded of the state by the church? and what answer have we to make to the claim of Rome that the church must require that the interests of religion shall be promoted by the state ? The churches may declare themselves in their several courts or legislative bod-ies as favorable to legislation by the civil power that will promote public morals and social purity and happiness ; but when the church through authorized de-liverances or through accredited repre-sentatives attempts to shape specific acts of civil legislation, it is on dangerous ground. For cases extraordinary which seriously involve the interests of religion, we have precedents in both inspired and  uninspired history, of humble petition to the civil power. But the trend of our day is to promote the cause of righteous-ness by conventional devices rather than by the gracious resources provided by Him who said, " My kingdom is not of this world." The free hand of modern experiments may be pointing backward to, an earlier age of spiritual bondage. For when the church as such uses its op-portunity to frame and direct the policies of the state, then may the state in turn claim the right to use opportunities for dictating the policies of the church. Following up this subject in its next issue, the Presbyterian said : Š It has been pretty hard in the past for deliberative bodies of the church to abstain from intermeddling with the af-fairs of the state, and it will require ceaseless vigilance in the future. One of the most important lessons which history teaches is that any direct union between the church and the state is an injury to both. The separation of the two is of divine arrangement. It would have been much better if this ar-rangement had always been conscien- tiously regarded by the church. !If Itf siF Putting the Church Over the State A Warning for THE following appeared in El Comer-cio of Quito, Ecuador, Jan. 9, 1912, under the heading " Colombia : "Š Law 59-1911, Regarding the Press and Other Means of Publicity. The Congress of Colombia DECREES: ARTICLE I: That newspapers and other periodicals can not make announce-ments by posters or by calling out, with-out the title of the paper, the date of its publication, its political color, and the name of its editor. Any infractions of this article will be punished with a fine of from five to ten pesos, gold. ART. II: The posters in which invi-tations are extended to public meetings, in the name of whatever society, can not the United States be put up without being signed. In case of violation, the director of the printing establishment in which the posters were printed, will suffer a fine of from five to ten pesos, gold. Invitations to public meetings can also be signed with the name of one or various periodicals. ART. III: That no notice which, in its title or in its text, has anything ob-scene, or defamatory invitations against one or various persons, whether ordinary citizens or occupying legal positions, can be put up in any public place. Infrac-tions of this article will be punished with a fine of from one to ten pesos ; and in case of a second offense, with from one to five days' imprisonment. This punish-ment for putting up the notice does not release the offender from the penalty 