WOODROW WILSON President Woodrow Wilson and Speaker Champ Clark on American Liberty THE rededication of Congress Hall, Philadelphia, Oct. 25, 1913, was a fitting opportunity for reviewing some of the principles upon which this government was founded, and which have found ex-pression in its history. Both the occa-sion and the plaCe were rich in sug-gestion, and nat-urally turned the thoughts of t h e orators to t h e achievements o f those men w h o builded a new na-tion and estab-lished new ideas in government. The men of today sa-luted the men of yesterday and paid tribute to that gen-ius which was able to cope with trying circumstances s o wisely as to trans-mit to later gener-ations the blessings of freedom for the body and the soul. Chief among the speakers were Hon. Woodrow Wilson, the President of the United States, and Hon. Champ Clark, the Speaker of the House of Represent-atives. From the official text of their addresses we take the following extracts, which are worthy of a wide reading. President Wilson said, in part : Ñ We have stumbled upon many tin-happy circumstances in the hundred years that have gone by since the event that we are celebrating. Almost all of them have come from self-centered men, Ñ men who saw in their own interest the interest of the country, and who did not have vision enough to read it in wider terms, in the universal terms of  equity and justice and the rights of man-kind. I hear a great many people at Fourth of July celebrations laud the Declaration of Independence who in be-tween Julys shiver at the plain language of our bills of rights. The Declaration of Independence was, indeed, the first audible breath of liberty, but the substance of lib-erty is written in such documents as the declaration of rights  attached, for example, to the first  constitution of Virginia, which was a model for the similar docu-ments read else-where into o u r great fundamental charters.  That document speaks in very plain terms. The men of that generation did not hesitate to say that every people has a right to choose its own forms of gov-ernment Ñ n o t 'once, but as often as it pleases Ñ and to accommodate those forms of government to its existing in-terests and circumstances. Not only to establish but to alter is the fundamental principle of self-government. We are just as much under compul-sion to study the particular circum-stances of our own day as the gentlemen were who sat in this hall and set us prec-edents, not of what to do but of how to do it. Liberty inheres in the circum-stances of the day. Human happiness consists in the life which human beings are leading at the time that they live. I can feed my memory as happily upon the circumstances of the revolutionary and constitutional period as you can, but I cannot feed all my purposes with them in Washington now. Every clay prob- 37 