34 /. /PERT Y before them that the founders of the new American government sought by constitu-tional provision to keep this country from committing itself to the first step along the path of religious legislation. Strange it is that to-day, in spite of constitutional pro-vision, in spite of the warning voice of history, and the clear teaching of the Word of God, religious leaders are pressing our legislators into that dangerous and forbid-den path. Of National Significance WHETHER Congress passes a District Sunday law or not is of interest to more, and concerns more, than the people of the District of Columbia. It is of national, and, we may even say, of world-wide sig-nificance, involving, as it does, a funda-mental principle of legislation, and the establishment of a precedent in legislation on the part of this, the foremost of nations. That I speak advisedly in saying this, I need but cite the fact that at the annual meeting of the Executive of the Federation of Sunday Rest Associations of America, including Canada, held in Philadelphia last May, action was taken recommending the various societies embraced in this Fed-eration to secure and send in petitions to Congress urging the passage of laws that shall,Š " 1. Compel the Alaska, Yukon, Pacific Exposition to close its grounds entirely on Sunday. " 2. Compel all railway companies to diminish the Sunday work of their em-ployees as much as practicable; and,Š " 3. Secure an efficient Sunday law to the District of Columbia." Similar action was also taken by the In-ternational Sunday Rest Congress, held last September 25 and 26, at the Jamestown Exposition. In the published " Report of the International Federation of Sunday Rest Associations of America," for 1907, distributed at this Congress (page 5), ap-pears the following: Š " The District of Columbia has no Sun-day law. We should secure the passage of one by an act of Congress as soon as pos-sible." We repeat, therefore, that the enactment of such a law as is called for by the Dis-trict Sunday-law bills now pending, is of national and international significance, in- volving a question of constitutional and inalienable rights. It can not, therefore, be treated as a matter of little concern. Mo-mentous consequences hang upon this issue. The question is not merely whether a few hundred or a few thousand laborers and employees in Washington shall have the privilege of resting one day in seven without fear of being discharged by their employers; but, Shall Congre'ss enter upon a course of legislation which, for over a century, it has steadily refused to do? shall it disregard and violate the Consti-tion ? shall it enact a religious law? In 1889, when the Blair National Sun-day Rest Bill was before Congress, Rev. W. F. Crafts, who prepared the bill, said:Š "The national law is needed to make the State laws complete and effective."Š Chris-tian Statesman, April II, 1889. In view of what is already going on in this respect in the States, what, we ask, may be expected here when those now clamoring for national Sunday legislation secure the laws they desire? Plainly, national legislation upon this subject is desired as a precedent, and to give national sanction to the State Sunday laws and their enforcement. It is desired to establish Sunday as the Sabbath of the nation.Š Extract from the argument of W. A. Colcord, Secretary of the Religious Liberty Bureau, before the District Com-missioners, March 13, 1908. Macaulay on the Puritan Parliament WHEN a government, not content with requiring decency, requires sanctity, it oversteps the bounds which mark its proper functions. And it may be laid down as a universal rule that a government which attempts more than it ought will perform less. A lawgiver who, in order to pro-tect distressed borrowers, limits the rate of interest, either makes it impossible for the objects of his care to borrow at all, or places them at the mercy of the worst class of usurers. A lawgiver who, from tenderness for laboring men, fixes the hours of their work and the amount of their wages is certain to make them far more wretched than he found them. And so a government which, not content with re- 