Reproduced by the Newspap tion and till 80 LIBERTY when he failed to attend church, in compliance with the town's peculiar blue laws' " Public sentiment had been stirred against recent publicity of the town's singular customs. " The Rev. W. F. Godwin, who ministers to the flock of churchgoers who retain the visions of Pilgrim forefathers, and stop little short of the pillory in punishing violation of religious precepts, probably saved the life of the motion picture operator. " With hands upraised, he cautioned the an-gered fishermen against violence. " The mob was satisfied only when the man promised to leave. The inhabitants watched him as he was taken away in a boat. " His machine was destroyed, with a reel and a half of film he had taken. The villagers threaten to expel any newspaper men who visit the town." Some of the natives of Tangier are very zealous in requiring others to con-form to the Sunday laws which they have made, but they themselves pay no heed to the highest law of the nation that gives every citizen the right of unmolested passage through any of the territory of the United States, as well as unrestricted rights in interstate commerce. They vio-lated the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution, which forbids the taking of property without due process of law. People who believe in a compulsory reli-gion usually know no limitations concern-ing their own prerogatives. The affair on Tangier Island should teach us a lasting lesson concerning the baneful results of a union of church and state. A church power centralized in the hands of a few men is always dangerous. The church officers are tempted to be-come arrogant and overbearing. When there was but one dominant church, with its power and authority centralized in the hands of a few men, during medieval times, religious liberty was unknown. Civilization retrograded under the hand of oppression, and progress along all lines was checked until, as a result of the Reformation, the individual conscience was set free and rival religious sects were granted the privilege of operating in the same field where the legal and estab-lished religion had hitherto reigned su-preme. 