Ł LIBERTY 41 Church of England. The bishops are ap-pointed by him, and are members of the House of Lords ; but does that make the Church of England any less a religious institution? Does it follow that there is no union of church and state in England because the church has been made by civil law a civil institution ? Certainly not ; and no more is Sunday made a civil institution in any proper sense by being recognized and enforced as a sabbath by civil enactment. And all thinking men know it. c. P. B. Sunday Observance Not Depend-ent Upon Civil Law THE following is from page 95 of " The Sabbath for Man," by Rev. Wil-bur F. Crafts, edition of 1885 : Š A Chicago merchant writes : " Christian homes in Chicago and in New England differ little Š a careful observance by parents and children of the proprieties of the day [Sun-day], and a mingling together as a family in happy little teachings and enjoyments, which make the day both Christian and pleasant." A San Francisco pastor gives a like answer to the question, " Where have you seen the best Sabbath observance ? " " Among the Christian people of California. The characteristics of their Sabbath observance are, sweetness and light; reverence tempered with love; joyous-ness and rare fidelity in Christian service; teaching in the Sunday schools and mission schools; visiting the sick, the poor, and the prisoner; holding service in almshouses and hospitals; giving Christlike ministration to those in trouble, want, and sorrow." Our object in quoting this from Mr. Crafts' book is to show that the Sabbath and Sabbath keeping are not in any de-gree dependent upon civil laws, and this is true without any reference to the day of the week observed. Thousands of seventh-day observers keep the Bible Sabbath every week, while the world is busy all around them. They are not dis-turbed, for such disturbance is merely a state of the mind; it is a feeling of annoyance because others do not regard the things that we regard. The Seventh-day Baptist or Seventh-day Adventist is not disturbed in the least by the labor and business going on around him, be- cause he expects nothing else. But the Sunday keeper is disturbed by the mere knowledge that work is going on or that business is being transacted, and his feelings are very much outraged, simply because he feels that such things ought not to be permitted on that day. The quotation from Mr. Crafts' book shows, however, that even Sunday keep-ers may very easily become immune to this imaginary disturbance. At the time the letters quoted by Mr. Crafts were written, and until quite recently, Chi-cago was what is known as a " wide-open town; " that is, there was then no pretense of enforcing the Sunday law, though there was one upon the statute books of the State; yet those who wanted to observe Sunday had no difficulty in doing so. The same is true of Califor-nia. For many years it has been with-out a Sunday law, and yet instead of re-ferring to New England or Pennsylvania for the best example of Sunday keeping, a San Francisco pastor claims that dis-tinction for his own State and his own city, and gives particulars to support his claim. The fact is that the Sabbath Š whether by that term one understands the first day or the seventh Š is a reli-gious institution, and as such must be observed voluntarily or not at all. Of what value is mere idleness? Nothing is more vicious ; but heartfelt spiritual service, voluntarily rendered, is uplift-ing. That is the reason why the volun-tary observers of Sunday in Chicago and San Francisco are upon a higher spir-itual plane than are their brethren in other cities where Sunday laws are more rigidly enforced. There is nothing more utterly perni-cious than idleness, but idleness is all a statute-enforced sabbath has to offer. Worship cannot be compelled, and when business, labor, games, and excursions are forbidden, only vice-breeding idle- ness is left for those who know not true worship. In our next number we will print an article citing facts to prove our statement. 