LIBERTY "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Leo. 25: 10. VOL. XI THIRD QUARTER, 1916 No. 5 A United States Congressman on Religious Liberty 131" HON. W. H. COLEMAN * MR. SPEAKER,Š . . . Feeling deeply on this subject, .1 purpose speaking plainly. The history of the past is full of political persecution, which other gov-ernments have vainly sought to justify. Most of these persecutions are trace-able to the Old World idea on interde-pendence of church and state. But when the Puritans of Massachusetts, who sought a home in this Western wilderness in which they might worship Almighty God as they deemed best, drove from their community that champion of reli-gious liberty, Roger Williams, they pre-pared the way for the colony of Rhode Island, where was founded the first State to establish itself firmly on the rock of liberty of conscience for all men. True, for a brief period under the em-pire in the time of Constantine, the Edict of Milan introduced a universal and un-conditional religious freedom. The em-peror, while encouraging the Christian religion, was able to see and argue that to constrain by fear was no proper means Ł When the immigration bill was before the House of Representatives, Mr. W. H. Coleman, of Pennsyl-vania, expressed his views of religious liberty. They were printed in the Congressional Record of March 25, 1916. Mr. Coleman gives an interesting review of the struggle for liberty of belief and worship. C. E. 11. of conversion. He saw clearly what be-came the corner stone of the little colony of Rhode Island, that conscience demands for all men what it asks for itself. Yet this brief period of time in the fourth century was the only exception among the Christian nations to the rule of union or dependence of church and state. Union of Church and State The reason for this universal idea is found in the supremacy of the church after the fall of the empire, for with that fall civilized Rome was face to face with the barbarism of the north. It was the church to which all eyes turned, and to the church is due the credit of saving society from the wreck. It was the only stable thing in the midst of that universal ruin; and, faithfully performing its duty, it not only saved society, but civilized and made Christian the northern invaders. The supremacy of the church was the inevitable result, and it continued to sway a powerful influence in civil affairs until checked by the rise of nationalism, fol-lowing in the footsteps of the Reforma-tion. But with the establishing of the nation followed the desire of the nation's chief to control the religion of his realm ; and so. whether under Catholic or Protestant 131 