68 LIBERTY The World's Only Hope Is in the Cross thou seest the naked, . . . that thou cover him; and that thou hide not thyself from thine own flesh." James says : " Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the father-less and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world." Christ, addressing those who go to the place prepared for the devil and his an-gels, when he judges all men, says: " I was a hungered, and ye gave me no meat : I was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink : I was a stranger, and ye took me not in : naked, and ye clothed me not : sick, and in prison, and ye visited me not. . . . Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these, ye did it not to me." Professing One Thing, Practising Another Our Christianity is measured, not by what we profess to believe, but by what we actually practise. The world is losing faith in humanity for the want of a little love and human sympathy. The salt of the earth is fast losing its savor, because too often the Christian who professes to work for the welfare of the soul is, by robbery, denying the needs of the body. There is virtually no difference between the profiteering greed of such Christians and the selfishness of the common world-ling. The church needs to cleanse her-self before she can heal the sore of the world. There is no hope of the world's getting better so long as there is no prac-tical difference between it and the church. Speaking in the Be-lasco Theater, Wash-ington, D. C., May 2, to a gathering of the Interchurch World Movement, Vice-Pres-ident Marshall, laid down some sound principles which many Christians seem to have forgotten. He said : " It is idle to legislate for purity if the priest above his book is to leer at his neighbdr's wife. It is vain to enact laws punishing murder if the elders are to continue working little chil-dren to death. It is useless to forbid larceny if the deacons make large church contributions out of excess profits wrung jointly from labor and the ultimate consumer." Mr. Marshall put his finger on the sore spot of the church when he said : " The church, with a complaisant smile, has turned over to the state the enforcement of the moral law, and the state has failed, as it al-ways will, to enforce it, while the man of the street sneers at the church." Men Not Tired of Real Christianity " The man on the street is not tired of the words of the Nazarene. When the church takes back the disciplining of the moral and religious life of its members, when it trains up its chil-dren with fixed views, when it proves its faith in the communion of the saints by its works, its courts will be thronged with worshipers, and there will be no need for patchwork legisla-tion to reconcile labor and capital, nation and nation."Š Washington Herald, May 3, 1920. The church is depending too much on the state to enforce church discipline and church ritualism. The church is grossly negligent in disciplining its own members when they violate the moral law. It has to a large extent, shifted this responsibility to the civil magistrate and the policeman. But the state has failed to legislate religion into people be-cause the state was never ordained of God for such a purpose. Moral princi-ples can be visualized and translated into human life only by the agency of a spirit-ual power which must first change the heart and nature of man, thus adapting 