LIBERTY 201 fers from even a seven-days' work. That idea has long ago been exploded. But it is con-ceded that all men need a day for mental and spiritual uplift and the Constitution gives that man his choice of days. If he chooses not to take it, who shall say to him, ' I will compel you'? " The Prohibition Party needs every man and woman in the nation to make effectual its great reform, the anni-hilation of the rum traffic. It cannot afford to be sidetracked or made the cat's paw of religious legislative or-ganizations or Sabbath-day associa-tions. . . . " If you want to say that every man is entitled to his own day of rest and his own choice of it, and shall be protected in his rights, he alone being judge as to what God may require of him, well and good. That is already demanded by the Con-stitution of the United States. It needs no party platform to establish that right. No party platform can help any man in his decisions as to worship or rest. For this convention to declare for the preservation and defense of the Sabbath as a civil in-stitution, and even saying, ' Without oppressing any who religiously ob-serve the same or any other day,' is both contrary to the principle of civil and religious liberty and an injustice even to the majority of our American citizens, as well as oppres-sive in its true workings .when be-coming a law. It is not equal rights. Tolerations and exemptions are never equal rights for any citizen. The rights of a dozen men are as sacred as of a million. " The verdict of history is that divine authority alone can create a Sabbath rest or religious institution and that the whole question should be removed from the realm of civil legislation. All who have tried to uphold any dogma, or rest day, or religious institution by civil enactments have done their own cause great harm and utterly failed in their object, while oppressing good and loyal citizens who differed with them.. . " My friends, keep this out of our national platform. We cry out against class legislation. The very principle of this is class legislation. " Lovingly, kindly, and conscientiously, I protest against any plank favoring rest days or sabbath days or civil holidays. In human-ity's name, and in God's name, keep it out." To all of which every true American and true patriot should give his undivided and hearty assent. c. E. H. Should the State Foster Religion? AUGUST 8, in accepting the nomination for the Presidency tendered him by the National Prohibition party, ex-Governor Hanly of Indiana was reported as saying, in part: Š FRANK J. HANLY, EX-GOVERNOR OF INDIANA, ESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE OF THE NATIONAL PROHIBITION PARTY " With your declaration ' for the absolute separation of church and state with the guar-anty of full religious and civil liberty' I am in complete accord. No religious organization Š either the great church of which I am a member, or any other Š should exercise dom-ination over the political action of individuals or of groups of individuals. " No disabilities should be imposed and no privileges conferred on account of his religion. The state should not only have toleration for return of the friars to their parishes will lead every religion, but should protect and foster all." With the most of this, every right- HON. PR 