LIBERTY Would that there were no disquieting symptoms that determined and con-stant efforts are being made to under-mine this basic principle ; would that there were no narrow spirit existing through the length and breadth of the land, that attempts to arouse prejudice against a candidate for the highest office in the gift of the people,Š a man noble and true and fit in all respects,Što arouse prejudice against such a man because he is a Unitarian and does not believe in the divinity of Christ. There is a movement ramifying into all parts of the land, the object of whose leaders and promoters it is to resurrect the unholy alliance be-tween church and state which the fathers of the republic thought they had made impossible by making the separation a part of the law of the land.ŠDavid Philipson, in The Chicago Israelite, Dec. 12, 1908. Religion in Politics SUPPOSE a candidate " religiously " be-lieves that he owes allegiance primarily, not to his government, but to an ecclesi-astical potentate, who claims infallibility in temporal as in spiritual things ; and believes, too, that this potentate's claims to universal allegiance from all the rulers of all the earth are well founded, though in every country where his supremacy has been acknowledged it has resulted in the ignorance of the masses, in re-ligious, and social, and political intoler-ance and despotism. Is it an " outrage " for the elector about to deposit his ballot to stop and " religiously " inquire into the " religious belief " of this candidate for his suffrage? If a candidate's church has, on his entering it, exacted from him a vow of primary allegiance to its ecclesiastical potentate, he must either prove false to his vow or to his government. In either case, he is not to be trusted. Suppose, again, that a part of a candi-date's religion is a belief that it is mor-ally and politically right to have many wives instead of only one wife, and that  government should be so framed and conducted as to protect him in his polyg-amous practises ? Is it an " outrage " for the voter to agitate the question of that candidate's religious conviction ?Š Ex-tract from an open letter to President Roosevelt from Dr. Silas C. Swallow, of Harrisburg, Pa., a former candidate for the presidency on the Prohibition ticket. Ł-.11111.-Ł  The True Protestant Position ROMAN CATHOLICS in this country have taken great offense at the action of those Lutheran and Baptist bodies which have disapproved of President Roose-velt's published letter sanctioning the idea of a Catholic president of this re-public. They loudly deny the statements made in the letter of protest published by the Lutheran clergy of New York, but in quoting from this letter they are care-ful not to give that part of it which quotes official papal utterances proving the truth of the contention that the pope assumes the right to direct his followers in political as well as in religious affairs. They dare not quote this part of the Lu-theran letter. They do not want such testimony brought into public view. In defending the position of their church in the matter, Catholics point to the fact that there have been many in-stances of church and state union in Protestant governments, and that Prot-estants in this nation are seeking for such a union to-day. In this the Catholics are correct; and it only emphasizes the truth that every justification by Protes-tants of such a union exposes them to the charge of inconsistency, which Cath-olics are not slow to bring against them. The true Protestant position never sanc-tions union of church and state. The unions of that sort which have been maintained by Protestant nations were based not on the principles of Protes-tantism, but on those of the papacy, from which Protestants were not in many cases able to shake themselves wholly free.Š The Watchman. 