CHRISTIAN IX, LATE KING OF DENMARK 30 LIBERTY those one hundred workmen were using structural material in the work of con-structing that building. Would you be willing to see that going on? W. W. PRESCOTT : I would say that the same law which protects public worship should protect it every day of the week; that it does not require any special leg-islation for any, clay or time. Such legis-lation as protects public worship should protect it every day of the week. That would be my reply. REPRESENTATIVE KAHN: Are you a Seventh-day Adventist? W. W. PRESCOTT : Yes, sir; I am. REPRESENTATIVE KAHN: Suppose the Seventh-day Adventists go to church on Saturday. Suppose you were in your church on Saturday, and there was a seven-story building going up near where you were holding service. Would you ask for legislation to prevent that? W. W. PRESCOTT : We have had that sort of experience ever since I can remember, and have met with it in all parts of the world, and we never, in any in-stance, have gone to legislatures or courts to ask for protection against disturbance on the sev-enth day of the week. We take what comes to us, simply. We make the best of it, and we stir up no further trouble by asking for special privileges. Opinion of a Judge Judge Simon Wolf followed in a ten-minute speech. He held that the measure was funda-mentally unsound ; that the only reason for the observance of a weekly day of rest was a relig-ious reason, and the Constitu-tion forbade the enactment of legislation based upon such grounds. He deprecated the evil influence which such legis-lation would have upon the va-rious States of the Union, com-ing, as it would, from the highest lawmaking body in the land. Such legislation, if it were ac-complished, bearing the stamp and ap-proval of the Congress of the United States, would be quoted far and wide as model legislation. Some legislative bodies would go further in one direc-tion and some in another, and the effect would be prejudicial to the best interests of the people and contrary to the guaranty of the Constitution. " Disguise it as you may," said he, " it is a religious measure and nothing else." He called attention to the fact that there was no warrant in the Scriptures for legislation to enforce Sunday observ-ance, and quoted Cardinal Gibbons as authority 'for the statement that Sunday observance was not mentioned from Gen-esis to Revelation. He declared that the fathers of our country had specifically warned legislators against just such leg-islation as the Johnston Sunday bill. Asked by a member of the committee 