52 . LIBERTY Jews among all nations. God said that after this, the third overturning of the Jewish kingdom, " it shall be no more." Any one, therefore, who says that the Jewish state and government, in the sense of the Davidic kingdom, shall be again restored to the Jews, is certainly in error. Jeremiah's Prophecy of Doom Jeremiah received the following mes-sage from heaven : " Thus saith the Lord, Go and get a pot-ter's earthen bottle, . . . and say, Hear ye the word of the Lord, 0 kings of Judah, and inhabitants of Jerusalem: . . . Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, the which whoso-ever heareth, his ears shall tingle. Because they have forsaken me. . . . Then shalt thou break the bottle iŁn the sight of the men that go with thee, and shalt say unto them, Thus with the Lord of hosts: Even so will I break this people and this city, as one breaketh a potter's vessel, that cannot he made whole again." Jer. 19: t-t t. Judah's kingdom was to be broken like " a potter's vessel, that cannot be made whole again." They might patch the pieces together from time to time, but of these attempts the Lord spoke through Ezekiel, saying: " So will I break down the wall that ye have daubed with untempered mortar, . . . and ye shall know that I am the Lord. Thus will I accomplish my wrath upon the wall, and upon them that have daubed it with untempered mortar, and will say to you, The wall is no more, neither they that daubed it; to wit, the prophets of Israel which prophesy concerning Jerusalem, and which see visions of peace for her, and there is no peace, saith the Lord God." Eze. 13:14-16. True Israel's True Restoration By the prophets Isaiah, Jeremiah, Eze-kiel, Zechariah, Habakkuk, and Haggai were given many promises concerning Israel's restoration, upon certain condi-tions. But literal Israel never met those conditions ; and there is no indication to-day that the modern Jews will ever com-ply with the conditions laid down by Jehovah; consequently, the literal Jews will never realize the fulfilment of the promises of restoration. Many attempts have been made by the Jews and their allied friends to restore  the political independence of the Jewish state in -Palestine, and to rebuild the tem-ple destroyed in A. D. 70; but while such attempts have at times met with appar-ent success, yet they have proved ulti-mately to be mere incidents in connection with the changing fortunes of war. Ju-lian the Apostate, ruler of the Roman Empire, said that he would prove the prophecy of Christ a failure by rebuild-ing the temple and restoring the Jewish state; and he caused the gold and the Jews to flow into Jerusalem more abun-dantly than they did in the days of Solo-mon, but his whole plan collapsed before it was finished. All the efforts of the Crusaders were failures, and every other attempt of human devising will prove a failure, according to Scripture. However, according to the writings of the apostle Paul, these promises will be ultimately fulfilled to spiritual Israel in-stead 'of to literal Israel. Paul asks, " Who are Israelites? To whom per-taineth the adoption, . . . and the promises?" Then he answers these questions by saying: " They are not all Israel, which are of Israel: neither, be-cause they are the seed of Abraham, are they all children. . . . That is, they which are the children of the flesh, these are not the children of God : but the chil-dren of the promise [born after the Spirit] are counted for the seed." Rom. 9:4, 6-8. Again Paul, in writing to the Christian believers in Ephesus, who were once Gen-tiles, says: "Remember, that ye being in time past Gentiles in the flesh, . . . that at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world: but now in Christ Jesus . . . ye are no more strangers and for-eigners, but fellow citizens." Citizens of what? Why, of " the com-monwealth of Israel;" and the promises are to them, not as Gentiles any longer, for the Gentile, as such, has no promise or hope of anything, but as true spiritual Israelites, " not after the flesh, but after the Spirit." 