LIBERTY 37  Day Alliance proposes shall be done. Thus again it is proved beyond all per-adventure that the proposed work of the Lord's Day Alliance is wholly unchris-tian and subversive of numan rights. While we make this protest, we wish it to be distinctly understood that we are not opposed to the Sabbath. We firmly believe that all men should keep it, and that it would be to their eternal interest to do so. We simply deny the right of the Lord's Day Alliance, or other organ-izations, to bring about its enforcement through legal enactments and penalties. We maintain that the only legitimate course that any religious body can take is to hold up the cross of Christ, preach the gospel, and by the power of love and persuasion bring men where they will willingly and freely render acceptable service to God. St. John's, Newfoundland. The Dawn of Religious Liberty in Bolivia E. W. THOMANN SINCE the Spanish conquest, Bolivia has been under the most direct influence of the Roman Catholic Church. The priests had much to say in the framing of the constitution. So the Roman Catholic religion became the only recog-nized religion, it being prohibited, under pain death, even to attempt to intro- duce any other form of belief. Several Protestant missionaries ven-tured at different times to conduct mis-sionary operations in Bolivia, that the gospel of Christ might be made known to the people of that benighted country; but they met a most fanatical popula-tion, whose ignorant zeal, fired by the confessional and the pulpit, made it a very dangerous undertaking. It was not safe even to question the infallibility of the pope, the immaculate conception of the Virgin Mary, or the sanctity of the images made and venerated by the Catholics. About ten years ago a Brazilian, Mr. Pereira, who went from northern Chile  into Bolivia to circulate Bibles and other religious books and tracts, was impris-oned and sentenced to death for the work he was doing. But a lawyer and judge to whom the colporteur had an opportunity to speak, took an interest in investigating the case, notwithstanding that his brother was a priest. He began to see light through his investigation of the literature which the colporteur had been circulating, and becoming convinced of the high moral worth of the contents of the publications, took the matter be-fore the court, and succeeded in libera-ting the colporteur. About two years later the same Mr. Pereira went again into Bolivia, circu-lating Seitales de los Tientp s, a Span-ish missionary paper published in Chile. Again the priests sought to have the death sentence pronounced upon him ; but the same lawyer who had interceded in his behalf before, having himself now become a Bible believer, sent a goodly number of copies of the paper to the prefect, the highest authority of the de-partment, calling his attention to the fact that the paper, far from containing corrupt doctrines, was full of the highest moral teachings. The result was that the colporteur was again set free. In 1902 Mr. Payne, a Baptist mis-sionary who had ventured to settle in Cochabamba, the most Catholic city of all Bolivia, was assaulted in his own home. The fanatical mob carried every-thing he had into the street, and set fire to it, and had a company of soldiers ar-rived one minute later than they did, they would have found Mr. Payne him-self in the flames ; but providentially those who were in the act of dragging him out of the house to throw him upon the fire were detained for a moment. In that moment the soldiers arrived, and in dispersing the crowd they made free use of their weapons. At that time the government, being already largely composed of quite lib-eral-minded men, anxious to see their country occupy a higher position than it could ever hope to attain under the 