320 LIBERTY quitted jointly, the business being held a ne-cessity. " Sunday newspapers were also held to be a necessity by the court, and the three dealers cited were promptly acquitted, as were three newspaper correspondents charged with ' work-ing' on the Sabbath. " Members of the street cleaning department, who sweep King Street every Saturday night, beginning at midnight, were also cited, and their work was held to be a necessity. " Eating houses, lunchrooms, automobile garages, baking, and a host of other lines of activity on Sunday also came under the head of ' necessary work.'" In Richmond, bootblacks were fined for plying the brush on " the Sabbath." Just what view the higher courts will PATRICK HENRY. WHO OPPOSED RELIGIOUS ESTABLISHMENTS IN VIRGINIA take of these matters remains to be seen. But to the uninitiated it is somewhat dif-ficult to see why the newsdealer should be permitted to sell papers on Sunday, while the ice cream dealer pays a fine for serving his frozen luxury. We do not understand all the details of these cases, but it seems that in the matter of eatables the line was drawn at ice cream made on Sunday. The operation of " eating houses and lunch-rooms " was properly held to be neces-sary, as was also the baking and selling of bread. But many small bakeries also sell ice cream either by the plate or in cartons. This was held to be legal, pro-vided the cream was not manufactured on Sunday. c. P. B. The Right of Free Speech THE question of free speech is one of such fundamental importance to human-ity that it is easy to understand the com-motion which has been caused, in the State of Massachusetts, by the recent riots [April 4] in Haverhill. The con-tention that a mob, with or without cause, is at liberty to usurp the prerogatives of the courts, and to substitute lynch law for official justice, constitutes, indeed, a precedent destructive of all popular lib-erty. The history of liberty is very largely the effort of authority to restrain license. When the human passions are roused, license is always apt to come to the top. The decision of the mob is the most uncertain of all unknown quantities, and if it is bowed to for a moment, there is no limit to which its violence may not spread.. . . In plain English the extraordinary doc-trine is deliberately set forth, that any mob which conceives an act of a public body to be a violation of lawful authority. is justified in taking the law into its own hands, and enforcing its own opin-ions by violence. Such a defense of the Haverhill mob, such a theory of law and order, such a definition of popular rights, is surely the most untenable that has ever been put forth. It is not necessary to consider the motive of the speaker. The speaker had obtained [had, in fact, hired] the use of a hall to give a certain address. He was entitled to give that address, and was entitled to the protection of the law in giving that address. The law itself provides for the punishment of offenders who transgress certain bounds in their public utterances or who permit the lib-erty of speech to degenerate into license. But the law does not permit the man in the street to decide what those limits are, and to fix them in accordance with his own prejudices or predilections. If it did, then the arbiter of public speech would be the strength of the mob. Any person who had anything to say, no mat-ter what, would only be permitted to give expression to his views provided they 