18 LIBERTY open for the worst passions to come to the front, and for the worst principles to bear rule. . . . Revelations are continually coming to light, going beyond the worst fears of those who are even the most apprehensive, of wrongs committed among all classes of so-ciety at the present time. The nation stands aghast to-day at the evidence of, corruption in high places which is thrust before its face. . . . But some may say, through an all-ab-sorbing faith in the increasing virtue of the American people, that they do, not believe that the United States will ever .raise the hand of persecution against any class. Very well. This is not a matter over which we need to indulge in any controv,ersy. No process of reasoning nor any amount of ar-gument can ever.  show that it will not be so. WeŁthink we have shown good ground for strong probabilities that this govern-ment may yet commit itself to the work of religious persecution. . . . As we inter-pret the prophecy, we look upon it as in-evitable. But the decision of the question must be left to time; we can neither help nor hinder its work. Time will soon cor-rect all errors, and solve all doubts, on this question.Š" The Marvel of Nations," by Uriah Smith, pages 164-172, third edition. The Sphere of Law CYRUS SIMMONS WE are told that law is a rule of action, defining what is right and prohibiting what is wrong. This is the accepted definition of the law of the land. In organized societies the object of law is to restrain evil-doers, and protect life, limb, and property. The object of civil law is to regulate civil conduct. The state, by its laws,, may suppress, or have a restrain-ing influence over its citizens, but it is powerless to make one good. There is a great differen/e between the state, or the things that belong to Csar, and the church, or the things that belong to God. There is also a great difference between the law of man and the law of God; the one emanates from a finite, the other from an infinite mind; the one regu-lates the kingdoms of earth, the other the kingdom of heaven. As the mind of God is infinitely greater than the mind of man, so is the legislation of heaven infinitely  greater than the legislation of earth. " For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the Lord. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts." Isa. 55: 8, 9. Notwithstanding this great difference, earthly governments are respected by God. " The powers that be are ordained of God." Rom. 13: I. Since sin entered the world, and man thereby lost the dominion given him at creation, the kingdom of God has been supplanted in the hearts of men by the kingdom of the enemy. Instead of love, hatred, murder, and strife have taken pos-session of the many. For the protection of the weak and the good, " the powers that be are ordained of God." Even in state governments jurisdictions are observed. The law of one State can only be enforced within the confines of that territory. God has given to man the right and the power to make laws for the regula-tion of earthly governments, but he has not committed to him the right or privilege of legislating for the kingdom of heaven. Such a procedure would be a usurpation of his right, and such a law would be void for want of jurisdiction. The powers that be which are ordained by God are a delegation of authority given to man. If he essays to make laws for the kingdom of heaven he goes beyond the agency conferred upon him, and what he does is not binding. The laws that regulate the kingdom of heaven are instruments of love; those that regulate the kingdoms of earth are instru-ments of coercion. The former are per-fect, holy, just, and good; the latter are imperfect, frequently unjust, and sometimes bad. The law of God discerns the thoughts and intents of the heart; the law of man has been shown to be inadequate to regulate conduct. Man can not be legislated even by God into the kingdom of heaven. God's law is a portraiture of righteousness. It reveals the necessity of a Saviour. " The law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ." Gal. 3: 24. If the law of God could have saved, there would be no reason for a Saviour. How dare the governments of earth attempt to do that which it is im-possible for God himself to do? Laws of the land that aim at " civic righteousness " 