104 LIBERTY and would not do. If prohibition is not prohibiting in the districts where it is in force, it is doing something that makes the liquor interests feel just as had as ac-tual prohibition would ; and the appoint-ment of receivers for breweries and dis-tilleries that are closing down for lack of business shows that something is happen-ing that makes the liquor business feel uneasy. The people are coming to realize that they have been " paying too much for their whistle." Gov. Eugene Foss of Massachusetts well expressed it in the following testimony given at a tem-perance rally in Brookline, Mass., on April 14 : Š I came to see the necessity for absolute prohibition at the time I was governor of this commonwealth. It was part of my duty to visit the insane asylums. I learned that the State had about 20,000 of such State wards, and for their needs the State had to pay $5,-000,000 a year. I came to know that nine tenths of these cases were due to the direct results of alcohol. Then in my industrial plants I found I had to discharge drinking men because there was no possible hope of their ever being able to make good. Night after night their women and children came to my home and begged that the men be reinstated into their jobs. I exam-ined myself. I found I was going out and vot-ing for the saloon around the corner where these men went to get drunk. I was the one who was indirectly to blame; and I became a convert to the theory and practice of prohibi-tion. I tell you here and now I shall do every-thing in my power to help make this State prohibition, and this nation prohibition from coast to coast. The nations of Europe are outlawing the drink traffic or curtailing its activi-ties in order that liquor shall not reduce the efficiency of their men in the business of war. Americans are pushing on to-ward the same goal in order that liquor shall not reduce the efficiency of men in the more helpful and profitable activities of peaceful industry. But from both standpoints the liquor business is a com-mon enemy. And if a period of peace should come to distracted Europe, may it not be that they who have found liquor to be their enemy in war may recognize it also as an enemy in peace, and so outlaw it in peace as well as in war, and thus break the chains of its merciless slavery? Pres. Woodrow Wilson on the Ideal American THE EDITOR PRES. WOODROW WILSON delivered a great speech in Philadelphia, May to, at a meeting of over four thousand newly naturalized citizens. This speech was not only a masterpiece on the subject of true Americanism, but a master stroke of statesmanship at a time when a crisis faced the nation. Words spoken unad-visedly immediately after the sinking of the " Lusitania," when so many Amer-ican lives were lost, might have stirred the spirit of national hatred and jealousy in the hearts of men. Such words might have inflamed their passions to seek re-venge, and precipitated internal and ex-ternal strife. The President has given us some new ideals upon American citizenship and our relations to one another. He truly stated the " great ideals which made America the hope of the world." If American citizens forsake these ideals, America will go down like the ancient na-tions. America is the last hope of the world ; and when America goes down to doom, the whole world is doomed. A few great men with lofty ideals cannot save a nation from making shipwreck. The words of wise counsel so ably stated by our President are worthy of publica-tion in every journal in this country. His speech is in part as follows : Š You have taken an oath of allegiance to a great ideal, to a great body of principles, to a great hope of the human race. You have said, " We are going to America, not only to earn 