60 LIBERTY nize a distinction between the duties a man owes to God and the duties he owes to his fellow man, has been the primary cause of all religious persecutions in the past. Church doctrines and religious ob-ligations are good in their place, but they can only result in bitter contro-versies and religious persecutions when we mix them with politics and compul-sory requirements enforced upon all cit- izens by the civil arm of the state. Let us keep religious observances within the pale of our church rituals and disci-plines, and let us not ask the state to do what the church is too indolent to do ; namely, to enforce its church discipline upon delinquent church members. " Let us keep the church and state forever separate," as said Ulysses S. Grant. C. S. L. Press Censorship FORTUNATELY we have in this country a Constitutional provision that " Con-gress shall make no law . . . abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press." This does not mean that men shall not be held responsible for the abuse of the right to speak or to print and circulate. but that in advance of publication or of utterance, no man can say that another man or set of men shall not put forth by voice, pen, or printed page whatever they will. As in the matter of guaranties of re-ligious liberty, all the States, so far as the writer is informed, have guaranteed also freedom of speech and of the press, so that everywhere in this broad land of ours men may freely express and defend their views, being responsible only for any abuse of the right, the fact of that abuse to be determined by a jury of their peers. But repeated efforts have been made to render nugatory the freedom of the press. One such notable effort was made some years since when Mr. Roosevelt was President. Certain newspapers in New York and Indianapolis published strictures upon the government or upon certain departmental heads, which were regarded by the aggrieved parties as criminally libelous. Mr. Roosevelt was indignant, and instructed the Attorney-General to secure indictments for crim-inal libel against the offending publishers. This was done, but instead of secur-ing these indictments in New York City  and in Indianapolis, where the crime was committed, if crime there was, the indict-ments were secured in the District of Columbia because, forsooth, copies of the papers containing the offensive mat-ter had been sent through the mails and had been circulated in the District, and it was claimed that the circulation of each copy of the paper was a separate offense affording ground for a separate prosecution wherever the paper was sold and read. Warrants were issued in the District of Columbia for the arrest of the Indiana and New York publishers, and were served in Indianapolis and New York City. But as soon as they were arrested, the accused men sued out writs of habeas corpus before local judges who held that the proceedings were illegal, and that if a crime had been committed, it had been committed not in the District of Columbia, but in the jurisdiction in which the paper was published containing the alleged libelous matter, and ordered the discharge of the petitioners. This is the interpretation uniformly put upon the law by the courts of this country, and it is the correct one. Even as long ago as 1215 Magna Charta pro-vided that " common pleas shall not fol-low our court [the court of the king], but shall be held in a certain fixed place; " and further, that " assizes of mort d'ancestor, and of darrein present-ment shall not be held, save in their own counties." 