LIBERTY 41 that Moses himself summed up the two tables of the law in the twofold obligation of love to God and love to man (Deut 6: 4, 5; To: 12, i8, i9; Lev. 19:17, 18), and that Christ quoted this summary of Moses -as the perfect law of his own kingdom? Matt. 22 : 37-40. By what warrant, then, either of author-ity or of logic, can any one say that even if nine of the commandments are moral principles, and therefore permanently and universally valid, one of them (the fourth) is not a moral law? that it is only cere-monial, only Jewish, only local and tem-porary? For the fourth commandment does not contain one word concerning any ceremony, and is so closely joined with all the rest that no man can logically take it out and say that the moral code is com-plete. For it is grounded directly upon the relations between God the Creator and man his creature, with whom God enters into communion; and it makes its great appeal to the laws which God has ordained in creation, including the nature of man himself.ŠWalter Quincy Scott, D. D., in The Bible Record for February; 1908. Religious Toleration and Rights C. S. LONGACRE " WHAT other nations call religious tol-.eration we call religious rights."Š Senate Committee on Sunday Mail Report. The lawmaking power has no delegated authority to " deprive any portion of its citizens however small," of the free enjoy-ment of their natural rights in the domain of religion. The government has no right to attach a penalty to the free exercise of the religious tenets of the minority by vir-tue of governmental indulgence and the sufferance of the majority. John Stuart Mill, in his essay on " Liberty," truly said: "'If all mankind minus one were of one opinion, and only one person were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be jus-tified in silencing mankind." All sects should stand on the same ground before the law, and it is a gross perversion of governmental authority to lend aid to the tenets of the majority, and coerce the minority into submission by legal enact-ments. " Essential freedom is the right to differ, and that right must be sacredly re- spected," said our noted American historian, John Clark Ridpath. A little reflection on the part of Sunday-law agitators should reveal to them the in-justice of their course. What is the motive back of a Sunday-law agitator? Forced obedience by unwilling subjects in religious matters, can be the only answer. But this is antievangelical, unconstitutional, and con-trary to the golden rule enunciated by Christ. It is the spirit of religious intoler-ance and despotism that will not accede to another who differs in religious practise, the enjoyment of the same rights that he him-self enjoys under the protection of law. What first-day observer would like to be forced by law through political intrigue to keep the seventh day? A man must be doubly blind if he can not see the injustice of compelling a seventh-day observer to keep Sunday by law, but sees the injustice of reversing the order of things on him. " Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them, for this is the law and the prophets." Matt. 7: 12. Injustice and Tyranny IT is with our judgments as our watches Š none go just alike, yet each believes his own.Š Pope. How Mr, Moody Viewed It I LOOK on this world as a wrecked vessel. God has given me a life-boat, and said to me, " Moody, save all you can." God will come in judgment to this world, but the children of God don't belong to this world; they are in it, but not of it, like a ship in the water; and their greatest danger is not the opposition of the world, but their own conformity to the world. The world is get-ting darker and darker; its ruin is coming nearer and nearer; if you have any friends on this wreck unsaved, you would better lose no time in getting them off.ŠD. L. Moody. " IT is hard for us to learn that the same right to hold and express honest convictions of truth which we so fondly claim for our-selves, we are in duty bound to extend to others who may differ from us however widely." 