Copyright Underwood & Underwood; New York The "Submerged Issue" in New York Politics K. C. RUSSELL DURING the recent political campaign in the State of New York for the elec-tion of governor, it was claimed by all parties that religious issues had been in-jected into the contest. Ex-Governor Glynn, who was the Democratic candi-date for governor, is a Roman Catholic. He claimed that much of the opposition to his election was due to the anti-Cath- its spirit and its letter. The fact is that many, both in the Catholic Church and in the Protestant churches, are.pur-suing a course that is diametrically op-posed to the true principles of civil gov-ernment as taught by both Jesus Christ, the author of civil government, and the fathers of our country. Christ said : " Render therefore unto Cesar the things CANADIAN BATTALIONS AT PLYMOUTH, ENGLAND olic campaign that was waged against him by anti-Catholic organizations be-cause he is a Roman Catholic. On the other hand, it was claimed by the repre-sentatives of the New York Civic League that other candidates were being opposed by the Catholic voters because they were Protestants. Both Protestants and Catholics who were enlisted in the recent contest for.  the governorship of the Empire State, cited as their defense the splendid state-ment voiced in the Constitution of the United States, which reads as follows : Š No religious test shall ever be re-quired as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." It is one thing to advocate loudly the principles voiced in the foregoing words from the Constitution, but quite another thing to carry the principle out in both  which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." In these words Christ designed to teach a total divorce-ment of the church and state; and the fathers of this republic voiced the same principle in the First Amendment to the United States Constitution, which says, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." How can the New York Civic League consistently accuse the Roman Catholic Church of injecting religious issues into politics when the chief feature of its own propaganda is the employment of the civil power to accomplish religious ob-jects? The character of the work that is being carried on by the New York Civic League is so glaringly of a religio-political nature that no observing person can fail to discern it. 27 