126 LIBERTY that the seventh-day observer is not com-pelled to work nor hindered from rest-ing on his Sabbath. But if he is com-pelled to do homage to another day and thus lose a part of his working time, where is his liberty? Does it not destroy the difference also which he desires to put between the several days of the week as regards his particular way of worship and his choice of a weekly sabbath?  Christ, the author of Christianity, laid clown the foundation principle of sep-aration of church and state in the words, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." The duty of the state is to regulate the conduct of men only as regards their relationship to civil matters. It may de-mand civility, but no more. The church Copyright Boston Photo News Co. SCOTCH RECRUITS MARCHING TO THE STRAINS OF THE BAGPIPES Suppose the Methodists were in the ma-jority and succeeded in establishing a law enforcing baptism by sprinkling upon all in the community, regardless of the differences of belief ; would that be re-ligious liberty for Baptists? Would such action conform to the idea of a govern-ment founded upon religious freedom ? Would it be a reasonable answer for the Methodists to say to the Baptists, " You are not hindered from practicing bap-tism according to your own favorite method, immersion, even if you are com-pelled to observe our method "? It seems to me that a candid person must admit that this does not look like the unmolested enjoyment of " life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness " which the founders of our government intended to vouchsafe to us. It savors rather of bondage, bitterness, and death.  may adopt rules to govern its own mem-bers, but no others. She departs from her rightful jurisdiction, her God-given sphere, when she attempts to do the work of the state or seeks to make a tool of the state. They will get along best when each keeps within its own sphere and attends to its own affairs. Their union would invite that condition of which the Dark Ages furnish an example Š the regime of an inquisition, an inquisitor general, and the rack and the thumb-screw. May God grant that by the his-tory of the past, by the revelation of God's Word, and by the Light that lighteth every man that cometh into the world," we may be enabled to take our stand on the side of God's eternal, lib-erty-imparting truth. South Lancaster, Mass. 