LIBERTY (1060 11 anteed in their churches. But this free exercise does not authorize practise in-compatible with peace and order of the public, nor give right to oppose civil and political obligations." Mr. Barrios was a man of great ability and of liberal ideas. His ambition was to establish a Central American republic. In this he failed. However, he inaugu-rated a policy which has been followed by succeeding presidents. Although he was virtually a dictator, his measures are largely justifiable because of the kind of opposition with which he was confronted. The American government, of whose freedom we boast, would do well to study more closely the purposes of Mr. Bar-rios's policy, and also of the Conservative party, before it lends its influence against the existing governments. Such influ-ence will help to establish a party founded on the principle of religious intolerance. Under the present government it is true that there are abuses of civil power, but a government controlled by a spirit of religious intolerance brings all these abuses and a thousand other woes in its wake. Now the dead of all faiths or of no faith can be buried in the public ceme-teries. Now all can have any form of worship, or belong to any religious body. and enjoy the privileges common to all. If a person wishes to be married, his re- ligion is not questioned ; if one is to be buried, the religion he professed does not enter into the matter.. If parents wish their children taught religion, they are at liberty to send them to private schools where the religion they want is taught. Before the time of Barrios these privileges were denied. Much more can be expected (by all except Catholics) from a party which has taken such im-portant steps toward free government than can be hoped for from a party op-posed to all the liberal principles for which the present government stands. Can it be that America, the refuge of the oppressed, the home of that benefi-cent principle of religious liberty, the pioneer of soul liberty, is insensible to her own futtire welfare, insensible to the great destiny to which Providence has called her among the nations of the world? Can she afford to blight her fair record by a departure from the principles of religious liberty, which she has held up as a beacon light to the ships of state struggling against the waves of ecclesi-astical dominance and religious intoler-ance ? Let every true Protestant arouse to the dangers lurking behind the pres-ent-day movements, and enter the con-test against the reactionary principles and policies leading the world back toward the intolerance and persecution of the mid-dle ages. Guatemala City,. Guatemala. Sunday Laws Menace the Laboring Man LESLIE LITTELL THAT Sunday laws favor the capital-ists and are against the best interests of the laboring men is evident from the fact that, while in many places great corporations are permitted to run fac-tories, railroads, etc., on Sunday without molestation, yet the laboring man is not allowed to hoe in his garden, pick ber-ries, or do any ordinary work on his own place. He can work for the great cor-porations and be blameless in the eyes  of the law ; but when he works for him-self, he becomes a criminal. A laboring man at Siloam Springs, Ark., was arrested and fined $6.50 for stretching a single wire across a gap made by a breachy horse, and for straightening up his cabbage plants which the horse had rolled down ; while the railroad company ran trains, and the manufacturing establishments were run-ning at full capacity. 