LIBERTY 5 power or organization to do a work not Public Office by Religious Test authorized by Jesus Christ, breaks from WHEN citizens of this republic begin his federation with his Master, and op-  demanding political patronage because of erates without warrant from on high. religious or denominational affiliations, it That is what has been done in that fed-  is proof positive that they are entirely out eration known as the Federal Council of of harmony with the spirit of American the Churches of Christ in America. institutions. They have either misread Honestly believing, no doubt, that the the Constitution of the United States or kingdom of Christ can better be ad-  are at war with the principles it enun-vanced by such a federation, they have ciates. One of its most important princi-banded together " to secure a larger com-  ples is that religious tests shall not enter bined influence for the churches of Christ into men's qualifications for any office or in all matters affecting the moral and public trust. What right, then, has any social condition of the people, so as to body of Christians to complain because promote the application of the law of government clerkships have not been ap-Christ in every relation of human life." portioned on the basis of the numbers Š The Constitution of the Federal Coun-  belonging to that denomination? If the cil, Sec. 3, Art. 4. But there is no such officials of the government were to take object set before the disciple of Christ a man's religion into account in appoint-by the Head of the church in the great ing him to public office, they would be commission or anywhere else Š no au-  doing what the Constitution declares they thority for such a project from him to must not do. The Catholic journal whom all authority was committed. To America, in its issue of Dec. 4, 1909, secure a combined influence for accom-  while admitting this fact, and deploring plishing ends is to use force and overlook the fact that " only a very small percent-the matter of individual choice ; and that age of the government employees of the is a plan of operation which Jesus dis-  Indian service are Catholics " (see page tinctly disapproved. Said Dr. Dickey : 205), proposes to remedy that defect in " We will organize a force that law-  this way: " We [Cardinal Gibbons, Arch-breakers and lawmakers will respect." bishop Ryan, and Archbishop Farley], But that will not be a Christian force. the incorporators of the Bureau of Cath-Said Justice Brewer of the United States olic Indian Missions, earnestly appeal to Supreme Court, when the federation was Catholics to enter this department of the formed : " With overtowering strength government service. We earnestly re-we can compel this government to take quest all bishops to make this, our desire, higher ground." But compulsion is out-  known throughout the pulpits of their re-side the gospel, and there is no warrant spective dioceses." This is a proposition for it in the gospel commission. The for filling at least that branch of the purpose of that federation is to bring government service with officials made about certain ends through force of num-  such because of their religion. That pro-bers and influence. It furnishes a basis vision of the national Constitution is nul-for Christian work wholly materialistic. lified by such an arrangement, and it It drives where Jesus invites ; it compels opens the door for an undignified denom-where he persuades ; its effect is rather inational scramble for governmental po-that of the hurricane than of the leaven ; sitions Š by religious test, each denomi-the overflowing deluge that destroys nation demanding patronage according to rather than the gentle rain that brings its numbers. Will it come? Š It has the grain to maturity. come already. 