LIBERTY 119 "When any person takes an oath of office, he swears to support the Constitu-tion of the United States; and where our commissioners get the authority to pass such laws is beyond my understanding, as they are purely religious. Article I, Amendments to the Constitution, says Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion; . . . and if Congress has no right to pass religious laws, I should like to ask who has. " I can see it in no other way than that our commissioners violated their oath of office when they passed this ordinance, as it is certainly religious. " General Grant_ warned the people against religion in state, and said that the two should be kept separate. " George Washington said that in no way is this country founded on the Christian re-ligion. TRAINING A ems CO BRITISH ARMY f, plot-  Scottish Highlander Recruits 13001' Practicing on a Skirmish Line. C°"att  " When the ship Mayflower' came to Plymouth Rock, it carried a people that was coming to this country to escape religious persecution. " This country is now made up of all classes of people, coming from all parts of the world, and all have their own ideas about religion. The Bible says, ' One man esteemeth one day above an : another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind.' Rom. 14 : 5. I will chal-lenge any priest, minister, or layman to show one single word in the Bible in sup-port of Sunday as a sacred day. The day was made a rest day in the year 321,  under the reign of Constantine, for polit-ical purposes. He wanted to make him-self supreme ruler of the whole Eastern country, and adopted a state religion to do it, so as to unite different factions into one body. Then for many years there were bloodshed and persecution, and we point to those times as the Dark Ages. " I have a copy of the blue laws of Con-necticut before me. It speaks of the religious fanatics who drove the Quakers from their homes out into the forest with the threat that if they re-turned, they would be put to death ; and the poor out-casts were then obliged to take refuge with the Indians. One Indian chief said, What a terrible God the white man has got ! ' If our council is going into religious lawmaking, I would suggest that they get a copy of these blue laws. " I have always noticed that it takes a sword or a policeman's club to force one man's religion upon another. " Does our council think that Jews, Adventists, Seventh-day Baptists, and people who make no pretension to reli-gion have no rights which are bound to be respected ? " We can't be too mindful of the rights of our citizens in the matter of religion. I care not what a man's per-sonal views are, he can worship . . . as he wants to ; but when he says that I must do as he does, that is where all our boasted freedom fails, and becomes noth-ing but a farce." Saginaw, Mich. 