LIBERTY 27 changes of some kind in the organic law, to accord with public sentiment in pop-ulous centers?  It is no answer to this demand to charge that among its advocates are the parties interested in the financial re-turns which the realization of the change will bring. These forms of recreation could not exist a week were the public to cease its patronage and seek a new field for relaxation. Cannot Be Coerced by Law In the last analysis an educated con-stituency in a church or in a political order cannot be enlightened or coerced by law. The appeal to the congregations outside the church must be made upon a basis of Christian brotherhood and charity, which recognizes the changes which time and the new economic order have involved in our manner of living and the consequent demand for leisure and such recreation and reasonable di-version as the new conditions make nec-essary. History attests that humanity cannot be coerced, because coercion is the fore-runner of revolution. The church, to be successful in its mis- sion in this land and this day, must hold out a sympathetic hand to the people and mingle with the toilers and workers, as its great Founder mingled with the fish- ermen and laborers, the poor and lowly of Galilee. The religious crusade of the future to be successful with the people must forget a great deal and turn its face to the coming race, inculcating religion not only from the lofty heights of the pulpit, but down among the haunts of the men where " one touch of nature makes the whole world kin." The heart of America, represented in the grime and soil of the mine, the work-shop and the foundry, is essentially re-ligious, and still beats in unison with the prayer of the Nazarene, as well as with the spirit of Patrick Henry. Never in church history was such an opportunity presented to churchmen and to Christian statesmen for the reconcilia-tion of the people to fundamental con-cepts of religion and law. Such " a consummation is devoutly to be wished," not only in the interest of the state, but in the interest of the church, whose basic interests and future development in a country like this de-pend in no small degree upon the reali-zation and adoption of a mode of pro- cedure which, while it sacrifices nothing in Christian essence, avoids popular an- tagonism by conceding, like one of its great doctors, liberty in nonessentials and charity in all things. The Referendum Proves a Boomerang to Sunday Law Advocates By W. F. Martin T0 the real lover of liberty, any-thing bearing on the subject is of interest. Especially is this true when he sees all about him indications that a strong and concerted effort is being made to overthrow or restrict the liberties given to all people by their Creator. A number of incidents which occurred recently are of interest as in-dicating the activities of the church-and-state proponents. In a number of places  in California, Sunday-closing measures have been sought, some through city councils and others by a direct vote of the people. In most instances these ef-forts have failed. Calipatria, a small city in Imperial Valley, California, put the question of one day's rest in seven to a vote, and the people defeated the ordinance. How often this has been repeated ! Only a few years ago the State of Oregon wiped 