The Difference Between Our Dutch and Puritan Forefathers on Religion * THE typical Dutchman is a devout man. He could not respect himself if he did not reverence God. Religion was at the center of Holland's most glorious life, and it is impossible to understand the sturdy heroism and the cheerful in-dustry of our Dutch forefathers with-out remembering that whether they ate or drank, or labored or prayed, or fought or sailed or farmed, they did all to the glory of God. The only difference be-tween New Amsterdam and New Eng-land was this : The Puritans founded a religious community with commercial principles; the Dutchmen founded a commercial community with religious principles. Which was the better, I do not say ; but every one knows which was the happier to live in. The typical Dutchman is a liberal man. He believes, but does not persecute. He says, in the immortal words of William III, " Conscience is God's province," too sacred for man to invade. New Amster-dam became an asylum for the oppressed in the New World, as Old Amsterdam had been in the Old World. They hanged no witches, they flogged no Quak-ers. They granted peace and an equal chance before the law to all. They said, Love God as much as you can, and don't forget to love your neighbor as yourself. The typical Dutchman is a brave, straightforward, kind-hearted, liberty-loving, law-abiding citizen Š a man with a healthy conscience. He is a free man. Liberty is his passion. It runs in his * Compiled by the editor, from speeches made by Chauncey M. Depew at the sixth an-nual festival of the New England Society of Pennsylvania, and at the eighty-fourth anni-versary banquet of the New England Society of New York, and at the fifth annual banquet of the Holland society of New York. Also extracts from a speech by Rev. Dr. Henry van Dyke, at the fifth annual banquet of the Holland Society of New York, Jan. to, 18go. 96 blood. The descendants of the old Ba-tavians who fought against Rome are bound to be free at any cost. They hate tyranny in any form. That is the spirit of the typical Dutchman. Never has it been more needed than it is today, to preserve a government of the people, by the people, and for the people. If William Penn had ever contem-plated that around his festive board would sit those Puritans with whom he was familiar in England, he would have exclaimed, " Let all the savages on the continent come, but not them." If from any of the planets in our sphere there should come a being endowed with larger perceptions and observations than our own, but unfamiliar with our civi-lization or creeds, and should drop in at a New England banquet anywhere, and ask, " Who are these people? " he would be told, " They are the people who claim to have created this great republic, and to have put into it all that is in it that is worth preserving." If he should ask, " What is their creed and faith, and what do they worship?" he would be told to wait, and listen to their speeches. When finally he had gone out, he would say, " They worship their forefathers and themselves." There is not a descendant of the Pil-grims today [unless he be a Sunday blue law radical Š ED.] who could stay in a ten-acre lot for three hours with his an-cestors, to save his soul. There is not one of those gaunt, ascetic, and bigoted men, who sang through their noses and talked cant, who would not have every one of his liberal present-day descend-ants put in the lockup as roistering blades, dangerous to the morals of the community. The Puritan was a grand character be-cause of what circumstances made him. This magnificent man never would have amounted to much, never would have founded a state, never would have 