HERBERT S. HADLEY, GOVERNOR OF MISSOURI LIBERTY 45 74T-I News and Notes A SINGULAR and noteworthy feature of the political campaign in Missouri was the signal defeat of Governor Joseph W. Folk in his attempt to secure the primary nomination for United States senator, to succeed Senator W. J. Stone, who triumphed over his political adver-sary by a majority of eighteen thou-sand votes. No political battle in Mis-souri ever was waged more fiercely than this. Governor Folk made an unprecedented canvass on the strength of his record of " law enforcement ; " and it was at Kirkwood, in a political speech, that he qualified "law enforcement" as meaning " Sunday clo-sing," as " the prosecution of those who vio-late Sunday laws." Both Mr. Folk and Mr. Stone are strong m e m - bers of the heretofore dominant polit-ical party in Missouri, b u t t h e struggle for the senator-ship engaged in by them so di-vided the party as to make it possible for the Republicans to elect Attorney-General H. S. Hadley governor of the State. Thus, in the defeat of Judge Wallace in his effort to secure the nomination for governor, and the defeat of Governor Folk to reach the United States Senate, two of the most formidable civic war-riors for " strict compulsory legal sab-bath observance," the ablest champions  of religious legislation in the civil state in Missouri, that grand old common-wealth is temporarily rid of bigotry and intolerance, and, under God, the prin-ciples of religious liberty, and its advo-cates, have triumphed. Governor Folk has said that he would retire to private life and the practise of law; while Judge Wallace's term of office as criminal judge having expired, there seems no other course open to him than " private life and the practise of law." So, in Mis-souri, the political skies seem to have cleared from the threatening clouds of intol-erance and per-secution. But, alas! the battles won to-day are often lost to-morrow. THE follow-ing news dis-patch was sent out from Rome, under date of Dec. 9, 1908: " The pope to-day blessed Presi-dent - Elect Taft and his family. The blessing w a s declared in the presence of Archbishop J. J. Glennon, of St. Louis, who was one of the first persons re-ceived in au-dience by the pope on his resumption o f audiences following his recent indisposi- tion. Archbishop Glennon told the pope that he had received a letter from Mr. Taft, in which the president-elect ex- pressed his cordial friendship for Roman Catholics. The pope received the news with delight, and immediately pro- nounced his blessing upon Mr. Taft and his family." 