Hon. Richard Bartholdt on Personal Liberty and Sunday Legislation I AM convinced that the defense of personal liberty against the encroach-ments of sumptuary laws is as much the duty of every good American citizen as is the defense of his country against for-eign invasion, for you must remember there is no liberty other than that of the individual man, and the nation which is so indifferent as to permit its restriction in anything which is not morally wrong is either no longer free or is in imminent danger of losing its freedom. " Eternal vigilance," we know, " is the price of liberty." Have we been vigilant? Or is it not true that, while we were quarreling with our neighbor about the trusts, the tariff, and all this progressive business, somebody burglarized our house and stole the crown jewels of our political heritage? . . . On the ground of religion, people are deprived of their Sunday pleasures,Ñ a clear violation, by the way, of the Atlier-ican principle of a strict separation of church and state,Ñ and from these be-ginnings you can see it will not be a far step to a condition where we shall be told by law how to dress, what books to read, what church to worship in, to what schools we are to send our children, what to eat and drink, and where to go and where not to go. This is what is called sumptuary legislation, and there is at the present time unquestionably a trend in that direction not only in all our State legislatures, but also in Congress. Before I proceed to tell you why, from my viewpoint, all this is wrong, let me show you what is behind it. It is really a struggle between two civilizations, the Puritanical on the one hand and the Ger-manic or liberal on the other. Let us see how they differ. If my friend here is a Puritan, he believes all life's pleas-ures to be more or less wicked and dis-pleasing to God, while I believe in the joy of living. He casts his eyes down-ward in pious resignation ; I turn mine  up to the light of heaven in joyous ex-pectancy of the good things to come. He wants you to creep along in the shadow of gloom; I want you to bask in the sun-shine of happiness ; and the happy laugh-ter of men, women, and children, shock-ing to him, is sweet music in my ears. He believes, too, that man is made for Sunday, while I hold that Sunday is made for man. . . . The struggle between these two wholly different theories of life is on, my friends, and it is becoming fiercer every day. The attempts to further and fur-ther restrict our liberties in a Puritan sense are carried on in the garb of a re-ligious movement, and the ministers of all churches and the members of all con-gregations are constantly called upon for support and money to maintain lobbies in both the national and State capitals ; and these lobbyists are cracking the whip over our lawmakers, and are urging them on to pass more and more restrictive laws,Ñ laws which, in their mistaken zeal, they believe will make people good. I do not exaggerate, my friends, when I say that if this movement is not stopped, and stopped soon, the American people before long will find themselves wrapped up in a network of " don't's " which will completely hamper their free-dom of action; and instead of being free-men in all matters of personal conduct, they will be slaves fettered by the chains of un-American laws. Permit me, in this connection, to call attention to a most remarkable fact ; namely, that the people in many cases actually vote to enslave themselves. His-tory tells us of despots who kept their subjects in perpetual serfdom, and of rulers who robbed the people of their freedom; but there is no case on record, so far as we know, where the people of their own volition and by their own votes robbed themselves of their birthright. The United States is the first example I59 