16  LIBERTY up Constantine against the Donatists, many of whom were sent into exile or condemned to death. Constantine Decides a Religious Controversy Constantine, soon after beginning to bestow his favors upon the " most holy Catholic Church," was called upon to decide which of the contending parties was the Catholic Church. He decided the question. Not long thereafter he found himself in a position to decide what should be the creed of the Catholic Church. He decided that also in the Nicene creed, which in its final form, was the expression of his will ; for into the creed proposed by Eusebius, Con-stantine injected the word that outlawed Arianism. He went further ; for he commanded all the bishops at the council who would not sign the creed of their own free will to sign it anyway, under pain of banishment. Arius, against whose doctrine the creed was aimed, was banished ; his books were burned ; and it was decreed " that if any one shall be detected in concealing a book compiled by Arius, and shall not instantly bring it forward and burn it, the penalty for this offense shall be death." Only two of the seventeen bishops who at first re-fused to subscribe to the Nicene creed had the courage to stand by their con-victions, and these two were sent into exile. Later, when Constantine's son, Constantius, became sole ruler of the realm, he determined to establish Arian-ism. He therefore called a council of the bishops to convene at Arles, 353. The Emperor Dictates the Creed The first move of the Arian major-ity was to secure the condemnation of Athanasius, who had been the chief op-poser of Arius. They were successful, and all the bishops, under pain of ban-ishment, were compelled to sign the con-demnation. All signed but one, and he was exiled. Then came the council of Milan, two years later, at which Con-stantius demanded that all the Catholic bishops sign the condemnation of Atha-nasius, and sign also an Arian formula  of faith. Those who did not wish to sign pleaded that it was contrary to the canons of the church. The emperor's reply was, " My will is the canon." The eastern bishops signified their assent to the proposition ; and the emperor de-clared that whoever would not sign the condemnation of Athanasius, and also sign the Arian formula of faith, would be banished. This was none other than the logical result of the failure of the organized church to stand the test of imperial pre-ferment. She had coveted temporal power, and had received it ; but in the sorrowful transaction she had lost the power of the Holy Spirit, she had lost the spirit and the freedom of the gospel ; and the forms, rituals, and ceremonies of religion became to her a matter of merchandise, emolument, aggrandize-ment. As an organized body, that church, accepting the dictates of a tem-poral sovereign in its declaration sof faith, and helping to bind the con-sciences of men to his chariot-wheels, forsook its Lord, and became Babylon, the mystery of iniquity, the cage of every unclean and hateful bird. That is his-tory's lesson writ large for our learning, lest we, too, deserting the arm of Om-nipotence, should turn to the state for succor and support. Reason for Establishing Sunday But there is one feature of this record that we can not overlook. Those power-loving bishops had come to entertain a rankling hatred for the Jews,Ñ a hatred which has been perpetuated in all Cath-olic countries to this day. They were more favorable to the heathen than to those whom they stigmatized as the " murderers of our Lord ; " and it was through the influence of such Jew-hating bishops of the early church that the Sab-bath of Jehovah, because kept by the Jews, came into disrepute. This is hinted at in the following sentence from the bishop Eusebius, who was Constantine's adviser: "All things whatsoever that it was duty to do on the Sabbath, these we 