Religion and Science Archeology and the Scriptures HAS archeological research in Egypt and Palestine, with all its astounding re-sults, tended to confirm or impair con-fidence in the Bible ? The question may best be dealt with by first recalling the conception and development of what is popularly known as the Higher Criticism, the chief devotees of which were pro-fessors in theological seminaries in this country and Europe. They cast aside all accepted theories, and determined to test the Bible both in a literary sense and historically as they would test any other book. The results startled the Christian church. The critics announced that the evi-dence was conclusive that many of the books of the Old Testament were re-productions of earlier writings of un-known authors. These were combined in a single narrative by some editor or redactor. It was declared that two or three styles of writing were clearly dis-tinguishable. They ascribed one chapter or verse to one source and the following chapter or verse to another. Sometimes even a verse would be divided and at-tributed to two authors. Finally a polychromatic edition of the Old Testa-ment was published. Students in the foremost theological seminaries were no longer taught that Moses wrote the Pentateuch. The story of Abraham, of the Hittite nation, of Sargon, of Akkad, of Joseph, were de-clared half mythical, and the general his-torical correctness of the Old Testament writings was questioned. The author-ship of Daniel, of Isaiah, of Ezra and other books was placed many decades later than the time in which their reputed writers lived. Learned Professors Err The men being educated for the pul- pit of the Christian church were taught that the Isilb)e was worthy of being studied as literature, was superior to the Koran, the Vedas of the Hindus, or the teachings of Confucius, but withal con-taining fables and filled with historical inaccuracies. In the house of its friends the Bible began losing prestige, for the Higher Criticism that was at first con-fined to theologians now began to appear in the Christian churches. The very cit-adel of Christianity seemed tottering. The Higher Critics were not naturally antagonistic to the old or orthodox views of the Bible, although there often ex-isted a tendency on their part to go to unjustifiable extremes. Conclusions im-pairing the inspiration theory were reached and appeared to have foundation in fact, and could never have been con-troverted except by archeology. Men who stood high in the world of letters declared Moses could not have written the Pentateuch because writing was not known in his day or at least to him and his wandering tribes. Israel was considered a people belonging to the dim dawn of history, at a period when, except in Egypt, civilization had barely begun, and the development of writing from the earliest cuneiform characters was traced from a period long after Moses. Archeology then rendered this con-tention impossible by the discovery of the extraordinary civilization which ex-isted in the Tigro-Euphrates valley and in the valley of the Nile millenniums be-fore Abraham left Ur of the Chaldees, or Moses led his people out of Egypt. The world was already old in the times of Jacob and Moses. Entire libraries, written long before the Hebrew race ex-isted, have been discovered. Sargon, whose date is as early as 3800 B. C., founded a famous library at Accad con-sisting of 25,000 tablets. There has been brought to light the remains of another great library of 30,00o tablets at Tello dating from 2700 B. c. 