LIBERTY 19 laws."Š Rev. 14/. F. Crafts, in Chris-tian Statesman, July 3, 189o. " A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out and you take the rest out."Š Rev. W. F. Crafts, in " Hearing on Sunday Rest Bill," Dec. 13, 1888, page 21. " The experience of centuries shows  of their religious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another. or esteem all days alike holy. . . . It is not the legitimate province of the legis-lature to determine what religion is true or what false. . . . If the principle is once established that religion, or religious observances, shall be interwoven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it Copyright Underwood & L nderwood, New York BRITISH HIGHLANDERS CROSSING A SQUARE IN BOULOGNE, FRANCE that you will in vain endeavor to pre-serve Sunday as a day of rest unless you preserve it as a day of worship." ŠDr. Joseph Cook, in Boston Monday Lectures, in 1887. Our early statesmen evidently saw the un-Americanism and injustice of compelling Sunday observance by civil law. Col. Richard M. Johnson, in his report from the Committee on Post-Of-fices to the United States Senate, Jan. 19, 1829, makes this pertinent com-ment : Š " It should, however, be kept in mind that the proper object of government is to protect all persons in the enjoyment  to its ultimatum. We shall, if consistent, provide for the erection of edifices for worship of the Creator, and for the sup-port of Christian ministers, if we be-lieve such measures will promote the interests of Christianity." Believing Justice Robb's decision to be a very dangerous one, and that the in-alienable rights of American citizenship are menaced by such decisions, we feel justified in taking exception to it, and in so doing we are taking a position in har-mony with the attitude of the fathers of this country. Sunday legislation, being admittedly religioui, is contrary to the genius of our 