138 LIBERTY proach thereto, so that the people, and especially the legislators, in other coun-tries may understand that the people of the United States regard such legislation as inimical to the best interests of the nation, and an invasion of the rights of conscience; that such laws are held to be an apostasy from, and a violation of, the principles of equity, freedom, and liberty. Those who know what liberty means, should do their utmost to enlighten the world upon this vital subject, so that the inalienable rights of conscience may not be trodden underfoot, and religious persecution come again, as in the dark ages, upon those who still have a live conscience and a conviction as to their accountability to God. The following is a translation of the leaflet above referred to: Š A Movement in Favor of Obligatory Sunday Observance Some Reasons Against It It is already well known that among some classes there exists a determined purpose to induce the national govern- ment to make laws which shall compel the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week. It may be thought that their intention is innocent, but the move-ment is really an effort directed against liberty of conscience, and will result in depriving men of their inalienable rights, and consequently in persecution. No one denies that Sunday, as a day of rest, is a religious institution; and to make its observance obligatory means to deprive the people of the right of choice in religious matters to that extent. It does not leave each one free to decide for himself in matters of conscience. The individual is deprived of the right to decide personally whether or not he wishes to keep this day. This is an in-justice from whatever point of view it may be considered. In the first place, civil government was not instituted to prescribe the people's religion ; and in the second place, each one should be left free to decide for himself his own course in religious matters. When the state begins to legislate upon religious subjects, it goes out of its legitimate sphere, and assumes pre-rogatives which have never been given to it. Making religious laws is the pre-rogative of God, and no government can, without usurping divine prerogatives, presume to legislate in matters of relig-ion. The governments of the nations were instituted to conserve the civil interests of men. In this sphere they should re-ceive the respect and obedience of all, as Christ himself showed, saying, " Ren-der unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things which are God's." This also shows that, while in civil things we should be sub-ject to the government, in religious things we should be subject to God. He gave the church charge to watch over spiritual interests, and the governments to restrain violence, crime, and every overt act contrary to order and decency. So the church should not meddle with politics, neither should the government intermeddle in religious things. In relig-ion every person is responsible to God alone. The government can not, without passing the limits of its legitimate sphere, enact laws which would make the observance of Sunday obligatory, or enforce any other religious act. If any person believes that he can honor God by observing Sunday, the first day of the week, he can observe it without the ne-cessity of being compelled to do so; but if he does not wish to keep it, who has the right to compel him? If, for ex-ample, some one learns from the Bible that God commands men to keep the Sabbath, the seventh day of the week, should he not have liberty to obey?ŠSurely. But even in that case the civil government has no right to compel him to keep it, because God desires voluntary obedience, and not that which is forced. Christ said : " If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not." So, if it be the Sabbath or Sunday, or any other day, that a person believes it his 