LIBERTY Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof. Lev. 25 : VOL. V SECOND QUARTER, 19Io NO. 2 Editorial ONLY by sacredly guarding my neigh-bor's right to think and to believe for himself can I with any degree of as-surance guard my own right in the realm of belief and conscience. A FAIRLY complete report of the hear-ing on the Johnston Sunday bill will be found in another column. Let none fail to read the entire report. We can prom-ise that it will be interesting and profit-able reading, no matter on which side of the controversy the reader of this jour-nal may stand. In this report will be found the complete arguments of Profs. W. W. Prescott and Alonzo T. Jones. These arguments are fundamental Šthey go to the root of the matter. THE Constitution of the United States was not modeled after the charters of the colonies. It blazed a way for the States to follow. The example of our forebears is worthy of emulation to-day by our national government when Con-gress is being beseeched to enact a re-ligious law after the pattern of the States. Congress should lead rather than follow Š especially when the ex- ample set is a bad one. It is not for the parent to copy the child's misde-meanors, but to set an example, that will turn the feet of the child in the path of truth and righteousness. Let there be no religious legislation by our national Congress. WE are giving, in this number of LIB-ERTY, what no other journal or magazine, so far as we know, has ever attempted, that is, the pictures of the principal ru-lers of this world. Every person who re-ceives a copy of this issue will want to preserve it. It is veritably a royal photo-graph gallery. Every one who receives a copy should see to it that his neighbors and friends also are supplied. We shall be disappointed if this issue does not reach a circulation of one hundred thou-sand copies. Every one who believes the message which this journal is bearing to the world should appoint himself a com-mittee of one with power to act in bringing about that much-to-be-desired result. This number should sell wher-ever shown. Try it; the remuneration will be ample both from a financial stand-point and from the knowledge of the fact that a good work has been well done. 1 1 