8 LIBERTY should be taught by the clergy. Their commission, if they are truly the ambas- sadors of Christ, comes from a different government entirely Š the government of God. When the state steps in to dictate,  in the matter of what doctrines shall be promulgated by the clergy, the state by so doing assumes the right to 'direct the servants and representatives of another power. This at once implies that the state has dethroned the other power and taken that power's servants into its em-ploy to be directed by itself. But the condition which the cardinal says he hopes will be maintained in this country is the condition against which the Pope of Rome, and his secretary, and the Cath-olic clergy of the world, are so ardently protesting in Spain, and Italy, and Por-tugal, and France, and Mexico, and, in fact, in all countries where Catholicism has held undisputed sway. In those countries, the government, directed by the church, has declared what should be taught as religion and what should be disbarred from the country. It has es-tablished a rule of orthodoxy and carried it out oftentimes -under the most cruel regulations. When the French govern-ment ceased to pay the clergy of the Roman Catholic Church, a cry of pro-test from Catholicism went around the world. When the government of Spain began to take a more liberal attitude toward the professors of other religions, and evinced a tendency to grant to the people of Spain an opportunity to have their relations with their clergy based upon " affection, devotion, and apprecia-tion," rather than upon compulsion, the officials of the Roman hierarchy entered their strongest objection and most vig-orous protest. We are compelled to ques-tion how a Catholic cardinal can give ut-terance to such principles in America and support the Catholic hierarchy in its pro-tests against similar conditions in other countries. Writing Its Own Epitaph AT the National Reform Institute held in Winona Lake, Indiana, from the eighth to the nineteenth of August, the declara-tion was made that the amendment of the national Constitution, so that it would contain the name of God and of Jesus Christ, was necessary to the preservation of the nation. This assertion was met by the statement that if the recognition of God in the national Constitution would guarantee the preservation of the nation, then the Confederacy ought to be stand-ing to-day; for in the constitution of the Confederate States of America the very same recognition of Deity is found that the National Reformers are working so diligently to incorporate into our national Constitution ; and yet that nation, with the name of God in its constitution, went down inside of five years. When this fact was brought to the attention of a member of the faculty of the National Reform Institute, Rev. William Parsons, of Portland, Oregon, he replied that the Almighty " would not allow his name to go down to posterity linked with the hor-rible institution of human slavery." But if that nation went down because God would not permit his name to be linked with an institution that would enslave the bodies of men, we may know for a cer-tainty that he will not permit his name to go down to posterity linked with an insti-tution that stands for the slavery of the souls and consciences of men. If the one institution merited and received the frown of the Almighty, the other can have no reason to expect his smile of approval. The organizations that stand for the amendment of the Constitution so that the names of Deity shall appear in it, are the organizations that stand for the enactment of religious practises into statutory law. That means the oppres-sion of conscience, the restriction of re-ligious liberty, and of freedom of speech and of the press. The organization which 