LIBERTY 35 Others, and their names are great in the religious world, although they ob-serve the first day, freely concede that there is no divine, that is to say, Scrip-tural, authority for its observance. Still others affect to believe that it makes no difference which day should be kept, al-though it must be observed in passing, that some of these constitute in part the personnel of your Alliance, and so stul-tify themselves by sanctioning and join- not only as to what day he should ob-serve as the Sabbath, but also as to what he should do agreeable to true Sabbath-keeping. Let this fact be well borne in mind : once get this government com-mitted to the work as proposed by the Lord's Day Alliance, and from that mo-ment a person Š even you, gentlemen, who compose the Alliance Š will no longer be free to decide for himself as to what is his duty to his God. You there- ALASKA-YUKON-PACIFIC EXPOSITION In the center of the picture is the Government Building ing in the demand for the enforcement of a specific day. In view of these great religious differences, and others which might be submitted, it must be apparent that no one day can possibly be, enforced by civil enactment without invading the individual and inherent rights of some. This of itself should be sufficient to show that such work is inherently wrong, and not only subversive of human rights, but altogether antagonistic to the spirit of Christianity. It is further an invasion of human rights, because it would deprive the indi-vidual of the right of deciding for him-self Š one of the Protestant principles Š  fore propose a step that will mean bond-age, not only to the people of this coun-try, but also to yourselves Šliterally give them and yourselves over to Caesar to render to him that which you should be free to render to God. This, gentlemen, I protest you can not afford to do. I am not unmindful of the claim that is made by some that man needs one day in seven for physical rest, without which he must deteriorate. Because of this it is argued that it is incumbent upon the government to secure to him such rest. Without stopping to discuss this question of man's need, the argument that government must legislate in this re- 