64 LIBERTY Going to the post office to get busi-ness mail. Getting a shine. Getting a shave. Riding, driving, or hiring a horse from a livery stable. Taking a photograph for which a charge is made. Holding a picnic for which tickets are sold or admission fee charged. Buying, selling, exposing for sale any property, including newspapers. Writing for or printing Sunday morn- ing newspapers after midnight, Saturday. Writing for or prin'ting Monday morn- ing newspapers before midnight, Sunday. Sprinkling the lawn. Making ice cream or other unneces-sary foods in one's own home. Giving music lessons. Conducting band rehearsals. Working for a lodge or club as secre-tary, or in any other capacity as an em-ployee. Hiring a boat or a bathing suit or go-ing in swimming at a public bathing place. Selling flowers. Bookkeeping or auditing accounts. Giving or attending motion picture shows or concerts. Let any reader who wishes Sunday ob-served look over this list of " don'ts " and see how many of them he obeys ev-ery week.Š The Literary Digest for Sept. 16, 1916, pp. 699-701. Church Seeks Control of Press THE art of printing can be of great service in so far as it furthers the cir-culation of useful and tested books; but it can bring about serious evils if it is permitted to widen the influence of per-nicious works. It will, therefore, be necessary to maintain full control over the printers so that they may be pre-vented from bringing into print writings which are antagonistic to the Catholic faith, or which are likely to cause trouble to believers.Š Papal bull " Inter Multi-Ores," by Pope Alexander VI. The Sabbath IT is the duty of the civil power to protect Christians against disturbance in their Sabbath worship. But the power is intruding into the divine prerogative when it assumes the right to compel the subject to worship God, or to refrain from those pursuits which do not dis-turb others. The keeping of the Sabbath is eminently ,a moral duty, and hence it must be a voluntary service rendered un-der the pressure of moral suasives only. As the Sabbath is of vast utility in preserving the knowledge and worship of God, and thereby promoting the temporal and spiritual welfare, the present and future happiness, of mankind, it is our duty to make every exertion to prevent its violation, by inculcating those moral principles which underlie its acceptable observance. At the same time we should avoid an uncharitable condemnation of those who have been educated in Christian coun-tries where Puritanic strictness in regard to the Sabbath does not prevail.Š Bin-ney's " Theological Compend Improved," p. 173. Flood of Sunday Bills WE were going to enumerate all the Sunday bills and the different States in which these bills have been introduced since the State legislatures opened this winter, but in looking over the list we discovered that nearly every State legis-lature in the Union has had from three to a dozen Sunday bills introduced. Some are for a stricter observance of the day, some for' a more liberal con-struction of the existing laws, some are for a referendum to the people, and some for repeal. We have already received word from Iowa, Missouri, North Da-kota, Oregon, New Hampshire, and Minnesota, in whose legislatures drastic Sunday bills were introduced at the in-stigation of religious organizations and ministeriums, that these legislatures, after granting hearings, reported ad- versely upon the bills. C. S. L. 