LIBERTY 33 Church and State in Sweden S. F. SVEN SON GUSTAVUS VASA, the first Lutheran king of Sweden, was the founder of the state church of that country. Both he and his energetic son, Charles, cherished a strong tendency to rule the church; but they were opposed by such powerful Reformers as Olaus Petri and Olaus Martini, who partly succeeded in neutral-izing their effort to put the church wholly in subjection to the state. Though the church continued to be connected with the state from the time  ligious persecution has not been so se-vere in Sweden as in many other Prot-estant countries, yet there has been more than enough of it even here. The result of a union of church and state has, as a general rule, always been persecution, to some extent. Thus Swedish history in-forms us that persons holding different views from the established church have often been fined, imprisoned, and at times have even been put to death. Nay, they did not even need to differ from her THE ROYAL PALACE AT STOCK HOLM of the Reformation, yet she succeeded for a long time in preserving a certain amount of liberty; but in the year 1686 a complete union was effected. What both Gustavus Vasa and Gustavus Adol-phus had aimed at was carried out by Charles XI, who permitted the church toŁ come entirely under the control of the state. From that time church and state were one. Thus it continued unchanged until the time of Charles XV. While Swedish citizens, professing a different faith than that of the Lutheran, were granted certain privileges in 1741 and 1781, it was not until 186o that they were permitted to leave the state church and organize churches of their own. While it may perhaps be true that re- with reference to doctrinal points. Pre-viously to 186o a revival began in differ-ent parts of the country. Laymen gath-ered the people together in the houses and explained to them the Word of God according to the Lutheran tenets. Fre-quently they were interrupted by the state-church preacher or the sheriff, who would break up the meeting, and have the leader fined or put in jail. It will be readily seen that when they could thus treat those of their own faith, their treatment of Baptists and others would be still more severe. The state still governs the church. The king is her head ; the state is her legislator. Consequently the laws of the church are made by a body whose mem- 