LIBERTY 23 of the land, and they took every precau-tion humanly possible to make the idea of the absolute divorcement of church and state the key-note of American lib-erty. The equality of all men before the law, and the right of every man to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, or not to worship at all, are the corner-stones of American jurisprudence that they laid. But here in one of the chief States of the Amer-ican Union, and in the twentieth century of civilization and progress, principles absolutely opposed to the spirit and the letter of the fundamental law are advo-cated by public officials, and their de-mand that " Christianity " shall become " a part of the American law " is met with a ready response upon the part of forty-seven thousand citizens ! What Is Involved in It Regarding the question of enforced Sabbath laws, it may be well to remem-ber the wholesome advice given the Sab-bath reformers early in the past century, and found in the memorable United States Senate report of 1829, which says : Š " If the principle is once established that religion, or religious observances, shall be interwoven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it to its ultimatum. We shall, if consistent, provide for the erection of edifices for worship of the Creator, and for the support of Chris-tian ministers, if we believe such meas-ures will promote the interests of Christianity." Concerning the same matter the House Committee on March 5, 1830, said : Š " If Congress shall, by the authority of law, sanction the measure recom-mended, it would constitute a legislative decision of a religious controversy, in which even Christians themselves are at issue. However suited such a decision may be for an ecclesiastical council, it is incompatible with a republican legisla-ture, which is purely for political and not for religious purposes. . . . If the measure recommended should be adopted,  it would be difficult for human sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the suc-cession, or how numerous the train of measures which would follow, involving the dearest rights of all Š the rights of conscience." To the citizen of Missouri the question of religious legislation Š the advocacy of principles that would lead them back to Rome by its executive and judicial officials Š is altogether relevant ; it is all-important. The propaganda, for such it is, demands public attention; it demands a united and hearty disapproval. " Sunday as a religious institution can receive no legal recognition. It is manifest that the religious liberty of the Jew or the infidel would be violated by a compulsory observance of Sunday as a religious institution." So said Judge Pratt, of Elmira, N. Y. And Judge Pratt is right. The writer in this article is offering no defense of saloons, intemperance, or lawlessness. He believes that lawless-ness, and whatever is inimical to the rights, and destructive to the life or the health, of individuals, are matters of public control on all days alike : he denies the right and the justice of leg-islating especially in favor of a religious institution, in order to reach vice and crime. The Proposed Sunday Law Its Purpose Analyzed C. M. SNOW OF the ten bills for the better observ-ance of Sunday that were introduced into Congress during its last session, only one (Senate Bill No. 3940, prepared by Senator Johnston, of Alabama) received dangerous recognition. This bill, as amended, reads as follows : Š " AN ACT " For the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest in the District of Columbia. " Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United State: of America in Congress assembled, That 