' Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Leviticus 25. io. 4,077- .... . The " Mayflower " Under Sail VOL. XV FOURTH QUARTER, 1920 NO. 4 They Builded Better Than They Knew By the Managing Editor 0N a bronze tablet on the Memo-rial Monument at Provincetown, Cape Cod, Mass., is this inscrip-tion, written by Dr. Charles Eliot, presi-dent emeritus of Harvard University : " On November 21, 1620, the ' Mayflower,' carrying 102 passengers, men, women, and chil-dren, cast anchor in this habor, sixty-seven days from Plymouth, England. " On the same day the forty-one adult males of the company h a d solemnly cove-nanted and combined themselves together ' into a civil body politick.' " This body politic established and main-tained on the bleak and barren edge of a vast wilderness a state without a bishop or a priest; a democratic commonwealth, t h e members of which were `straightly tied to all care of each other's good and of the whole by every one.' " With long-suffering devotions and sober resolutions, they illustrated for the first time in history the principles of the religious and civil liberty and the practice of a genuine democracy. " Therefore the remembrance of them shall  be perpetuated in the vast Republic that has inherited their ideals." The Pilgrims are of the number who builded better than they knew, and are to be honored, not so much for the narrow theocracy they designed, as for the broad democracy, the foundation of which they actually laid. ThePilgrims were God-fearing men and women, who loved liberty and who sacrificed for it; but it is a ¥mistake to suppose that their purpose was to establish " the principles of the religious and civil liberty and the practice of a genuine demo c-racy." The purpose of the Pilgrims was to establish a theocracy, and " the religious and civil liberty " they sought was liberty for themselves, and for others of like faith and practice only. Roscoe Lewis Ashley remarks : " We hear it said, that the Puritans came to America for religious liberty. . . . Nothing 99 