68 LIBERTY God. Yet they who are seeking in our day to. make certain religious customs compulsory are opening the way for an-other sorrowful epoch in human history. The right to freedom of conscience has been dearly bought. The price has been paid in the blood of the most conscien-tious men and women in the world. Let  the followers of Christ see to it that never again shall his name be coupled with oppression, or his character and purposes and love be misrepresented by making any religious custom compulsory or by outlawing or oppressing any human being on account of his faith or his mode of worship. The Governor and the Cardinal Church and State Affair in Massachusetts C. S. LONGACRE NEW ENGLAND has been greatly agi-tated over the recent visit of President Taft to Boston. The Boston Charitable Irish Society of Catholics gave President Taft a royal banquet on the evening of March i8 in the Banquet Hall of the Hotel Somerset. The program for the evening was previously arranged, and Cardinal O'Connell was to occupy the position of first place next to the Presi-dent in the commonwealth of Massachu-setts, and Governor Foss and Mayor Fitzgerald were to occupy third and fourth places respectively. Accordingly Cardinal O'Connell was seated next to President Taft on his right, and was also accorded the second position on the pro-gram of speeches for the occasion. The presiding officer of the Irish So-ciety introduced Cardinal O'Connell as " the first citizen of the commonwealth of Massachusetts." The governor of the State was informed that the cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church was to oc-cupy the first position as the representa-tive of the church and be introduced as " the first citizen of the commonwealth of Massachusetts," and that the highest civil officer of the commonwealth was to come in as the second citizen ; and there-upon the governor refused to be present and take part in the program, being un-willing to have the church exalted above the state on such an occasion. The stand which the governor took has caused much comment throughout the country, and has started a heated con-troversy. A few quotations from the  daily newspapers will indicate the feel-ing that exists. The Boston Journal of March 21 contained the following edi-torial, under the title of " Church and State " : Š " Governor Foss must be commended and supported in his stand that the gov-ernor of this commonwealth can not take a secondary place at a public affair to any church official of any church, how-ever exalted or dignified. It is unfor-tunate that such a question was ever precipitated, because the people at large do not wish such a question ever to be raised. But being raised, there is abso-lutely no question as to what the people of the State will decide. They will not suffer the public representative of all the people to wait till any ecclesiastic has taken a superior place." Another article, entitled " A Protest," appeared in the same paper on the same date, and reads as follows : Š " To the Editor of the Boston Journal: The Pope's power in America needs a shock to adjust it to its proper place. When a foreign representative demands precedence over our governor, it is high time for another Martin Luther. It may be well for Europe to be under the Pope's thumb and subservient to his wish, but in America it is about time such medievalism came to a close, and orders of precedence in state matters not be dictated by Cardinal O'Connell or any other prelate. If Catholics are cultured enough to understand and not approve this action, then it is time the cardinal 