LIBERTY 214 4)9 The Johnston Sunday Bill Š Exceptions G. B. THOMPSON SENATE bill 3940, introduced by Sen-ator Johnston, of Alabama, is entitled " An Act for the Proper Observance of Sunday as a Day of Rest in the District of Columbia." This bill, which has been passed by the Senate, and is now in a committee of the House of Represen-tatives, provides, " that it shall be un-lawful for any person or corporation in the District of Columbia, on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, to labor at any trade or calling, or to employ or cause to be employed his ap-prentice or servant in any labor or busi-ness, except "Š except what? Here are a few of these exceptions : Š I. " Except in household work or other work of necessity or charity." Here the usual exception found in Sun-day bills for works of " necessity and charity " is given. " Household work " is here listed as a necessity. But who is to settle just what household work is necessary? Then whose " necessity " is meant in the bill? Is it the one who works, or the one for whom the labor is per-formed ? It might be necessary, in order to keep warm, to repair a furnace on Sunday. This might make the work of a plumber or a tinner necessary. A farmer may decide that in order to get his crop planted in time, it is necessary for him to work on Sunday. Or in har-vesting the same, he may think it neces-sary, in order to save his crop from de-struction, that he not only work himself, but employ others on that day. Who is to determine this,Š the farmer, the judge, or the jury? What is the word " charity " intended to cover? Is it relieving pain, helping those in trouble, and doing kindly acts? If so, these can be made to cover a mul-titude of things which Sunday-law advo-cates do not sanction. It might be a commendable act of charity to chop wood on Sunday for a sick person, or to haul  a ton of coal to a widow. Would this excuse from arrest the man who chopped the wood or hauled the coal? Nor do we deny the fact that there are works of charity and necessity on the Sabbath, and that these are justified by the words of Christ, " It is lawful to do well on the Sabbath days ; " " The Sab-bath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath." But just what these works are, and when any work is lawful or unlawful on the Sabbath, each indi-vidual must decide for himself before God. His own conscience, enlightened by the Word of God, and guided by the Spirit of God and the circumstances con-nected with each particular case, must determine this, and not some human enactment or court of law. 2. " Except also newspaper publishers and their employees." Why should a man who uses his capital in conducting a newspaper be allowed to work on Sun-day any more than the man who uses his capital in building houses, or bridges, or in manufacturing useful articles, all of which are necessary to the comfort and well-being of society? Why ex-empt the one, and punish the other? Or why should a man who makes his living working in a printing-office be permitted to work on Sunday, while a bricklayer, stone-mason, or mechanic in other lines can be fined and imprisoned for doing honest work on the same day? In what way does this differ from class legisla-tion? The application of this proposed legislative exemption by Congress is evi-dently unjust as well as absurd. 3. " Except also public-service corpo-rations, in the necessary supplying of service to the people of the District." We are here again involved in doubt as to just who shall decide what is included in " the necessary supplying of service to the people of the District." We pre- sume the intention of the framer of this bill is to exempt the railroads, street-cars, taxicabs, automobiles, and such other public conveyances as may be used in the District. But are these all " neces-sary ? " is the question. In Canada a 