The Menace of a National Religion C. S. LONGACRE OUR nation was founded and thus far has been maintained without a national religion. It was not a " happen so," but was intentional on the part of the found-ers of our republic. The object in this international departure from the long-established custom of nations, was to avoid the baneful results of a union of state and church, and to prove that life, liberty, happiness, and prosperity could he fostered best for all citizens under the new order of things." During the last two years the Na-tional Reformers have repeatedly voiced and published the following statement: " The nation must have a religion of its own and a worship of its own." They have lobbied Congress and the State leg-islatures for more than twenty-five years, and have urged the enactment of laws which would tend to establish the Christian religion as a part of the fun-damental law of the land. Their con-tinued efforts in that direction are a per-petual menace, and their success would be a national calamity. The very first amendment to the na-tional Constitution reads : " Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Why was this amendment added to the Constitution? The founders of the nation purposely separated religion from the state because of their friendliness to religion, and not because of hostility toward it. They did it in order that religion might be free, and might rest upon the foundation where Christ himself placed it,Š the im-movable Rock,Š the only foundation against which the gates of hell would not be able to prevail. They knew that the republic could not survive unless all re-ligions and sects, as well as each indi-vidual person, stood on the same equal-ity before the law. The Constitution purposely aimed to vindicate " the divine right of individuality in religion, and in religion above all." 32 National religion and individuality in religion can not exist together. The re-public can not exist with both any more than it could exist " half free and half slave." The right of individuality in religion and the equality of all religions before the law are the very essence of Protestantism and the very soul of re-publicanism. Any idea that is opposed to this principle is anti-Protestant and antirepublican. Any movement whose aim is to establish here a national relig-ion is an enemy not only to the Con-stitution, but to the republic itself. A national religion can not exist with-out a national head, any more than a hu-man body can live and operate without a head. Never yet has a nation had a na-tional religion without the appointment of one to be the head of that religion. If the United States should establish a national religion, some particular re-ligion would have to be established, and some one appointed as its pontifex max-imus. The numerical preponderance of Roman Catholics in this country over the members of any other denomination gives us a very plain clue as to who that pontifex maximus would be. The strang-est thing about this whole movement to establish a national religion in the United States is that such a suicidal proposition should come from an organization pro-fessedly Protestant, and from men who call themselves Americans. Nothing could be more foreign to true Protestant-ism and to the American idea of civil and religious liberty than the union of relig-ion with the state. God wants and needs no help from Cxsar. The Lord wants no puny human hand to steady his ark, and he said so in the experience of Uzza, who put forth his hand to steady the ark in days of old. No greater dishonor could be shown to God than to make the stability and perpetuity of his govern-ment depend upon the arm of flesh. A national religion in a republic can not be maintained without that religion 