LIBERTY 69 the ultimate triumph of truth, that he was per-fectly willing to have the press present error without constitutional interference, if truth could only be left free to combat it. He was unalterably opposed to the establishment of a censorship of the press. No doubt, the strongest eulogy on the press which was ever pronounced by any statesman, was uttered by Thomas Jefferson, when he said that if he must choose between a government without newspapers, and newspapers without a gov-ernment, he would prefer to risk the newspa-pers or the press without a government. By law as it is, is a sufficient remedy for a dirty press or a slanderous press. Argument of Mr. S. B. Horton Mr. S. B. Horton, secretary of the Columbia Religious Liberty Association, addressed the committee as follows : Š With all due respect to the authors of the two bills before this committee at the present time, I submit that there is wrapped up in the legislation proposed a menace to the free- PROF. W. W. PRESCOTT, WASHINGTON, D. C., EDITOR " THE PROTESTANT MAGAZINE " that he meant that public opinion would meas-urably correct things if public opinion was left free to express itself through a free medium, and that a government without free expression and discussion of public opinion would soon become a despotism. . . . Mr. Reilly, a Catholic member of the committee, sought by persistent question-ing to cause Professor Longacre to admit that he was in favor of a dirty press. Professor Longacre's contention was that he would prefer to see a free press and a clean press rather than either a dirty press or a muzzled press; that the REV. HOWARD G. ENGLAND, WASH- INGTON, D. C. dom of the press as well as to religious liberty. These measures propose to amend the postal laws so as to give to the Postmaster-General absolute power to exclude from the mails " pamphlets, pictures, prints, engravings, litho-graphs, photographs, or other publications " which in his judgment " are, or are repre-sented to be, a reflection on any form of reli-gious worship practiced or held sacred by any citizens of the United States." We do not for a moment stand for the pub-lishing and distribution of literature of " scan-dalous, scurrilous, indecent, immoral, or libel-ous " character. But we submit that the terms of either bill are so sweeping in character as to prohibit legitimate criticism of any " reli- 