Serious Dangers Before the American Ship of State ONE of the greatest evils of our times is the grgw-ing demand for re-ligious legislation. This demand on the part of religious organizations is be-coming more and more insistent, and in some instances the civil authorities are yielding to it. The foundation pillars of civil and religious liberty are being thus assailed by their most relentless foes. Religious organizations that are clamoring for governmental recognition of their peculiar dogmas, are setting their sails to catch every wind that blows. But they are working in the dark, under cover, camouflaging their real mo-tives. They are adopting the U-boat method in attacking the Ship of State. The accom-panying cartoon is therefore not overdrawn. We hear much of such organizations as the National Reform Association, the Christian Cit-izenship League, the Christian Elector's Asso-ciation, the International Reform Bureau, the American Sabbath Union, the Lord's Day Al-liance, the Sunday Rest League, the Federated Churches, the Christian Party, the Federal Council of Churches, the Civic Righteousness Alliance, the American Sabbath League, the Federation of Catholic Societies, and the like, all of them formidable organizations, and all having one object Ñ that of establishing and enforcing religion by law. The most lamentable feature, as well as the most surprising one, is the fact that most of these organizations are professedly Protestant. It is a sad commentary on our estimate of the value of freedom that Protestant organiza-tions in the main are drifting away from their original moorings and from the foundation pil-lars of faith, and are joining hands with that system which, during the Dark Ages, claimed the right, and still claims the right, to use the civil power for religious ends, and whose history is stained with the blood of many martyrs. Civil liberty and religious liberty stand or fall together. No nation can long maintain o  one without the other. They are the two comple-ments which make the proposition complete. While we are striving to make the world safe for political de-mocracy, we must not forget to save the world from religious autocracy. -A religious tyranny of the majority, confederated for the purpose of controlling political institutions and oppressing the minority, is not a whit better than a re-ligious autocracy of a few which menaces the rights of the majority. Alliances of religion and politics are wrong in principle, and always dangerous to the cause of civil and religious liberty. The results of such a combination can only be religious and civil despotism. A union of religion with the civil government is incompatible with the teach-ings of the New Testament. The medieval custom of uniting the church and the state in so-called Christian nations, is not an outgrowth of true Christian principles, but is a practice borrowed from pagan nations, whose prevail-ing religions were always fostered by, or per-haps we would better say, identified with the civil governments. The present tendency toward attempting to make people righteous and religious through the establishment of religious dogmas by civil authority is a danger signal at which we should take alarm. Sunday laws and universal com-pulsory Sunday observance, are an entering wedge, opening the gates for a flood of re-ligious legislation to follow in its wake. It is high time that a strong voice of protest be raised against ecclesiastical encroachments upon our free institutions, and the conscience of the individual. A complete divorcement of the church from the state is in harmony with Christ's teachings, and is the only sure basis of domestic peace and religious freedom. Let us keep the church and state eternally sepa-rate, that truth, justice, and liberty may pre-vail, and that tranquillity and happiness may be promoted and more firmly established. By C. S. Longacre 