The League of Nations By C. S. Longacre 0  NE of the plans suggested to obviate the danger of future wars is a " league of nations." There are many perplexing questions involved in this proposition, which diplomats have not yet solved. It means the giving of enormous and extensive powers to an international judicial body. There are great giants, tremendous obstacles, standing in the path, challenging the success of the undertak-ing. So true is this that even great commercial interests are already taking alarm at the possi-ble loss their business is likely to sustain should the league of nations become a fact, and war be no more. No one can justly question the motives of the great diplomats who favor such a league. Their aim is to form a union of nations on a similar political basis, and for a similar purpose, as the thirteen original States formed a national union and a central government in the United States; namely, for the protection of their common in-terests, and to insure a lasting peace and to pro-mote tranquillity among the family of States. It is very evident that such a political union serves a good purpose when its centralized power and authority are not abused. It has served a good purpose in the Federal union of the United States. Likewise the inter- national conventions at The  f  Hague, while they did not prevent all wars,  i successfully arbitrated three great interna-tional disputes which otherwise might have resulted i n  destructive and costly con-flicts. The best thinkers and the greatest diplomats who are the most ardent advocates of a league of nations, do not claim that such a federated union, bound by agreements and covenants, will usher in eternal peace and forever bar all wars, but that such an arrangement will simplify the settlement of international controversies and greatly minimize the dangers of war. There are some who believe that such a po-litical federation is going to usher in the ever-lasting reign of peace and righteousness and the promised kingdom of God. But such fail to differentiate between the peace of man and the peace of God, between carnal peace and spirit-ual place. One is unstable and easily broken, while the other is abiding and eternal. The kingdom of God and of his Christ will never be ushered into the world through the gateway of politics. The nations and rulers of earth will never crown Christ as King of kings and Lord of lords. The spiritual peace and everlasting righteousness promised by God is on condition of spiritual regeneration, and not legal political reformation merely. We must not con-fuse political peace and civic righteousness with spiritual peace and divine righteousness; nor (Concluded on page 21) ',f  orsaillcs, 