ALBERT AND IIIS WIFE, KING AND LIBERTY specifically why he would ob-ject to the passage of this bill if the religious world generally wanted it, the judge replied: " Because it is legislation upon a religious subject, which is con-trary to all our institutions, and contrary to the United States Constitution." A member of the committee asked him whether he considered the pro-posed legislation unconstitu-tional. He replied that he would so consider it. The next speaker was Rabbi Abram Simon, who occupied five minutes. He did not wish to seem to oppose the Sab-bath idea or the idea of the necessity and desirability of rest ; but maintained that the process of education was a much stronger process than that of legislation, and that in the mat-ter of the legal enforcement of Sunday observance there was a religious controversy involved. If the whole question was one of " police regulation," he wished to know why Thanksgiving and the Fourth of July were not " regulated " in the same way. Mr. Robert S. Copeland, representing the employing photographers of Wash-ington, appeared before the committee to protest against the passage of the measure, holding that to close the pho-tograph parlors on Sunday would be to ruin the business of many of them. Prof. Alonzo T. Jones, of Michigan, closed the argument for the opposition, occupying fifteen minutes. He said : Š Argument by Prof. A. T. Jones MR. CHAIRMAN : As was announced, I am fromŁ Michigan. That, of course, puts me at once outside the District, and among those who were informed by one of the speakers on the opposite side that this legislation as to what is done inside the District is " none of our business." But I submit that whatso-ever the Congress of the United States does is the business of every citizen of  QUEEN OF BELGIUM the United States, whether done in the District of Columbia or anywhere else. The Constitution of the United States says that I, having been born in the United States, and subject to its juris-diction, am a citizen of the United States. Therefore that is why I am here; because this legislation concerns not only me but every other citizen of the United States outside the District of Columbia. If the people of the District of Colum-bia were self-governing people, and had this to accomplish themselves, as the people of a State, then it would be none of my business, who do not belong in the District of Columbia ; but when the Congress of the United States does it, then it is the business of every citi-zen of the United States, because the Congress of the United States has in-struction from the people of the United States setting limitations beyond which the Congress can not go in legislation. And that is why I am here. Therefore 