606 34 LIBERTY tyrants; this matter can not be judged of but by the Spirit of God. I.Š No, no ; you ought not to think that so many learned doctors as there then were in the Catholic Church would have allowed it had it been wrong to put heretics to death. J.Š I will not rely on the instruc-tions or wisdom of men. I adhere to the teaching of Christ and his apostles, who continually admonished us to separate ourselves from false prophets, and to avoid heretics; but not pursue or per-secute them to death. I.Š My son, do you know why they did not put them to death? J.Š In my judgment, because it was not pleasing to God. I.Š No, no; it was because they had not sufficient power, and had neither king, nor prince, nor magistrate. J.Š Christ had power enough ; he had at his command more than twelve legions of angels ; and the apostles had power enough by the Holy Ghost ; but they were called to be a flock, to be as sheep and lambs, harmless as doves ; converted as children. I.Š It is very true that it was so at that time. J.Š Must the children of God, now, sir, be of a different nature from what they were then? Ought they to have the nature of the wolf ? I.Š Certainly not ; I did not say that. J.Š Yet, sir, it seems to me that they who now boast of being the children of God have the true nature of devouring wolves. (" He looked hard at me," wrote Jacques.) I.Š Why do you say that? J.Š Because, sir, Christ calls his peo-ple sheep and lambs; and it is the nature of a flock of sheep that when they see beasts approaching, and perceive a wolf among them, they will take to flight, even if there were a thousand sheep to one wolf. They do not rend and destroy a wolf and shed his blood; but they who boast of being the flock of Christ do just the contrary; from whence do they then derive their nature? I.Š The simile does not hold, it an-swers no purpose as a proof : the flock of Christ is not like a flock of sheep. " Perceiving he rejected this," says Jacques, " I asked him, Must not the children of God be born of God, as John testifies, and must they not be of the same nature and disposition as their Father, the Lord? " I.Š Yes, but why? J.Š Because it is written that the Son of God was led as a lamb to the slaugh-ter, and opened not his mouth. His chil-dren, then, must be of the same nature and disposition, seeing they are born of God. I.Š So? That was appointed to come to pass. I.Š Why? I.Š That the Scriptures might be ful-filled. J.Š In like manner must the Scrip-tures be fulfilled in his children. I.Š What scripture? J.ŠThis: " If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you. Re-member the word that I said unto you ; a servant is not greater than his Lord." I.Š He said that to his apostles. I.Š I understand that he spoke of all his children, and that the same is writ-ten for our learning. I.Š No, no, my son ; you ought to know that the apostles were sent to pro-claim and preach the gospel to every creature, and the Lord predicted that they would experience many sufferings, and be put to death; but after they had gained over a prince to the faith, then they would have rest, and might put the heretics in their country to death. J.Š Sir, Christ did not say that, nor am I able to comprehend how it can be the nature of the sheep to kill a wolf and destroy him; for your people say that you are the flock of Christ, and that we are destroying wolves, and you kill us; that does not seem to me right. "Hereupon," says Jacques, " he asked me laughingly, ' Jacques, was not Peter one of Christ's sheep, and did he not kill two persons?' " 