Palace of Versailles, Nine Miles from Paris, Wh( Versailles is a city of France, capital of the department of Seine-et-Oise. It is located on a plain south-west of Paris. The chief attraction of the place is the palace of Louis XIV, altered somewhat in its interior by Louis XV. Here was signed the preliminary treaty of peace between England and the United States in 011,711M.  ,  inrrrrar--r,  A CONFESSIO1N RELIGIO1 By ( IT is a principle of law that that which cannot be legitimately done directly cannot be rightfully done indirectly. But this just principle is flagrantly violated in Sunday laws, as we shall show. It is very generally admitted, even by the defenders of Sunday legislation, that our American States have no right to require Sun-day rest on religious grounds, but they insist that the state can rightfully require the same thing on civil grounds. This is to say, that if the state compels an individual to stop work on Sunday because of the religious character of the day, that would be doing him a wrong; but if it requires him to desist from Sunday work because rest one day in seven is a physical necessity, or something of that kind, there is no wrong done him. Now, preceisely the same thing is required of the individual in either case; precisely the same effect is felt by the individual. Yet we are asked to believe that in the one case he would be suffering a wrong, while in the other case there would be no wrong whatever done him. Whether he suffered an injustice or not would not be a question of the nature of the act or its result upon him, but only of the 12 motive by which the act was prompted! Such distinctions are, we confess, altogether too fine for our comprehension. If the thing prohibited were wrong in its very nature, as murder or theft, the case would he different. The state does not deal with murder from a religious standpoint, that is, as a sin, but as a crime, and as such, prohibits it under the severest penalties. But honest labor upon any day cannot be justly classed with murder, theft, or any other act wrong in itself. Honest labor is not a thing to be prohibited as an enemy of social peace and order. It would he far more reasonable to prohibit idleness, since idleness is known to breed innumerable evils. 