Sixty Papers Placed on the "Black List" By Gilson Gardner HOW about the new censorship? is a live question these days, to publishers in particular and to radicals generally; for to the latter the question is equivalent to: How about free speech? So far, there has been no action taken either by the Post Office Department or by courts under what is known as the " new censorship law." This " law " con-sists of a clause contained in the recently passed Trading-with-the-enemy Act, mak-ing it illegal not only to mail, but other-wise to publish or circulate, matter declared by post office officials " unmail-able " under the old law Š that is, the Espionage Act, enacted shortly after our entry into the war. Carriers Succeed Mail A number of papers denied the privi-lege of the mails under this old law, have still circulated locally by carrier or on the news stands, or by freight or express. Secrecy surrounds the administration of the post office censorship to such an extent that not even a list of the papers summoned will be made public. All hearings are behind closed doors, and the records are given to the parties inter-ested " only in confidence." There is no docket, no notice, no open trial, nor any certainty as to when an order will be is-sued in any case. Up to date about sixty papers have been put on the " black list," according to Solicitor Lamar, for the Post Office Absurd and Con- tradictory The Idaho Sunday Law Should Re Repealed While perhaps a worthy object was sought to be attained by its passage, the provisiGns of the act itself are in many respects both ab-surd and contradictory, and the matter has twice been before the supreme court, requiring the con-stru tion at the hands of that tri-bunal, while many other of its pro-visions still remain in grave doubt. . .. The reasons for many of these prohibitions are simply incompre-hensible to the average milid. Per-sonally, I do not believe it proper to legislate upon matters of this kind. . . . As a result of its experi-ence in construing this law, the supreme court has proposed in its report to the governor that it be so amended as to make it intelligible. Undoubtedly the act needs amend-ment if it is continued in force, but I would suggest as a still better remedy that the entire act be re-pealed.Š Governor James H. Haw-ley, of Idaho, in his message to the eleventh legislature, 1911. 13 