LIBERTY 49 She persuades men only, and needs no civil enactments for her support. Christ Jesus said his ' kingdom is not of this world.' " I any a religious man, and believe in keep-ing the supreme law, which says, The sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God;' but we deny the right of any government to enact a law enforcing its observance, or the observance of any other day, or any other religious institution. " In requiring the observance of one day of rest the state enters a realm forbidden by the all-wise Creator, who ordained civil gov-ernments to direct in things earthly. Treats Citizens as Incompetents " Is it necessary to enforce a period of weekly rest by civil law? We reply in the PASTOR J. 0. CORLISS A Pacific Coast champion of religious liberty language of the supreme court of California, which rendered a decision regarding this very point: 'If we cannot trust free agents to regulate their own labor, its times and quan-tity, it is difficult to trust them to make their own contracts. If the legislature could pre-scribe the days of rest for them, it would seem that the same power could prescribe the hours to work, rest, and eat.' Pagan Origin and Conception " Regarding the nature of Sunday legisla-tion, we will here quote from the learned chief justice of the supreme court of North Carolina, who recently handed down a de-cision involving the very subject before us:  ' All Sunday legislation is the product of pagan Rome. . . . The first Sunday law, the edict of the emperor Constantine, was the product of that pagan conception developed by the Romans which made religion a part of the state. . . . It is incorrect to say that Chris-tianity is a part of the common law of the land, however it may be in England, where there is a union of church and state, which is forbidden here.' " By their vote in 1914, the people of Ore-gon spoke upon the subject of a universal eight-hour law. They said : ' We want no one to dictate to us, or limit our hours of labor.' " In 1916 the citizens of Oregon spoke again. This time they said : We want no one to tell us what day or days we must labor, and when we must rest.' The large majorities made their voice very emphatic, and that mighty voice has scarcely died away. " Will you, Mr. Chairman, and your noble colleagues in this legislature, listen to the clear, unmistakable voice of the people of Oregon? We feel confident you will." Whenever people and legislators are made intelligent upon this subject and are apprised of the dangers involved, they refuse to commit the country to further religious legislation, and fre-quently decree the State a divorcement from religious entanglements, as has been done in Oregon and California, which States have wiped all Sunday laws from their statute books by popular vote. C. S. L. tV fL SLR Is This True ? THE Pilot (Roman Catholic, Boston) says that " a good Catholic must inevit-ably be a desirable citizen. His church teaches him to render to Cxsar the things that are Cxsar's, and to God the things that are God's." But is this true ? It is not true as Protestants understand these terms. The trouble is thatŁthe Roman Catholic theory of government is that the church is su-preme in all things. Rome holds that the state should and of right ought to be subordinate to the church; that when this is not the case, the Pope has the right and power to release citizens from their obligations to civil rulers. Thus while many Roman Catholics, probably a large majority, are good citizens, they 