174 LIBERTY practical workings, but it is infinitely bet-ter than Rome even in its best days, and every right-thinking man ought to feel thankful for it. No possible good can come from such exhibitions of contempt for legitimate authority as was the New York flag burning. Better a thousand times even a defective government of law than the rule of the mob, for that is what the destruction of a government of law would mean. Rev. Bouck White is quite within his rights when he indulges such a harmless idiosyncrasy as wearing a smock. One can sympathize with him in his desire to live close to his people, but he is on indefensible and dangerous ground when he encourages flag burning by those to whom he ministers. B. Religious Lifeland the Nation THE Christian Statesman for February quotes from the " Holy Roman Empire," by James Bryce, this statement : Š " It is on the religious life that na-tions repose." " This," says the Statesman, " is a pro-found truth established by the political history and political science of the ages." And this, as the Statesman seems to think, fully establishes and justifies the contention of the National Reformers that our government must have a reli-gion; that it must be the Christian re-ligion ; that Jesus Christ must be ex-plicitly acknowledged as ruler of nations; and his law must be enthroned as of ultimate authority in all governmental af-fairs. But the statement made by Mr. Bryce is general in its terms, and is just as true of other religions and of other nations as it is of our nation and of the Chris-tian religion. If, therefore, that state-ment be taken as justification of a union of Christianity and the state in this na-tion, it affords just the same justification of the union of other religions with other states in other lands. Some of the Roman emperors who  were the best civil rulers were the worst persecutors, for exactly this reason : they regarded unity of religion as essential to the stability of the state. To them pagan-ism was the true and highest form of religion, and therefore essential in se-curing the highest good to Rome and her people. Therefore it was their duty to put down all opposing systems of wor-ship. Their logic was exactly the same as that of the modern National Re-formers. There is of course some truth in the statement quoted from Mr. Bryce. Man is a moral being, and to reach his best development must have something that appeals to his moral nature. Religion does this; therefore religion develops and brings out the best there is in man, and as in the case of civil government, even a poor religion is better than none at all, for it imposes some moral restraint and offers some incentive to the attain-ment of a certain moral standard. But does this justify the use of force in the promulgation of religion? or argue that governments must foster that re-ligion which civil rulers deem true, or most true, and repress or entirely pro-hibit what they deem to be false systems of faith and worship? To answer this question in the affirm-ative is to justify all the bloody persecu-tions of the past, whether by Protestants. papists, or even pagans. Is the States-man prepared to follow this logic to its legitimate conclusion ? If it is the duty of civil rulers to en-force religion in any degree, it follows that they can enforce only the religion they know, and only the forms of even that. If they know only paganism, they can enforce only paganism; if they know only Papacy, they can enforce only Pa-pacy; even if they know Christianity, they can enforce only the forms of Chris-tianity. The history of the world shows that true religion has reached its highest de-velopment, not when its forms were en-forced by civil statutes, but when it was 