LIBERTY 81 Hon. Robert G. Valentine, Commissioner of Indian Affairs; Rev. Chas. L. Thomp-son, president of the Home Mission Council ; Rev. Wallace Radcliffe, pastor of the New York Avenue (D. C.) Pres-byterian Church ; Wm. H. Ketcham, su-perintendent 'of the Bureau of Catholic Missions; Dr. Laws; Edgar H. Gans, of Baltimore, attorney for the Bureau of Catholic Missions; Rev. S. H. Wood-row; Rev. E. B. Sanford, secretary of the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America; H. B. F. Macfarland, attorney for the Home Mission Council ; Prof. W. W. Prescott, secretary of the Religious Liberty Association of Sev-enth-day Adventists ; S. B. Horton, 4s-sistant secretary of the last-named or-ganization ; Hyland C. Kirk, president, and John D. Bradley, secretary, of the Washington Secular League; A. T. Jones; and Attorney Scoville. The hearing was a most interesting one, and we are glad to 'be able to give in this issue a considerable portion of the logical and unanswerable argument pre-sented by Commissioner Valentine in de-fense of the order which he issued and  which the President revoked. It is well worthy of careful study. The entire matter is now before the Secretary of the Interior, who will be expected to make a ruling as to whether the order of the Indian Commissioner shall be re-issued, shall be issued in amended form, or remain revoked. We note that at this hearing the only persons who supported the revocation of the decree were Mr. Ketcham, the super-intendent of the Bureau of Catholic Mis-sions, and the Catholic attorney who spoke in the bureau's interests. Protes-tantism and Catholicism, on this issue, stood squarely opposed to each other. If on all issues where a union of church and state exists or is threatened, Prot-estantism would stand as definitely op-posed to the proposition as it did in this case, it would be vastly better for Prot-estantism, better for the country, and more difficult for the hierarchy to carry out its un-American ideals and purposes. But for Protestantism to do so, it must face squarely about on the question of religious legislation, and especially Sun- day legislation. C. M. S. The State and the Sabbath A Question Now Before the Ohio FOR some weeks there has been in ses-sion in Columbus, Ohio, a constitutional convention called to consider amend-ments to the State constitution, to be sub-mitted to the electors for adoption or rejection. Among the many proposals presented to this convention is one with the unique title " The Sabbath Shall Be a Mere Civic Regulation." We quote this proposal in full : Š The General Assembly of the State of Ohio shall never recognize by law the moral, religious, or divine character of the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, for worship or spiritual uplift; but the General Assembly shall Constitutional Convention always be actuated and guided in all its legislative work concerning the first day of the week by the idea and principle that the same is a mere civic, municipal, and police regulation and institution; and the General Assembly shall never pass or enact any law prohibiting any person who conscientiously keeps and observes any other day of the week as his or her sab-bath to do any common labor or to keep and observe in any way any other sab-bath, or any part of the same, besides the one he or she conscientiously keeps and observes as the sabbath of his or her creed. The language of this proposal is not altogether clear, and in fact is in some 