LIBERTY 43 body helps me." As I see the women going in and purchasing coca-cola, and chocolate drops with the liquor inside, and various other things, then I begin to think that the saloon-keeper was about right when he said that everybody helped him. It exists for revenue. It is a copartner-ship to ruin humanity for money. When we license the saloon, whether in the District of Columbia, or Michigan, we make it just as lawful, just as legal;  as our homes. I speak of it being for revenue. In the District of Columbia this last year the saloon-keepers paid you in revenue a half million dollars ; and on the institutions in this District, that look after the saloon's finished articles, you expended a little over five million dollars. So you see how it helps you in revenue to support these two hundred saloons. Shall we prohibit such an institution that we have rapidly scanned? If we had a nest of rattlesnakes in our yard, that, per-chance, were going to destroy the little boy that toddled out from the home, would we hesitate whether we prohibit it or license it? or take off one rattle, or license one snake? So if there is one saloon, it seems to me that the one thought should be for the least of the little ones here on earth; and nothing short of prohibition ought to satisfy us. Is it possible to prohibit? It seems to be an easy matter with some of the States of the South. Is it effectual? Š Yes; we have no law in this country that prohibits as well as the liquor law prohibits the liq-uor traffic. In this country we have laws against theft; but I have been warned since coming to Washington to look out for my money. So evidently the law does not al-together prohibit crime. Does the liquor law in Maine, Kansas, California, Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia, act effectually? Let me give you some facts. I was in Portland, Maine, for a two weeks' visit; I rode its streets, I walked its avenues. I was up at five in the morning, and to bed at eleven at night. I found no evidence of the use of liquor in the early morning hours; and because I heard from certain men who have never visited Portland that it might be used in the night, I tried the eleven o'clock hour for one week, steady. I never once de-tected a man or a woman who had the odor  of liquor about them; but I well recall to-day moving my seat in the street-car away from a man who had the odor of liquor so strong that I did not care to sit next to him. In 1885 Maine was known as the poorest and most broken State in this country. Now in Maine, with a population of only 694,000, they have over !tg ,....4,349,000 in the savings-banks. Compare that with Illinois, which has nearly seven times the population, and whose deposits are $194,668,858. They have in Maine thirty million dollars more in their savings-banks (and more savings-banks as well), than has the rich, manu-facturing State of Ohio,Š that State which has six times as many people. In Maine there are more newspapers taken in proportion to the population than any other State in the country; and more school-teachers (in spite of the fact that they have no revenue from the liquor traffic), in proportion to the school popu-lation, and more in proportion to every thousand of the population, than any other State in this country. Over in Kansas recently, well do I re-member how I sped through that State, in which the governor said that two hun-dred thousand boys have grown up since he had first known of them, and they have never seen a single saloon or witnessed an intoxicated person. Would to God that that could be said of Washington! Would to our Heavenly Father that in Michigan the boys about me could say, " I have never seen a saloon." Kansas has one hundred and five coun-ties, and out of those only twenty-one have such a thing as a pauper, and only twenty-five have such a thing as a poor farm. I am told that ninety per cent of your pau-pers are made so because .of the legalized liquor traffic. Thirty-seven counties have no such thing as a criminal docket. I know of certain men in that State who some years ago discussed the august prob-lem of how they could enlarge their jail ; since then they met and discussed what they can do with their jail, for the doors swing back and forth on rusty hinges ever since. Last year I spent in southern California, visiting such cities as Redlands, Pasadena, Long Beach, and the principal seaside cities, and in all of them the saloon is out-lawed for five years. The saloon has 