LIBERTY 73 Mr. F. W. Stray, secretary of the New England Religious Liberty Association, who declared that the controversy be-tween those advocating and opposing these bills and the religious prejudices involved ought to be " sufficient evidence that such legislation as that proposed would be very dangerous to our free in-stitutions." The attempt to pass such legislation as that contained in the bills under consid-eration is one of the most direct attacks ever made upon the constitutionally guar-anteed freedom of the American people. Its dangers were well emphasized by  those who opposed the measures, but none too strongly emphasized. The fact that it was made by the members of one particular church and in the interests of that church, makes it the more easy to rally the friends of freedom against it. Would that these defenders of the free-dom of the press and of the liberties en-dangered by such legislation might be just as active and consistent to defend freedom of religion when that is threat-ened by the enactment of laws enforcing a religious ordinance such as the com-pulsory Sunday sabbath, Good Friday, and other church obligations. c. M. s. IV stE Governmental Appropriations to Sectarian Schools IT will doubtless surprise the readers of this magazine to learn that, notwith-standing the agitation of nineteen years ago, and the decision then reached by  invitation was accepted by practically all the leading denominations, and presently quite a number of schools were in suc-cessful operation, supported from church Copyright Underwood & Underwood, New York HUNTERS or MEN IN THE EUROPEAN WAR Congress to discontinue at once and for-ever the un-American practice of making appropriations for the support of secta-rian institutions, certain Roman Catholic Indian mission schools have all these years been receiving large sums from the government. In 1869, President Grant invited the churches of this country to establish mis-sion schools among the Indians. This  funds the same as other missions are supported. It was not long, however, until the churches in turn invited the government to assist in financing these schools, with the result that by 1896 the several sums paid out annually by the government for the support of sectarian Indian educa-tion, aggregated more than half a mil-lion dollars, of which the Roman Cath- 