208 LIBERTY that religion is the salvation of the souls of men. And the church should confine itself to this work of preaching the gospel. Proper Sphere of the State The proper sphere of the state lies within the realm of justice, that realm which covers the relations of men with their fellow men. The true purpose of  and perhaps hopelessly in the minority. The primary purpose of the state Š of civil government Š is made wonderfully clear in the Declaration of Independence, in the words, " That to secure these rights [life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness] governments are instituted among men." A further purpose of the state is to protect all in the exercise of the rights Copyright by Underwood & Underwood, New York AMERICAN AND MEXICAN JOINT COMMISSION The first one on the left in the front row is John R. Mott, to whose appointment the Catholic press of the country takes exception because of his past activity in agitating for Protestant missions in Roman Catholic countries. civil government may be seen by con-sidering what conditions would prevail if civil government did not exist. The strong would oppress the weak. The weak would have as much right as the strong to life, liberty, property, and hap-piness, but, being weak, they would be unable to secure to themselves these rights. They would be deprived of their rights by the strong. Without the re-straining hand of civil government an-archy would prevail. The state, therefore, is organized to secure for all their rights. It should pro-tect the majority in their rights; it should protect the minority in their rights; it should protect one lone man in his rights. In fact, its special purpose is to secure for the minority and the weak their rights, rights which they could not secure for themselves because of being weak  which the state has secured for them. The object of civil law is to protect life, liberty, limb, and property, and to re-strain evil-doers from violating these rights. In short, civil law regulates all civil affairs for the purpose of conserv-ing human rights, not to enforce religious duties. And another purpose of the state is, therefore, to punish the violation of hu-man rights, to punish incivility and crime. It is not the purpose of the state to make any one good. Its office is to re-strain evil deeds, and if unable to restrain and prevent, to punish them. The church operates in the realm of man's relation to his God; but the state in the realm of man's relation to his fel-low men. The moment a government attempts to regulate human conduct with reference 