8 LIBERTY and protect him in those rights. That is the work of the majority. Legislatures can not create rights. The just province, the just limits of legislators, of lawmakers, is to discover what are the rights of the individual, and to protect him in those rights. That there are certain limits to civil gov-ernment is clearly taught by one sentence, a notable one, uttered by our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. It is this: " Render therefore unto Cesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." This clearly states that there are certain things' that are God's, and certain things that are Qesar's. The things of Caesar are delegated unto him by God. They are given him by God. The apostle Paul clearly states that Caesar, and all that he stands for, is ordained of God, pro-vided always that he stands for that which God gave him the right to stand for. Now, government has no right to enter upon and possess the things of God. Peter emphasized that thought clearly when he said, " We ought to obey God rather than men." The law of God is the supreme law of the universe, and the just province of gov-ernment is included within that law. That is to say, the man who obeys, in the full, the law of God, is a good citizen; he ful-fils, on the whole, the requirements of the government of God and of civil govern-ment, provided the civil government is act-ing within its just capacity or sphere. This is clearly illustrated by the expe-riences of some of the worthies of olden time, notably Daniel and his three fellows. You remember that Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, made a great image, and issued a proclamation that all nations, tongues, and peoples should bow down before that image. But there were three Hebrews who said, We will not do it, because in that proclamation this king has stepped over into a province that is not his own ; he has exceeded the just limits of his authority. And the God of heaven witnessed to the righteousness of their position. Daniel himself, when he was told that it was proclaimed by law that he should not make any petition of any god or man save the king, proceeded forthwith to ex-ercise his God-given right to render unto God the things that were God's. He made his petition to God as he had done afore- time, and the God of heaven defended him, and proclaimed by that defense that King Darius had exceeded his authority. Our government was established upon this grand principle of requiring men to render unto Caesar only the things that are Caesar's, and leaving them free to render unto God the things which are God's, ac-cording to the dictates of their own con-sciences. We find this fact brought out very clearly in the First Amendment to the Constitution, which declares that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." And why not? Š Be-cause it was recognized that it was not within the province of civil government to do so. There is no government under heaven, nor has there ever been a govern-ment under heaven, that more nearly ap-proximated the divine ideal of civil govern-ment than our own. The right to worship God according to the dictates of one's con-science is clearly given in the Constitution. But it would be man's right just the same if it were not so provided in the Constitu-tion, for the principle is everlastingly true that lawmakers do not have the power of making rights, or the right to control men by law in religious things. There are many mutterings, and some are more than mere mutterings, which tell us that our government is beginning to step over into territory that is' outside of the just limits of civil government. There is a move on foot in certain quar-ters to invade the sacred rights of con-science. Against this we raise a note of warning. To all the world we declare that every man has everlastingly given to him the right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. We meet here to-day to reaffirm this grand principle ; and so long as we live, may we ever affirm it and reaffirm it. Rights do not clash. Rights are equal and inalienable. I do not have rights which you do not have, nor you that I do not have. We should all stand upon an equality before the law, and civil law should not direct nor dictate in matters of religion. This is the grand principle clearly enunciated by Jesus Christ, and reaffirmed by our government; and let us ever cherish and maintain it. Let the government once step over into this territory which is not its own, and just so surely, sooner or later, it will deprive 