140 LIBERTY John 8: 23. And this is just the relation his church must hold to the world. In his last prayer for his followers, and for all who should become his followers, he said, " I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil. They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. . . . As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world." John 17: 15-18. Christ was in this world, but he was not of it; and this must be true of his church. This means not only a separation from sin,, but that the church as a church shall be separate from the state as a state. The whole life of Christ on earth teaches this. He was a great man, the wisest, the noblest, the best the world has ever seen. He was God. When on earth, he was in a province, a world, of his own. He had made it. His knowl-edge of men and their natural rights and the duties they owe to one another, was absolute. He possessed every qualifica-tion for a great politician, judge, and civil ruler. Had Christ intended that his ministers and his church should unite with the body politic in the management of civil affairs, he surely would have set the ex-ample ; but during his whole ministry he kept religion and civil matters entirely separate. On one occasion a man who had evidently been impressed with his infinite wisdom, asked him to adjust a civil matter for him. But Christ said, " Man, who made me a judge or a di-vider over you? " Luke 12 : 14. He re-fused to bring such matters within the domain of religion. To Pilate he de-clared that his kingdom was not of this world. John 18 : 36. And when Peter used his sword to defend his inno-cent Master, Christ reproved him, and wrought a miracle to heal the wound that Peter had inflicted. These incidents in the life of Christ speak volumes on the question of church and state rela-tionship. They teach absolute separa-tion. WaskinVon. P. C. The Forces of Evil DUDLEY C. NEWBOLD THE forces of evil are awakened. They are preparing for a great conflict. Saloon keepers, brewers, corrupt politi-cians, murderers, criminals, and tramps are enlisting in their ranks. The white standard they are carrying has on it in letters of gold these words, " In de-fense of liberty, we fight." What! is liberty endangered,Š that blood- bought possession, that for which our fathers laid down their lives on fields of battle that their posterity might enjoy it, that which is so dear to the heart of every noble man and woman? Is liberty threatened ? Liberty is an em-blem of heaven ; it is the foundation stone of this grand republic. Are these men fighting for liberty ? Š Ah, no ! They have taken a heavenly standard to hide the wretchedness of their purpose. Their leader himself is an archdeceiver, and appears " as an angel of light." It is not surprising that his servants use the same tactics. It is not liberty, it is license these men want,Š license to destroy homes, to put a blight on innocent children, to corrupt womanhood; license to fill our jails, asy-lums, and almshouses ; license to destroy men's minds and bodies. Liberty and license are not the same thing. Liberty does not mean that one can do what he pleases regardless of another's welfare. Liberty is freedom to do that which is not unjust to others. The equal rights of our fellow men as well as our own rights must be taken into account. It is no infringement on the personal liberty of a man to prohibit him from selling intoxicants which transform humans into demons capable of doing the most atro-cious acts. It is no violation of the prin-ciple of liberty on the part of the gov-ernment to prohibit lepers from walk-ing at large. No; public health demands it. It is not an infringement on your personal liberty to prohibit you from setting your house on fire. " But," you might argue, " this house is mine ; can 