18 LIBERTY hindrance. Yet, though all this is true, it would be very erroneous to draw the conclusion that in America is to be sought the type of the most desirable status of the church, or that it would be universally lawful or expedient for state and church to be, as in America, dissev-ered and divorced. The fact that Catho-licity with you is in good condition, nay, is even enjoying a prosperous growth, is by all means to be attributed to the fec-undity with which God has endowed his church, in virtue of which, unless men or circumstances interfere, she sponta-neously expands and propagates herself ; but she would bring forth more abun-dant fruits if, in addition to liberty, she enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority. It is plain therefore that the Pope would prefer to see such a union of church and state in this country as would give to the Roman Catholic Church the active support of the gov-ernment, and every one of his represent-atives is in duty bound to do what he can to bring about this result. Yet in the face of all this it has been asserted again and again, and with much warmth, by representatives of the Cath-olic Church that the sovereignty of the Pope extends only to spiritual matters, and that Roman Catholics in this coun-try are absolutely free from domina-tion in political matters, and can vote just as they please. We have known that this could not be true, unless there was a complete repu-diation of papal principles, and we have noted from time to time instances where members of the hierarchy have in-structed the faithful as to their political actions ; but we are now prepared to present to our readers most startling proof that the Pope of Rome requires every Roman Catholic in America to sacrifice his political principles at the command of the hierarchy. The facts follow. In June, 1912, Mr. Thomas J. Carey of Palestine, Tex., wrote to Archbishop  Bonzano, the apostolic delegate at Wash-ington, D. C., asking the direct question whether he as a Catholic must surrender his political freedom to the church. The answer was as direct and as plain as the question. But the letters will speak for themselves : Š PALESTINE, TEX., June IO, 1912. Papal Legation, Washington, D. C., Archbishop Bonzano. YOUR GRACE : In reply to letter above quoted, I regret to say that I have made two sincere attempts to comply with the instructions therein contained, but was ignored. I will not make any further effort, now, until I know once and for all Š Must I as a Catholic, surrender my political freedom to the church? I am ready to surrender my life, if necessary, for the faith that is in me, but not my political freedom; and by this I mean the right to vote for the Demo-cratic, Socialist, or Republican parties when and where I please. The religious future of myself, wife, and family de-pends greatly upon your answer, which after all, are the most important things of all. Therefore I hope you, as special representative of the Pope, will answer, and not ignore me as others have done. Yours in Christ, THOMAS J. CAREY. [I hereby certify to this letter being a true copy of original letter, sent by me to Arch- bishop John Bonzano. THOMAS J. CAREY. Denson Springs, Tex., Oct. 21, 1912.] APOSTOLIC DELEGATION. No. II, 13o-D, WASHINGTON, June 16, '12. T. J. Carey, Palestine, Tex. DEAR SIR : In your letter to me dated June 1o, you say that the religious ture of yourself, your wife and children are the most serious and important things of all. Now you must remember that if the Catholic Church condemns doctrines that are pernicious to the good of the faithful, she does it only in order to defend and protect the religion of her children. Hence you should submit to the decisions of the church even e the 