i...m.o.o.Ł=4;.ŁŁŁnŁŁŁnswn.....Ł.....o..ﬂ..ow..moo..14mwsmowo.stwewrassnas. MM.!!! ,1ﬂ1.M.r Abridging the Freedom of Speech and of the Press INŁ611111.114111111111.1.M.I,i. L. L. CAVINESS WE have fallen upon perilous times. The liberties guaranteed by the very First Amendment to the Constitution are be-ing threatened as never before in the history of this country. There is great need of the propaganda for free speech and free press, for which this magazine has long been contending. The Haverhill Riot The last few years have produced many instances of interference with free speech. Of these, that which took place recently at Haverhill, Mass., is a most striking example. A lecturer, Thomas E. Leyden, had applied for the use of the city hall in order to discuss the question of the appropriation of public money for maintaining parochial schools. After the mayor of the city had refused his con-sent for this use of the hall, some of the members of the Ministerial Association of the town took up the matter and en-tered a protest. An appeal was taken to the city council. As a result the action of the mayor was overruled, and Mr. Leyden was granted the use of the hall. The first lecture aroused considerable antagonism, and the meeting broke up in disorder; but the lecturer announced his intention to speak again on the same subject. On the night appointed for the second lecture, a mob of eight or ten thousand persons surrounded the city hall, and it was evident that the lecturer would be in danger of personal violence. When the police were unable to control the mob, the State militia responded to a call and promptly pushed the crowd  back at the point of the bayonet. During the struggle, the building was showered with stones, and many windows were broken. When the mob heard that Mr. Leyden had returned to his rooming-house, they went there with the purpose of wrecking the building. They were assured that he was not there. They then visited the house of one of the aldermen who favored the opening of the city hall to the lecturer, again throwing stones. They did the same at the home of a den-tist who was a local supporter of the lecturer. Mr. Leyden meanwhile was under guard in the aldermen's room, in the city hall, until the police were able to get him away in safety. A Directed Mob A striking feature in the incident was the evidence of a strong directing, con-trolling spirit in the mob. Regarding this, Rev. J. Franklin Babb, in the Boston Journal of April 5, wrote: Š " The work of the mob was not that of a disunited body, each individual following the dictates of his own mind. For example, each of the four exits from the hall was guarded by a detail of men who obeyed the commands of a leader, with almost military precision. The gangs that marched up to the residential district here and hurled stones, bricks, and pieces of coal through the windows of the houses of myself and Mr. van der Pyl, as well as of Alderman Hoyt and Dr. Herbert E. Wales, were organized and under definite leaders. " Furthermore, I know positively that a party of iso members of the Lawrence Council of the Knights of Columbus came to this city last night and took a prominent part in the rioting." Abraham Lincoln said that those who are at work throttling the inalienable rights of man under the pretense of curing a supposed evil, are " the vanguard, the miners, and sappers of returning despotism. We must repulse them, or they will subjugate us." Š Lincoln's Speeches." 116 