16 LIBERTY A Man of Character THE following report from Chicago ap-peared in the Washington Times of Jan. 19, 1907:Š "There is a drug-store that is being suc-cessfully conducted by a man who is guided in all things by the question, What would Jesus do ? 'Š in other words, on the prin-ciples set forth by the Rev. Charles M. Sheldon, of Topeka, Kan., in his book, In His Steps; or, What Would Jesus Do ? ' The owner is Oliver T. Freeman, and the store is at 1127 Sheffield Avenue. At first he found the road rough, but to-day he has passed the experimental stage, and has a paying business. " Cigars and tobacco can not be pur-chased in Mr. Freeman's store at any price. They are not in the stock. Nothing can be purchased on the Sabbath except prescrip-tions that are absolutely necessary. Not even a cough drop or a stick of gum is sold on the Sabbath, and telephone service is not permitted on that day, except to call physicians in urgent cases. " In each of the display windows a sign is strung each Sunday, which reads, ' Re-member the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Nothing but necessary articles sold on Sun-day.' And that rule is rigidly enforced by Mr. Freeman. " Mr. Freeman has followed this prin-ciple for years, and he is emphatic in the declaration that it pays. Although his store is almost in the extreme northern part of the city, he enjoys a prosperous business. " Yes, the application of Christian ideas to one's business is a good thing,' said Mr. Freeman. Christianity is a good thing at all times and in all places, business in-cluded. It is a good thing for nature, and it is a good thing for the citizens. " I let the Bible govern my business, my family, and all my affairs, and I assure you it governs very well, indeed. For years I have conducted my business as I believed Jesus would have it conducted. " My store is closed on the Sabbath to all business except the filling of absolutely necessary prescriptions. I do not sell to-bacco in any form. " I must confess that I found it difficult to bring my ideas into practical use at first. I have lost many customers because I have steadily refused to be swayed. " However, the gain over the losses was such that the business slowly grew,  until ten clerks are kept busy. Some cus-tomers insisted cn being served with cigars, and left angrily on learning that I kept no tobacco on sale. Others insisted on buying unnecessary articles on the Sabbath ; but I stuck steadily to my resolutions. " I came to Chicago in 1891 penniless and almost friendless. My brother lent me two thousand dollars, and with that capital I started in business where I am now lo-cated. My business has been confined to this particular locality all these years. Al-most all my patronage comes from regular customers, who agree with me in my views. I am a member of the Methodist Church.' " Here is a man who needs no Sunday law to compel him to do what he believes to be right. Making a Constitution H. E. GIDDINGS IN June, 1906, the United States Con-gress authorized the Indian and Oklahoma Territories to form a State, and pursuant to this an election of delegates was held, and a convention called for the adoption of a constitution for the new State of Oklahoma. The National Reform and Church Federa-tion movements were early in the field to secure provisions in the constitution in harmony with their ideas of the religious functions of government. The friends of religious liberty protested against these ef-forts, in the following petition : Š " To the Honorable, the Chairman and members of the Oklahoma Constitutional Convention assembled: " We, the undersigned adult residents of believing that the church and the state should be kept entirely and forever sepa-rate; that religious legislation is subversive of good government, contrary to the prin-ciples of sound religion, and can result only in religious persecution and political cor-ruption, hereby humbly, but most earnestly, petition your honorable body to safeguard the future well-being of the great common-wealth of Oklahoma : Š " First, by omitting from both the pre-amble and body of the constitution any religious declaration or recognition which might be taken as a basis for religious legislation. " Second, by a clearly stated prohibition, similar to the First Amendment to the 