LIBERTY 197 documents, and records, and to examine wit-nesses under oath ; that said committee shall have power to sit anywhere that it may deem Ł necessary to secure all the facts to complete its inquiry, and shall report the testimony to Congress." Here is Rome's opportunity for vindi-cation. Several years ago the Knights of Columbus, a secret organization com-posed wholly of Roman Catholics, ap-pointed a " Committee on Religious Prejudice," and provided a fund of $50,-000 to enable it to carry on its work of ascertaining the causes of the increasing  be members. If they are true, the Amer-ican people are entitled to know it, and to be furnished with an authoritative, official statement of the facts, and of the evidence by which the facts are sup-ported. It would seem that a committee appointed by Congress would be in a much better position to learn the facts than a committee appointed by any par-tisan body, and that the report. of such a committee would command much more widespread confidence than would be in-spired by any possible report from any CARDINALS FARLEY, GIBBONS, AND O'CONNELL, AMERICAN " INVISIBLE RULERS " AND " PRINCES OF THE BLOOD " religious antagonism that exists in this country. But it must be manifest to every one that such a question ought to be investi-gated by a committee as nearly neutral as possible as between Catholics and Protestants. It would seem that Mr. Lindbergh's resolution, if adopted, might result in an investigation of the whole matter by a committee which, if not wholly neutral, would be fairly repre-sentative of the several shades of opinion touching this question. If the charges recited in Mr. Lind-bergh's resolution are not true, Roman Catholics ought to be thankful for an opportunity to disprove them before a Congressional committee, of which some at least of their own men would certainly  religious or semireligious order or party, whether Catholic or Protestant. The American people are fair-minded, and would certainly welcome a truthful state-ment supported by evidence, even though it were to show them to have been in the wrong. To us it seems that all parties should welcome the proposed investiga-tion. The fact is somewhat ominous, how-.  ever, that only five days after Mr. Lind-bergh's resolution was introduced, it was impossible to secure a copy of it, even from the author of the measure, though there were eight hundred copies printed. tV THE golden rule forbids all religious legislation. 