LIBERTY 21 The King's OathŠ and Some Others SINCE the year 1688 the rulers of England have been required by the laws of the realm to take an oath which has been very displeasing to all members of the Catholic Church, from Pope to lay-men. In the firm belief of the people of England, just such an oath as that which their kings and queens have been taking, seemed absolutely necessary, in order to prevent the possibility of the English Church ever coming under the dominance of the Pope of Rome. Every sentence in that oath is based upon ac-tual experience. Had the history of the Catholic Church and its machinations in the world been different, no such oath ever would have been drawn up for the sovereigns of England. The following is the portion of the oath which is espe-cially obnoxious to Catholics : Š I, George, do solemnly and sincerely and in the presence of God, profess, tes-tify, and declare that I do believe that in the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper there is not any transubstantiation of the elements of bread and wine into the body and blood of Christ at or after the consecration thereof by any person what-soever, and that the invocation or adora-tion of the Virgin Mary or any other saint or the Sacrifice of the Mass as they are now used in the Church of Rome are superstitious and idolatrous, and I do solemnly, in the presence of God, profess, testify, and declare that I do make this declaration and every part thereof in the plain and ordinary sense of the words read unto me as they are commonly understood by English Protestants, without any evasion, equiv-ocation, or mental reservation whatso-ever, and without any dispensation al-ready granted me for this purpose by the Pope or any other authority or person whatsoever, and without any hope of any such dispensation from any person what-soever, and without thinking that I am or can be acquitted before God or man of any part thereof, although the Pope or any other person or persons or power  whatsoever should dispense with or annul the same or declare that it was null and void from the beginning. There was much controversy over the matter of the king's oath before King Edward was seated upon the throne of England. And before his funeral cer-emony had been performed, the discus-sion was opened again by the Catholic Irish nationalists, who are now demand-ing that the king's oath shall be altered so as not to harrow the feelings of his Catholic subjects. It is understood that the new king sympathizes with this de-mand, and the fact that there is a strong probability that the oath will be altered to suit the Catholics, is stirring up meet-ings of protest throughout England. Those who stand for the oath as it now reads see in it a shield to protect England from a Catholic king, and therefore from the dominance of the Pope of Rome, who claims sovereignty over the nations of the world and the rulers of the world. In England, church and state are united, and the king of England is head of the state church as well as of the state itself. The king's oath in its pres-ent form makes it impossible for a Roman Catholic ever to become king of England, and so head of the Church of England, without stultifying and per-juring himself. He must declare that he makes these declarations without mental reservations or any dispensation granted by the Pope for that purpose. These statements are inserted in the oath because of the dispensations which the church grants to those working in her interests in all parts of the world. For instance, in the oath taken by the Jesuits, it is plainly declared that they are permitted to assume any heretical religion if thereby they may advance the interests of the mother church; and while assuming this heretical religion, it is understood that they are still Cath- 