106  LIBERTY spirit of intolerance and persecution. Even so great a reformer as Martin Luther could see this great truth of the equality of soul liberty only when his own soul was oppressed. In the early years of his Reformation work, when he was opposed on every hand, he said : " No one can command or ought to command the soul except God, who alone can show it the way to heaven. It is futile and impossible to command, or by force to compel any man's be-lief. Heresy is a spiritual thing, which no iron can hew down, no fire burn, no water drown. . . . Whenever the temporal power presumes to legislate for the soul, it encroaches." But when Luther was successful, and he had his opponents at his mercy, he turned his back upon this gracious and noble utterance, and compromised with error and force. Thus he robbed his name and cause of the splendor a n d glory of a complete triumph in the Refor-mation. He espoused a state religion, and in after-years he wrote differently : " Since it is not good that in one parish the people should be exposed to contradictory preach-ing, he (the magistrate) should order to be silent whatever does not consist with the Scriptures." Thus Luther simply changed the civil magistrate from a Catholic to a Prot-estant tyrant, to suppress what he would condemn in place of what the Pope would condemn. Most of us, if we had the power, would make fairly good popes. The only thing that will hinder the best of us Christians from exercising such ar- bitrary power and authority over those who dissent from us, is a law that forbids the use of force in religion. Otherwise men will smite and kill one another, thinking that.  they are doing " God serv-ice." Likewise John Calvin believed in reli-gious liberty, but only for himself and the people of his own faith. He said : " Godly princes may lawfully issue edicts for compelling obstinate and rebellious persons to  worship the true God, and to maintain the unity of the faith." There was not a creed formulated by any Protestant Reformer prior to Roger Williams, which explicitly challenged the right of civil power in religious concerns. As soon as Roger Williams set foot upon American soil, he found himself in con-flict with the highest civil and religious authorities. He could not endure to see his brethren oppressed for conscience' sake. He protested when the civil magia. trate meddled with religious obligations. He wanted America to be the home of the free and an asylum for the oppressed of Europe. When he himself was driven from Massachusetts, he founded such a republic in miniature, and it has now grown into a giant. " The divers new and dangerous opinions " for which Roger Williams was banished by the Puri-tan commonwealth have become the chief corner-stone of the great American Re-public. Impartial historians accord him the honor and rank of " the first great American," " the first great Republican," and " the American apostle of soul lib-erty." Sweetener of hut and hall, Bringer of life out of naught; Freedom, 0 fairest of all The daughters of time and of thought. Ñ Dr. Eliot. .  \ 11/4\11,\ One of the landmarks in Kingston, Mass., just out of Plymouth, is the Bradford House, built by the famous Bradford family in 1675. 