LIBERTY 7 Editorial Our Position WE are Christians. We believe in the Bible as the infallible Word of God, a suffi- cient rule of faith and practise. We are Protestants. We protest against the intru-sion of the civil magistrate in matters of faith. Because we are Christians and Protestants we are uncompromisingly op-posed to all efforts to subordinate the state to the church or the church to the state. We believe that God ordained both the church and the state, but that their spheres of action are entirely distinct. This prin-ciple was recognized by Jesus Christ when he said, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things that are Cxsar's; and unto God the things that are God's." We have no sympathy with the views of infidels or atheists, and we are not in league with any enemies of Christianity, Our opposition to the misguided efforts of those who are seeking to reform the world by constitutional amendments and religious legislation is based upon our belief in Christianity and our desire for the prosper-ity of both the church and the state. We are profoundly impressed with the con-viction that no greater misfortune could happen to the cause of Christ in the earth than that its professed representatives should seek an alliance with the state, or should seek to establish Christian usages upon a legal basis in the constitution and the laws of the land. We are equally sure that when the state yields to the demands of such a mistaken zeal in behalf of Chris-tianity, and attempts to extend its sphere of control into the field of religion, it enters upon the path which will lead to internal disorder and ultimate downfall. In the interest of a church free from hypocrisy, and a state free from corrup-tion, we shall oppose very effort to commit the government, either state or national, to religious legislation of any kind under what-ever pretext, and we invite all who are in sympathy with our position to unite with  us in this opposition. We regard this as a true service to be rendered to the cause of genuine Christianity.  Why We Oppose Sunday - Legislation BECAUSE we oppose Sunday legislation let no one get the idea that we are opposed to the Sabbath or to Sabbath keeping. We are not. On the contrary we most firmly believe in the Sabbath and in Sabbath keep-ing. We believe that the Sabbath is not only of divine appointment and one of the oldest institutions in the world, but that it is one of the greatest boons ever given to man. Coeval with man, it has come down from creation as the great memorial of him who created heaven and earth in six days and rested on the seventh. If the Sabbath then ordained and given to man had always been observed, there never would have been, there never could have been, an ag-nostic, an infidel, an atheist, or an idolater in all the world; for through it and its ob-servance, all, from the least to the greatest, would have known the true and living God. The original Sabbath was ordained to be a great connecting-link between earth and heaven, that man might not forget his Maker. While, when rightly observed, there are, as a natural and necessary consequence, physical, intellectual, social, and other ben-efits derived from it, its great purpose is religious. It is to be kept " holy," and its observance is to be rendered to God, for it is " the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." The keeping of the Sabbath, therefore, is a re-ligious act. But the Scriptures say that " he that cometh to God must believe that he is; " that "God is a Spirit; and they that wor-ship him must worship him in Spirit and in truth." But no amount of legislation or compulsion can make men believe in God, or worship him in spirit and in truth. All religious legislation, therefore, is out of place. Moreover, the Scriptures say that " whatsoever is not of faith is sin." For men, therefore, to attempt to compel their 