LIBERTY  13 ord of real religious liberty by government or people (except in the dominion of The-odoric the Goth) toward those holding dif-ferences of religious belief until after the Reformation, only as the true followers of Christ exercised it toward those who dif-fered from them. It is true that the fires of persecution were allowed to cool at times, but only to be renewed later with the same cruel malignity. Rome and Religious Liberty When Christianity had succeeded in winning converts from heathenism and  reign of Decius, 249-251. But during this time persecution was going on continually in some part of the Roman empire. Dur-ing the reign of Trajan, A. D. 98-117, there seems to have been a lightening of the skies for the Christians, so far as the emperor himself was concerned. In his instructions to Pliny the Younger, governor of Bithynia, Trajan said: " These people are not to be sought for; but if they be accused and con-victed, they are to be punished." This is the law which he was to enforce: " No man shall have for himself particular gods of RUINS OF THE COLOSSEUM AT ROME, WHERE MANY CHRISTIANS SUFFERED MARTYRDOM Judaism alike to such an extent as to at- ' tract the attention of the Roman govern-ment and be recognized as a new religion, apart from the religion of the Jews, the heavy hand of Roman law fell upon it in an attempt to crush it out. The bloody work of Nero (A. D. 64) is familiar to all, carried on in part to'please the populace, and in part to turn away their anger from himself; but all made possible because it was in harmony with the cruel intent of the laws of the time. According to Milman there was a modified form of religious toleration in the city of Rome from the time of Nero's no-torious slaughter of the Christians until the  his own; no man shall worship by himself any new or foreign gods, unless they are recognized by the public laws."Ñ Cicero. Trajan was not desirous of persecuting the Christians; but there stood the estab-lished Roman law, and when any were accused' of its violation and convicted, he must instruct that the punishment provided for such violation be carried out. This the emperor did, coupling with his instruction the advice not to seek for or encourage accusation against them. This instruction may be regarded as discouraging rather than encouraging religious persecution,Ñas a faint glimmering of religious liberty : 