TEMPERANCE I - Federal Prohibition Legislation S. B. HORTON FEDERAL prohibition is now the watch-word of the temperance legions engaged in the important work of eradicating the great national destroyer Ñ alcohol. Wednesday, Dec. to, 1913, is a day long to be remembered by the people of Wash-ington, and especially by the members of Congress and others interested in Congressional matters. In accordance with the plans of the National Temperance Convention, held in Columbus, Ohio, in November, a com-mittee of one thousand Anti-Saloon League men, augmented by two thou-sand or more representatives from the W. C. T. U., and from the different churches of Washington, organized a parade and marched to the Capitol for the purpose of presenting to both houses of Congress petitions asking for the passage of a joint resolution in favor of amending the Constitution of the Uni-ted States, providing for national pro-hibition. The temperance forces were met at the east portico of the Capitol by Senator Sheppard, of Texas, and Representative Hobson, of Alabama, who were handed petitions by the spokes-man of the forces, Dr. Purley A. Baker, president of the National Anti-Saloon League. Speeches were made by Ernest W. Cherrington, of Ohio, editor of the American Issue; ex-Gov. M. R. Patter-son, of Tennessee ; Mrs. L. M. N. Stev-ens, national president of the W. C. T. U.; Mrs. Ella A. Boole, president of the New York W. C. T. U.; Mrs. Mary Harris Armor, of Georgia, a popular W. C. T. U. lecturer; Senator Sheppard; and Representative Hobson. Among other things, Mr. Cherrington said : Ñ " The gentlemen composing this com-mittee, gathered from every State of the Union, are here in no spirit of bombast or parade, but on serious business. They are not fanatics who have narrowed SENATOR SHEPPARD their thought and vision to a single prop-aganda, but thoughtful, patriotic men who realize that there is more than one question before the public and more than one problem for society to solve." He referred to the fact that absolute prohibition has been adopted by the States of Maine, Kansas, North Dakota, Georgia, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Mississippi, Tennessee, and West Vir-ginia, having an aggregate population of 14,685,961 ; and that thirty-one other States have by law prohibited the sale of intoxicating liquors in certain classes of 42 