LIBERTY 7 Turkey's End Foretold In a most impressive way the angel told Daniel how the Turkish Empire was to rush madly into the last struggle for its existence, but would go down in the final crash of the nations, at the great battle of Armageddon. Could words be more strikingly modern than these? " Tidings out of the east and out of the north shall trouble him: therefore he shall go forth with great fury to destroy, and utterly to make away many. And  be found written in the book. And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlast-ing life, and some to shame and everlast-ing contempt." Dan. 11:44,45; I2: I, 2. The Turk's Help Was to Fail The prophecy implies that Turkey will come to an end finally because " none shall help him." This plainly suggests that formerly Turkey had been helped by other powers when that country was threatened with destruction. For more Copyright Underwood & Underwood, New York TURKISH FORTIFICATIONS GUARDING THE BOSPORUS he shall plant the tabernacles of his pal-ace [the sultan's seat of government at Constantinople] between the seas in the glorious holy mountain [at Jerusalem on the temple site] ; yet he shall come to his end, and none shall help him. And at that time shall Michael [Christ] stand up, the great Prince which standeth for the children of thy people : and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time : and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall  than a century Turkey has been helped, that the balance of power might be main-tained in Europe. The great nations in Europe by means of shifting diplomacy have kept the Turkish Empire from be-ing dismembered in many threatening wars, lest it should involve the whole world in a most calamitous disaster. What philosophers, diplomats, and rul-ers have endeavored to avoid, the proph-ecy declared would surely come Š" a time of trouble. such as never was since there was a nation." Yea, " he shall 