LIBERTY 93 Friendly Advice THE editor of the New World (Cath-olic), in his issue of Dec. 16, 1911, gives the following friendly advice to the mag-azine LIBERTY : Š LIBERTY, " a magazine of religious freedom," is shaking in its shoes, says the Catholic Sun, because, as it alleges, the Pope has given the order to make America Catholic. Just to put LIBERTY on guard, we beg to state that the first step in the making will be the election of one of the American cardinals to the Papacy, the removal of St. Peter's to Washington. Cardinal Gibbons is to be made president, and every non-Catholic will be driven out of the army and navy. Better get a steel suit, Brother LIBERTY, or we'll get you, sure. The above, which is intended to be humorous, spoils itself for a joke by run-ning so close to Rome's real purpose, and by indicating so vividly the result of her success. An American cardinal may never be Pope, but that is not neces-sary ; an Italian Pope, through the mach-inations of the hierarchy and the truck-ling of American politicians, can accom-plish just as much. An American car-dinal may never be president, but that is not essential ; an American layman with an aspiration for the presidency might through fear of a loss of Catholic votes, promise more favors to the Catho-lic Church than an American cardinal would have the face to ask. It is doubt-ful if St. Peter's will ever be transported to Washington, but that is not in any way essential. The pastor of St. Peter's, when America is made Catholic, can rule America from Rome with as much ease as from Washington. Non-Catholics may not be driven out of the army and navy ; but with a majority of the army chaplains Catholics, with a Catholic at the head of the West Point Military Academy, and with independent Catho-lic military companies organized in all parts of the country, the condition would  not be a subject for jesting. We have not placed any order for a steel suit; but we can readily imagine that conditions would easily develop under such a regime which would make it very much safer for all who were truly Protestants to wear such suits. This hint from the New World carries the mind back at once to the days when it was not uncommon for men to wear steel suits, and those days were the days of Roman Catholic su-premacy. AMERICANS are soon to have put squarely before them the question : Shall funds raised by taxation of the general public be used for the support of religious schools? If the people an-swer the question in the affirmative, are they ready to answer the next question which will naturally and logically follow : Shall funds raised by general taxation be used for the support of religious teach-ers? If this question also is answered in the affirmative, the road is open for the support of the church out of the public treasury. This is the cockatrice in the egg which a powerful organization has determined shall be hatched in this coun-try. It is well for Americans to consider the question now, that they may act in-telligently when the question is definitely before them for decision. SEPARATION of church and state is both essentially republican and Chris-tian. The Author of Christianity dis-tinctly announced for the ages this principle when he said: " Render there-fore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's."Š James M. King. "WHAT is persecution? If, by law, to take the life is persecution, is it not more so to force the conscience? " 