LIBERTY 23 In this connection, let us note the opin-ion of Mr. Justice Joseph Story, in his commentaries on the " Constitution of the United States," page 690 : Š " This clause [Section 3 of Article VI] is not introduced merely for the purpose of satisfying the scruples of many respectable persons who feel an invincible repugnance to any religious test or affirmation. It had a higher ob-ject: to cut off forever every pretense of any alliance between the church and state in the national goverument. The fram-ers of the Constitution were fully sen-sible of the dangers from this source, marked out in the history of other ages and countries, and not wholly unknown to our own. They knew that bigotry was unceasingly vigilant in its strategems to secure to itself an exclusive ascend-ency over the human mind, and that in-tolerance was ever ready to arm itself with all the terrors of the civil power to exterminate those who doubted its dogmas or resisted its infallibility. The Catholics and Protestants had alternately waged the most ferocious and unrelent-ing warfare on each other, and Prot-estantism, at the very moment when it was proclaiming the right of private judgment, prescribed boundaries to that right, beyond which, if any one dared to pass, he must seal his rashness with the blood of martyrdom. The history of the parent country, too, could not fail to instruct them in the uses and the abuses of religious tests. They there found the pains and penalties of non-conformity written in no equivocal language, and enforced with a stern and vindictive jealousy." References of similar character may be cited to show the reasons the founders of our constitutional republic had in mind when they omitted from the pre-amble of the Constitution any purely religious terms, and made such provi-sion for religious liberty as is found in Article VI, and in the first amendment. How Earlier Legislators Viewed It But the promoters of the Christian citizenship movement assert that such  matters as affect religion should be de-termined by the majority of the body politic. It will be well to ascertain the mind of our political ancestors. A United States Senate report adopted Jan. 19, 1829, in dealing with an appeal for Sunday legislation, submitted this thought on the subject of majorities on such questions as would be involved in changing the complexion of our organic law from a civil to a religious one : Š " Under the present regulations of the Post-office Department, the rights of conscience are not invaded. . . . Pas-sengers in the mail-stages are free to rest during the first day of the week or to pursue their journeys at their own pleasure. While the mail is trans-ported on Saturday, the Jew and the Sabbatarian may abstain from any agency in carrying, on conscientious scruples. While it is transported on the first day of the week, another class may abstain, from the same religious scruples. The obligation of government is the same on both these classes ; and the committee can discover no principle on which the claims of one should be more respected than those of the other, unless it be ad-mitted that the consciences of the mi-nority are less sacred than those of the majority." Following this came a report from the House of Representatives, in 183o, on the same subject, setting' forth this thought : Š " The principles of our government do not recognize in the majority any author-ity over the minority, except in matters which regard the conduct of man to his fellow man." It should certainly be the hope of ev-ery American citizen that Congress will refuse to pass the proposed amendment to the preamble of our national Consti-tution. To pass such an amendment would be to repudiate the work of our forefathers, to set aside the value of the American ideal of civil government, and to ignore or nullify the counsel of our Lord, " Render unto Caesar the things [only] which are Canal's." 