16  LIBERTY Religious liberty, instead of a State religion, was established in the New World. The great truth of the equality of man and his unalienable rights was set before the world, and protection was guaranteed to all in wor-shiping according to the dictates of con-science, or in not worshiping at all. Con-gress was forbidden to establish a religion, or make laws in regard thereto. In short, all were equal before the law in all partic-ulars; and thus did America become a city of refuge, an asylum, for the oppressed of every land. But even this government did not go far enough. The States were not forbidden to legislate in religious matters, and, as a result, every State in the Union, save only one, has a Sunday law, and conscientious Christians, against whom no fault in tern- working in behalf of the enforcement of existing Sunday laws and the enactment of more stringent ones, and the most powerful religious orders in the country (numer-ically) are throwing the weight of their influence in favor of such legislation. In view of all the sickening persecutions of the past, in this country and the world at large, have not the people of this age seen enough of religious legislation? and has not the purchase of religious liberty been dear enough? Has it not paid its pound of flesh? or must Shylock have the heart as well ? The First Sunday Law G. B. THOMPSON INASMUCH as there is an increasing agi-tation for more stringent laws enforcing t h e observance o f Sunday as a day of rest, it becomes a mat-ter of interest to con-sider the origin and character of the first national Sunday law ever enacted. Inves-tigation, unfort u-nately for the Sunday-law advocates, is not calculated to inspire one with the lofty or-igin of Sunday legis-lation. The first Sun-day law did not orig-inate in heaven, not even with the Chris-tian, but instead, with a pagan. " Chambers' Encyclopedia" says :Ñ "Unquestion-ably, the first law, either ecclesiastical or civil, by which the Sabbatical observance of that day (Sunday) is known to have been ordained, is the edict of Constantine, A. D. 321." This famous law itself reads as follows:Ñ "Let all judges and town people, and all artisans, rest on the venerable day of the sun. But let those who are situated in the country freely and at full liberty attend to the cultivation of their fields; because it often happens that no other day is so fit for sowing corn or planting vines; lest, by neg-lecting the proper occasion, they should lose the benefits granted by divine bounty." ROGER WILL¥IAMS STATUE, AND BETSEY WILLIAMS PROVIDENCE, R. I. poral affairs is found Ñ no fault save in the law of their God Ñ are to-day con-demned to imprisonment, to fines, and to working in chain-gangs. And the situation, instead of growing better, is fast growing worse. In 1892 the Supreme Court of the United States declared this to be a Christian nation, which virtually established the Christian religion, and paved the way for the passage of a religious law in the following year,Ñ the law closing the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday,Ñ thus com-mitting the nation to the principles of relig-ious legislation. Now the whole country is stirred by those HOUSE, 