LIBERTY Soul-freedom is the bulwark of re-ligious liberty, the inevitable outgrowth of the New Testament principles, that each must hear for himself, must repent for himself, must believe for himself, must confess Christ for himself, must be baptized on his own confession.Rom. 14: 22. We come into this world one by one, we must go to Christ one by one for his pardoning grace, and we leave this world one by one, to be rewarded according to our works. Hence the state has no authority over the religious be-liefs and observances of men, whether they be orthodox or heretic, atheist or heathen. Jesus did not say, Tarry in the halls of legislation, until ye be endowed with power from the state: but, " Tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be en-dued with power from on high." Luke 24: 49. He did not say, Ye shall re-ceive power after ye have gained control of legislation ; but, " Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." Acts r : 8. He did not say, Without the power of the state ye can do nothing; but, " Without me ye can do nothing." John 15: 5. When Peter and the other apostles be-gan their evangelistic work, they were outlaws in every country under heaven. Imperial Rome ruled the world. The death penalty hung over the head of ev-ery one who dared to teach a new re-ligion. But in spite of all this, and against all the power and machinery of the mightiest nation that ever ruled the world, under the influence of the Holy Spirit thousands were converted in a day, and within a short time the whole colossal fabric of paganism was under-mined. They labored for the salvation of souls, not for the " conversion of na-tions." And just as long as the church depended alone upon the power of the Holy Spirit, she went forth conquering and to conquer. But just in proportion as she began to "pull wires for the king-dom of God " at the court of Constan- tine, to that degree she lost the power of the Holy Spirit. And when she ceased converting men as individuals, and began " converting men by nations," then ap-peared the " Holy Roman Empire," and all the dark history of intolerance and persecution which followed. The same is true of the Reformation. Its leaders said, " It is with the Word we must fight ; " " let there be no com-pulsion ; " " liberty is of the very es-sence of faith." It had " nothing to do with the world and with politics." But just to the extent that the reformed churches united once more with the world and earthly powers, they were shorn of divine power, and ceased to make converts. All evangelical Christians now freely admit that the early church apostatized. They admit that friendship with the world and reliance upon human power caused this apostasy. They believe the same concerning the Reformation. Then why should they not cry out against, and spurn as apostasy, this mod-ern movement for reunion with the world and dependence upon human power? Let this be done. Let the church re-turn to her first love and her first meth-ods, and inscribe on her banner that an-cient motto: " Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord." Society will be best served, and hu-manity most blessed, when the church and the state each does its divinely ap-pointed work in its divinely appointed way. Daniel Webster spoke truly when he said, " Whatever makes men good Christians, makes them good citizens." The business of the church is to make men Christians. This done, good citi-zenship is insured. The cause of Chris-tianity is injured, and its progress im-peded, in proportion as its professed friends unite it to the state. W. A. C. 