74  LIBERTY freedom of the citizen from servitude and restraint, but is deemed to embrace the right of every man to be free in the use of his powers and faculties, and to adopt and pursue such avocation or call-ing as he may choose, subject only to the restraints necessary to secure the common welfare. " In Ritchie vs. People, 155 Ill., 98, the question arose in regard to the valid-ity of a statute which provided that no female shall be employed in any factory or workshop more than eight hours in any one day, or forty-eight hours in any one week, and it was held that the right to labor or employ labor and make con-tracts in respect thereto, upon such terms as may be agreed upon, is both a liberty and a property right, and is included in the guaranty of Section 2 of Article II, of the Constitution, and that the act pro-hibiting the employment of females in any factory or workshop for more than eight hours a day is unconstitutional, as being partial and discriminating in its character. In the decision of the case it is said (page 104) : ' Labor is property, and the laborer has the same right to sell his labor and to contract with reference thereto as has any other property owner. In this coun-try the legislature has no power to pre-vent persons who are sui juris from making their own contracts, nor can it interfere with the freedom of contract between the workman and the employer.' " If the legislature has no power to prohibit, by law, a woman from being employed in a factory or workshop more than eight hours in any one day, or forty-eight hours in a week, upon what principle, it may be asked, has the legis-lature the right to prohibit a barber from laboring and receiving the fruits of his labor during any number of hours he may desire to work during the week? If a woman may be allowed to deter-mine the number of hours she may work in a week, why not allow a barber the same right? Moreover, if the merchant, the grocer, the butcher, the druggist, and those engaged in other trades and call- ings, are allowed to open their places of business and carry on their respective avocations during seven days of the week, upon what principle can it be held that a person who may be engaged in the business of barbering may not do the same thing? Why should a dis-crimination be made against that calling, and that alone ? " But it is said the law may be sus-tained under the police power of the State. . . . It must be conceded that there is a limit to the exercise of this power, and that it is not an unlimited, arbitrary power, which would enable the legislature to prohibit a business the prosecution of which inflicts no damage upon others. It is a judicial question whether the trade or calling is of such a nature as to justify police regulation... . " In Austin vs. Murray, 16 Pick., 121, it was said : ' The law will not allow the rights of property to be invaded under the guise of a police regulation for the promotion of health, when it is manifest that such is not the object and purpose of the regulation.' See also Waterman vs. Mayo, 109 Mass., 315, and cases re-ferred to in Matter of Application of Jacobs, 98 N. Y., tog. See also Cooley's ' Constitutional Limitations,' section 484. " It will not and cannot be claimed that the law in question was passed as a sanitary measure, or that it has any relation whatever to the health of so-ciety. As has been heretofore seen, as a general rule a police regulation has reference to the health, comfort, safety, and welfare of society. How, it may be asked, is the health, comfort, safety, or welfare of society to be injuriously af-fected by keeping open a barber shop on Sunday ? It is a matter of common ob-servation that the barber business, as carried on in this State, is both quiet and orderly. . . . In view of the nature of the business and the manner in which it is carried on, it is difficult to perceive how the rights of any person can be af-fected, or how the comfort or welfare of society can be disturbed. If the act were one calculated to promote the 