LIBERTY iii fore, but is giving our people of today greater independence, comfort, and hap-piness than any people have heretofore enjoyed. It has extended its beneficent influence to the greater portion of the human race now living under constitu-tions copied after our own. And for these blessings hundreds of thousands of Americans are battling today upon the red fields of war. . . . The most unjustifiable, uncalled-for, and appalling tragedy in human history is now being enacted on the continent of Europe. Vast territories where, but a short time ago, only the sweet music Underwood & Underwood, N. Y. a war of liberation: into a contest between auto-erotic, imperial despotism on one side, and the true principles of self-government of the individual, the community, and 'the state on the other side, the side of free peoples and free governinent. of peace, industry, and happiness was heard, are now silent, save for the sound of warring cannon and the moans of dy-ing men. The great conflict is now re-solving itself into savage warfare; into a contest between autocratic, imperial des-potism on one side, and the true princi-ples of self-government of the individual, the community and the state on the other. There can be no middle ground. If our civilization is to be only the cruel, irre-sponsible antagonism of the classes to the masses, then it will prove a failure. I still have faith in human intelligence and justice. The darkest hour of the night is just before the dawn. Out of the tur-moil of tyranny and cruel injustice has arisen enlightened progress. Out of the shadows of Valley Forge and Yorktown came our American independence. Out of the horror and chaos of the reign of terror rose the splendid French Republic. The spirit of freedom and a universal demand for liberal governMent is moving around the world. It has manifested it-self in the demands of the millions of patriots of the Celestial Kingdom in the far-distant Orient. It has dethroned the most autocratic imperial power in Russia, that vast empire of two continents. . . . I have twice visited Russia and been across the vast territory of Siberia. I believe that with encouragement and sup-port its mighty power and resources will yet be united in the cause of right and justice. . . . In this serious crisis, the words of the immortal Lincoln are as applicable today as they were the day they were uttered : " With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in Š and to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations." . . . The nations of the world today are no farther apart in intercourse and commu- nication than the colonies were when our fathers, with consummate sagacity, sent their wisest and best men to Philadelphia Ł 