LIBERTY, 25 our temples of justice, in our legislative halls, and in buildings such as those at West Point and Annapolis Š in short, wherever it will tend to arouse and inspire a lofty emotion in those who look upon it. But it seems to me eminently unwise to cheapen such a motto by use on coins, just as it would be to cheapen it by use on postage-stamps, or in advertisements. As regards its use on the coinage, we have actual experience by which to go. In all my life I have never heard any human being speak reverently of this motto on the coins, or show any signs of its having appealed to any emotions in him. But I have literally hundreds of times heard it used as an occasion of, and incitement to, the sneering ridicule which it is above all things undesirable that so beautiful and exalted a phrase should excite. For ex-ample, throughout the long contest, extend-ing over several decades, on the free coin-age question, the existence of this motto on the coins was a constant source of jest and ridicule ; and this was unavoidable. Every one must remember the innumerable cartoons and articles based on phrases like, In God we trust for the short weight; In God we trust for the thirty-seven cents we do not pay,' and so forth, and so forth. Surely I am well within bounds when I say that a use of the phrase which invites constant levity of this type is most un-desirable. " If Congress alters the law, and directs me to replace on the coins the sentence in question, the direction will be immedi-ately put into effect; but I very earnestly trust that the religious sentiment of the country, the spirit of reverence in the country, will prevent any such actiori being taken. Sincerely yours, (Signed) " THEODORE ROOSEVELT." First Principles of Freedom THE revival of Sunday laws in various cities is distinctly a religious movement. The laws in the first place reflected the religious creeds and predilections of their authors. In taking notice of the flaming zeal which everywhere accompanies Sunday law en-forcement it should be remembered that, notwithstanding the pious inspiration of Sabbatarianism, the courts have held  almost without exception that legislation of this kind can be sustained only on secular grounds. To advance religious belief as a reason for Sunday blue laws would be to nullify them. We have the strange spectacle, therefore, of religious laws enacted and enforced at the demand of religionists, and upheld by courts which deny that they are religious laws, and assert that they are nothing more than police and health measures. . . . Religious laws having no standing in court except on the false pretense that they are secular in purpose, ought to be easily repealed. When they were first enacted in this country, they had the weight of the church, of wealth, of nine-tenths of the population and of practically all respecta-bility behind them. It is not so now. Compelling their rigid execution at this time, a few zealots are simply invoking the authority of sanctimonious lawgivers dead and gone for the regulation of people of different beliefs, different tastes, and different necessities. We are to remember also that true American liberty had some of its most im-portant beginnings in successful assaults upon these very laws. It was not until the people had learned to question the despotic powers of the New England theocracy and the state church of Virginia, that they ven-tured to assail the awful pretensions of George III, who ruled by divine right. Sam Adams in Massachusetts and Thomas Jefferson in Virginia were hounded to their graves by the element which supported the blue laws. These men and others almost as cele-brated held that emancipation from ecclesi-astical authority was essential to liberty. What would they have thought of eighty millions of people subjected to religious laws which gained their force by judicial denials of the self-evident fact that they are religious laws? It is maintained in some quarters and with reason, that repeated invasions of popular rights during the last thirty or forty years have resulted in a serious cur-tailment of liberty. If reasonable and harmless diversions on Sunday may now be prohibited by a small religious element. backed by a notorious false pretense in the courts, it must be that there has also been a most emphatic loss of independence on the part of the people. The worst of all 