LIBERTY 25 behalf of a plea for Sunday legislation, and the government will be asked to say that all alike shall refrain from labor on Sunday, under heavy penalties. Such a law would be very acceptable to the majority of the religious denominations. But there are Christians who believe that God has not changed his commandment, and that the seventh day is still the Sabbath. They rest on the seventh day and labor on the first. Ought the government to show favor to one section of the religious community, at the expense of another? If it does so, it will not be adhering to the principle, which it has laid down for its guidance in Malta, " that all persons . . . should have full lib-erty of conscience and the free exercise of their respective modes of religious wor-ship." If a strict Sunday law is passed, the Sab-bath-keeper will be hindered from work-ing on the first day of the week, or will do it at the risk of punishment. In other words, the law will fine him one-sixth of his weekly earnigs for being a Sabbath-keeper. This would not be " perfect equal-ity " for " all denominations." The gov-ernment can not enforce Sunday observance and remain true to the principles laid down in Lord Elgin's letter. The denominations that are calling for stricter Sunday legislation will say, of course, that they do not wish to oppress any, but are acting in the interests of the people at large. So said the Roman Cath-olic archbishop of Malta. It was the peo-ple that he was thinking of when he de-demanded the discontinuance of the Protes-tant services. He held that he alone, as the head of the church in Malta, was qual-ified to say what was harmful to his flock, and what was not. But the government has decided that even his zealous concern for the flock must give way to the common right of religious freedom. The same an-swer is the only consistent one to give to those who clamor for Sunday legislation. The Jew is as much entitled as the Chris- tian to religious liberty. The observer of the seventh day should be free to do any honest work that he can find to do on the first day. No true follower of Christ will attempt to interfere with such right, for perfect religious equality is not less fun-damental to Christianity than it is to Brit-ish liberty.Š The Present Trutth, London. The American Federation of Catholic Societies W. A. COLCORD THE following statements taken from an editorial in the Catholic Mirror, -of Aug. II, 1906, are significant:Š "Dollar piled on dollar, until the aggre-gate of many dollars reaches high into millions, will place almost limitless power in the hands of the owner thereof. Men of trade, united in an impregnable body, wield an influence that capital is afraid to gainsay. As units, the men and the dol-lars would be forces too small to reckon with. Capital sneers at the efforts of one man (unless perchance he be a Morgan or a Rockefeller), and a dollar flung into the sea of finance would not create a ripple. It is in their union that is found their strength, their power for good or evil ; and in union, therefore, except in rare in-stances, lies the secret of accomplishment. Even in the exceptions, are united the genius, energy, and creative or managing ability, which lifts a man above his fel-lows and makes him great. This being so, it would seem that a golden future awaits the newest and greatest union to appear in the national areno Š the American Federa-tion of Catholic Societies." " To even the casual observer there can be little doubt that as time moves on Cath-olicity will play a prominent part in the New World. Our Holy Faith is already making rapid strides, and even in spots of the most hidebound bigotry, its light is gradually, but surely penetrating. With this great and universal spread of the Cath-olic religion comes the necessity for some body of men, some highly perfected organ-izations to guide and direct its energies, and concentrate its vast potential power for good." " The necessity for an organization to direct and mobilize the efforts of the Cath-olics in America will be supplied by the American Federation of Catholic Societies. At least, this is the object and desires of its promoters. And there is little reason to doubt their final attainment. The most brilliant Churchmen in the country are bending their energies to that end." "'That the leaders in the movements are men, broad-minded and open to suggestion, is shown by the fact that they decided at the convention to adopt, with some modifi- 