MARKET HOUSE, TEHUANTEPEC, MEXICO LIBERTY 83 nor of the state shall be previously heard on the subject. Every place of worship shall have a person charged with its care and main- tenance, who shall be legally responsible for the faithful performance of the laws on re- ligious observances within the said place of worship, and for all the objects used, for pur-poses of worship. "The caretaker of each place of public wor-ship, together with ten citizens of the place, shall promptly advise the municipal authorities as to the person charged with the care of the said place of worship. The outgoing minister shall in every instance give notice of any change, for which purpose he shall be accom-panied by the incoming minister and ten other citizens of the place. The municipal authori- ties, under penalty of dismissal and fine, not exceeding one thousand pesos for each breach, shall be responsible for the exact performance of this provision; they shall keep a register of the places of worship and another of the care- takers thereof, subject to the same penalty as above provided. The municipal authorities shall likewise give notice to the Department of the Interior through the intermediary of the state governor, of any permission to open to the public use a new place of wor-ship as well as of any change in the caretakers. Gifts of personalty may be received in the inte-rior of places of public worship. " Under no con-ditions shall studies carried on in insti-tutions devoted to the professional training of minis-ters of religious creeds be ratified or be granted any other dispensation of priv-ilege which shall have for its purpose the ratification of the said studies in official in-stitutions. Any authority violating this pro-vision shall be punished criminally, and all such dispensation of privilege be null and void, and shall invalidate wholly and entirely the professional degree toward the obtaining of which the infraction of this provision may in any way have contributed. "No periodical publication which either by reason of its program, its title, or merely by its general tendencies, is of a religious char-acter, shall comment upon any political affairs of the nation, nor publish any information regarding the acts of the authorities of the country or of private individuals in so far as the latter have to do with public affairs. " Every kind of political association whose name shall bear any word or any indication relating to any religious belief is hereby strictly forbidden. No assemblies of any po-litical character shall be held within places of public worship. " No minister of any religious creed may inherit, either on his own behalf or by means of a trustee or otherwise, any real property occupied by any association of religious propa-ganda or religious or charitable purposes. Ministers of religious creeds are incapable legally of inheriting by will from ministers of the same religious sect or from any private individual to whom they are not related by blood within the fourth degree. " All real and personal property pertaining to the clergy or to religious institutions shall be governed, in so far as their acquisition by private parties is concerned, in conformity with Article XXVII of this Constitution. " No trial by jury shall ever be granted for the infraction of any of the preceding provi-sions." Even the right of trial by jury denied! Surely this is a far cry from the true principles of re-publican govern-ment. Rather, it is a case of an attempt to use Rome's own weapons against her ; a substitu-tion of domina-tion of the church by the state for domination of the state by the church. Let us hope that our sis-ter republic to the south may soon re-pudiate such principles, and establish in-stead a government where church and state shall be entirely and truly separate, and all citizens enjoy genuine civil and religious liberty to the fullest extent; yea, may the time soon come when all men shall recognize the fundamental political truth underlying Christ's com-mand to his disciples, " Render to Cesar the things that are Canal's, and to God the things that are God's." Mark 12: 17. Here the line is so clearly drawn between church and state that none need errŠeven he who runs may read and understand. 