LIBERTY 53 True liberty of speech and of the press consists in being free to speak, write, and print, but being, as in the exercise of other liberties, responsible for the abuse of this liberty; and whether we have abused this liberty or not, must, like all other questions of right, be left to the decision of a court and jury. This is the universal test by which the exercise of all our rights must be tried.Š" Liberty of Speech and of the Press," Alexander Addison, 1800, p. 14. loving man, whose decisions will always be wise and just. The thing is wrong in principle. How can one man decide what ioo,000,000 people shall read? The im-propriety of permitting the Post Office Department to assume a censorship over the press, was pointed out early in our,  history. The Postmaster-General in 1835, when importuned to bar certain papers from the mails, replied : Š Upon careful examination of the law, I am satisfied that the Postmaster-General has no legal authority to exclude newspapers from the mails, nor prohibit their carriage or delivery on account of their character or tendency, real or supposed. Probably it was not thought safe to confer on the head of an executive depart-ment a power over the press which might be perverted and abused.ŠNew York Evening Post, Aug. 18, 1835. How the Power Might be Abused To clothe an official with arbitrary au-thority virtually to destroy a publication by denying it second-class mail privileges, is to strike down a fundamental principle of justice. The law provides that no one shall be deprived of property except by due process of law. To publish a news-paper ordinarily requires an investment of thousands of dollars. Under Mr. Fitzgerald's bill, a word from the Post-master-General, and a whole business would be ruined. There is no appeal from his order, nor any compensation for the loss sustained. Denies Jury Trial A public hearing was granted on the bill introduced by Mr. Fitzgerald the pre-vious session. At this time Mr. Finley,  a member of the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, inquired of Mr. Fitzgerald if he did not " think that there should be some appeal to the courts and that the courts should be allowed to set-tle and decide that issue ? " In reply Mr. Fitzgerald said : " I am no more anxious to vest arbitrary power in any adminis-trative officer than any other person, and I am sure that to give a man the right to have his rights determined in a judi-cial proceeding is perfectly proper, and I would be perfectly willing to have such a provision incorporated in this bill."ŠReport of Hearing, pp. II, 12. After thus disclaiming any desire to place undue authority in the hands of one official and offering to incorporate in his bill a provision granting a trial for defendants, Mr. Fitzgerald intro-duces his bill again this session the same as last, entirely ignoring these vital points. In his argument before the committee, Mr. Fitzgerald claimed that section 211 of the Penal Code enacted in 1909 would cover the literature he wished to have made nonmailable. He insisted that the Postmaster-General has the authority un-der this statute to bar these publications from the mails arbitrarily. And yet the two cases he cited in defense of his posi-tion were tried before a jury! (See Re-port of Hearing, p. 8.) The Mails a Government Monopoly The government has monopolized the mail service; therefore it should not be allowed to interfere with the transmission of any publication because of the senti- The liberty of speech and press being of the first importance to mankind, ought to be guarded with the most jealous vigilance. No pretenses or excuses ought to be adduced by the government, or admitted by the people. The same duty which obliges the people to yield a prompt and willing obedience to cons'itutional laws, directs them to oppose every one of an opposite kind.Š"An Inquiry Concerning the Liberty and Licentiousness of the Press," by John Thompson, 18or, p. ?o. 