LIBERTY (1°77)  27 up in the United States, which, because of its primary allegiance to a foreign po-tentate, dares practically to defy its own government. This is a matter that is worthy of the most serious thought on the part of Americans. The Catholic Church is now perfect-ing plans for the organization of a sim-ilar federation in Canada and Great Britain, so that ultimately the entire  English-speaking world shall be con-trolled, to the advantage of the Cath-olic Church, through these federations; and through a control of those nations she hopes ultimately to gain control of all the world. The plan is deeply laid and comprehensive; and so far as our observation goes, there seems to be no earthly power able to prevent its con-summation. The Greatest Issue in America BY THE EDITOR ONE of the most tremendous issues that has ever been before the people of the United States is before them now. It is not the tariff question Š that is in-significant beside it. The country can exist, and the people can be happy and prosperous with or without a tariff. That is only a matter of degrees, and not of absolute essentials. This issue, this question, is not as to whether only a portion of the people shall be free, as in the days of sixty-one. It is the ques-tion of whether any of them shall be free. The dangerous feature of the situation is that the people are not awake to it, and that the issue is presented to them by those to whom they are accustomed to look for counsel in spiritual matters. Within a very few years there has been a very great increase in the number of societies that are seeking to mix the affairs of the kingdom of Christ with the affairs of the kingdoms and republics of this world, seemingly unable to real-ize the terrible consequences, even to themselves, should the church ever be in a position to dictate to the state, or the state be in a position to dictate to the church, in this country. The nation was builded substantially and securely, and the liberties of the people were thought to be sufficiently guaranteed, so that the  sad experiences of the people in centuries gone by might not be repeated, at least Ł not in America, and that America's in-fluence might help to make such experi-ences impossible in other quarters of the globe. One influential organization has set itself the task of reforming the Consti-tution so that it shall no longer speak the language of liberty, but a language for-eign to the principles of freedom; and a bill has already been introduced into Congress looking to the satisfying of that organization's demands. Another organization claiming a con-stituency of about eighteen millions, has expressed its determination to bring pres-sure to bear upon the state in order to for-ward the supposed interests of the church. Stilt another organization, numbering about three million adherents and com-pletely under the dominance of a re-ligious system hoary with age, has had set for it by its superiors the task of con-trolling legislation, both state and na-tional, in the interests of the church to which it owes allegiance. And not only that, but it is expected to tie the hands of the highest officials of the go'vernment of the United States when any action is pro-posed which is considered inimical to the interests of that particular church. 