LIBERTY 39 the whole history of Sunday legislation, and is borne out by the very language of such statutes themselves, as well as by scores of court decisions. It is only by a legal fiction that Sunday is said to be a civil institution, and it is by this same legal fiction that liberty is being sub-verted in our land. Is Sunday a Civil Institution ? IT is most strenuously insisted by some that Sunday, while religious in its origin, is now " a civil institution," and that it is properly enforced by civil pains and penalties. But how can that be when the whole history of the Sunday institu-tion and of Sunday legislation shows that it is and always has been essentially re-ligious? Sunday as a pagan day was religious, a religious festival, a festival in honor of the sun, which was worshiped as a god. Nor was this feature changed when the day was adopted by the early Christians ; it was still a religious festi-val. The friends of Sunday legislation have always claimed that the design of Constantine's Sunday edict, A. D. 321, was to honor Sunday, not as a secular day, nor even as a pagan day, but as a Christian institution. All the older Sunday laws in the United States were closely patterned after the law of Charles II, which was distinctly religious, a fact that will not be denied by any one who is at all familiar with the character of English Sunday legislation at that time. The early colonial Sunday legislation in this country was too distinctly reli-gious to admit of any question whatever. In Plymouth Colony, June 10, 1650, the following was enacted by the general court : Š Be it enacted, That whosoever shall profane the Lord's Day by doing any servile work, or any such like abuses, shall forfeit for every such default ten shillings, or be whipped.Š"Plymouth Colony Records," Vol. XI, page 57. At the same time it was enacted " that if any [one] in any lazy, slothful, or  profane way neglect to come to the wor-shiping of God, [he] shall suffer for any such default ten shillings, or be publicly whipped."Š Id., page 58. Again, in 1658 this action was taken by the general court : Š Whereas, Complaint is made of great abuses in sundry places of this government of pro-faning the Lord's Day by travelers, both horse and foot, by bearing of burdens, carrying packs, etc., upon the Lord's Day, to the great offense of the godly, well-affected amongst us.Š Id., page zoo. This language is too clearly religious and ecclesiastical to admit of any ques-tion as to its object. It was not to se-cure a day of rest to those who were in need of it, but the avowed purpose and object of the legislation was to protect the day from profanation. Coming down a little closer to our own time, we find in A. D. 1700 a general law enacted in Pennsylvania, under Lieut. Gov. John Addams, which prohibited " servile work " on Sunday. Those who are familiar with the Old Testament Scripture will recognize at once the term " servile " as being used in King James's translation of the Scriptures, to describe work prohibited upon the ancient Sab-bath and other religious festivals of the Mosaic dispensation. In 1794 the Pennsylvania law of 17oo was repealed, and another law enacted, differing from it in only a few minor particulars. As in the older law, the religious phraseology appears, and it is plain enough that the object of the law is not to protect the individual, but the day. This is still true in that State. While in many of the States observers of the seventh day are exempted from any penalty for doing ordinary private work on Sunday, no such exemption ap-pears in the Pennsylvania law. If the object of the law were to protect the in-dividual, to secure to each individual one day's rest in seven, the wording of the law would certainly be very different from what it is. But the object is clearly to secure not a day of rest to the indi-vidual, but the observance of Sunday and of no other day. 