4 LIBERTY tries of Latin America the papal hold upon state affairs is loosening, and more tolera-tion is being accorded the representatives of Protestantism. Russia. Š An imperial decree issued April 17, 1905, granted freedom of worship to all subjects of the czar. While the internal affairs of the empire have been al-most in a state of anarchy, following the breaking up of the long-standing bureau-cratic system of government, much good has already resulted from the czar's decree. Religious publications which were before  certain demands in the interests of freedom which the czar refused to grant. The czar threatened to dissolve the Douma, and the Douma replied that should this be attempted it would pay no attention to the czar's order. A conflict between the people and the throne seemed for a time inevitable, and the danger is not yet past. It seems safe to conclude, however, that the ground which liberty has won in Russia will at least not be wholly lost, and never again will freedom of worship be under the rigid ban which has hindered it in the past. The THE TAURIDE PALACE, gT. PETERSBURG, WHERE THE DOUMA IS IN SESSION put under the ban of the censor, can now be circulated freely. Religious assemblies can convene without fear of molestation from the police. No restriction is imposed in the matter of Sabbath observance, and in this respect there is more freedom in the czar's dominions than there is in Amer-ica. Whether the forces of liberty will hold their ground and make further con-quests toward the establishment of govern-mental freedom, or be compelled to yield to the reactionary forces arrayed against them, is a question which engages the at-tention of the world. The Douma, acting in the interests of popular government, made  recent terrible massacres of Jews in Russia seem to be due to some other cause than that of religious animosity. Canada. Š For years past the " Lord's' Day Alliance " of Canada has persistently sought to secure legislation compelling a more rigid observance of Sunday in that country. The Alliance began work to this end with the provincial legislatures, but after the matter of Sunday legislation had been several times brought before the courts, it was settled by decision of the privy council in London, England, that as regards the provinces such legislation was 