572  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY inent citizens, some of the committee of twelve, including its chairman, and others foremost in the crusade against the drug-gists." This move caused " the excite-ment over the Sunday-closing question to rise to fever heat," and it " became prac-tically the sole topic of discussion in Wil-kinsburg." " While a majority of the residents seemed to favor the attitude of the druggists in determining to keep their fountains in operation on Sunday, many supported the position of the committee of twelve acting for the churches." On July 26 and August 2 both committees " were busy securing evidence," detectives being employed to aid in the work. A somewhat peculiar feature of the fight was " the race between the two commit-tees to get informations filed first " against druggists and their clerks, which would take place immediately upon the stroke of twelve Sunday night. The druggists' committee would go to Justice Walker and the church committee to Bur-gess Keys. Wherever the informations were first filed the trials would take place. The justice had shown a readiness to re-mit the fines imposed upon the druggists arraigned before him, while the burgess had shown an equal readiness to make them pay the fines and costs. So by hav-ing complaints entered before the justice against the druggists and their clerks be-fore complaints against them could be entered by the church committee before the burgess, the druggists' committee was enabled to score quite a substantial vic-tory. It is said that within six seconds after the stroke of midnight on August 2 a representative of the druggists' com-mittee had filed complaints before the jus-tice against four druggists and seven clerks. The druggists were sentenced to pay a fine of $25 and costs a few days later, which the justice promptly remit-ted. On August 4 a constable served warrants on officials and employees of the Pennsylvania Ice Company, eleven  persons in all. Rev. C. W. Smith, editor of the Pittsburg Christian Ack)ocate, a director of the company, had left for Canada on a vacation the previous day, and thus escaped the service of a warrant which had been issued for his arfest. The hearing in the cases of the eleven persons connected with the ice company took place before Justice Walker on August 7. It was contended by their attorney that " if the ice plant were compelled to shut down on Sunday it would not be able to turn out any ice on Monday and the com-pany would suffer great financial loss." The attorney for the druggists argued " that financial loss was not a sufficient excuse for working on Sunday." The justice reserved his decision. On August I " ten writs of certiorari against Burgess Keys of Wilkinsburg were filed in the Court of Common Pleas in Pittsburg on behalf of druggists who had been fined by him for Sunday selling." The cases were to come up this month, and were to "be argued on the technical points, and not on their merits." On August I I " a lull in Wilkinsburg's blue-law controversy " was reported, but it was expected that a large number of informations would be made against street-car men, icemen and others as soon as the detectives employed by the committee of five had obtained the necessary evidence. On August 17 two more informations were filed against druggists by the committee of twelve, the charge being " keeping their soda foun-tains open on Sunday." The adjacent place of Braddock also became involved in the " blue-law' controversy." On July 29 a constable from the office of Alder-man Anderson in Pittsburg served war-rants charging violation of the Sunday law upon thirteen Braddock druggists. On August 7 another constable from the same office appeared and served war-rants on " some of the most prominent citizens of the town for doing worldly labor on Sunday." There were twenty- 