56 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY been more in demand among curiosity-seekers since the news of its appearance leaked out. It seems that one of the features of this document is that long-paraded device in behalf of Sunday enforcement, the " Dr. Haegler chart," by which it is attempted to prove that a person who does " a nor-mal day's work " and takes " a normal night's rest " will continue to get weaker and weaker physically until he dies of physical exhaustion unless he rests on Sunday. All this is solemnly explained in detail in the document, and is quoted by the Post's correspondent. Here is something from another quotation that is made from the document: The primary and the lobby are the two chambers of the, sovereign people. . . . Christian men must lay hold of these two handles of politicsŠthe primary and the lobby Šof which last the post-office is the annex. Both are now mostly in bad hands. . . . The necessities of life in a republic are intel-ligence, conscientiousness, and the spirit of equality, which cannot be produced except through the Sabbath and its institutions. Re-publics are born of Christ and cannot live without Him. Republics can live better, however, without " Christian " lobbyists than they can with them. By the way they are securing the use of the franking privilege for their literature it would certainly seem that the " Christian men of the " Re-form Bureau " have taken pretty good hold of that " handle of politics " of which we are informed " the post-office is the annex." Do they consider the Post-office Department to be the annex of the " Reform Bureau " lobby? If it is, it cannot be doubted that it is " in bad hands." It is set forth also in the document that " ancient prophets spoke at least eleven times out of twelve to communities rather than individuals," that " preachers are the descendants of prophets, not of priests, and in this new age of cities and solidarity the preacher ought to devote  at least one of his twelve addresses a month to social themes." It is not ex-plained what the course of the ancient prophets has to do with the business of the United States Government, nor what right the Government has to be under-taking the business of prescribing themes and topics for " the descendants of the prophets." The correspondent of the Post says that " if any one wishes to look into the pro-posed subjects further than is possible in this pamphlet of twenty-eight pages, he is advised to read certain books men-tioned, with publishers' address and retail prices, in a bibliographical paragraph at-tached to each topic suggested," and that " there is a striking frequency of recur-rence of the names of such works as Practical Christian Sociology,' by the Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts ; The March of Christ Down the Centuries,' by the same author ; ' The Temperance Century,' by the same ; The Cartridge Box of Temperance and Prohibition,' and Half-truth in Darwinism,' by the same." This incident faintly suggests what would be were the nation fully " re-formed " after the " National Reform " ideal. The Government would be merely an adjunct or instrument of the " Reform Bureau," or whatever else might be the machine or organization with which the dominant theologians were directly con-nected. And, of course, they would have their " studies for the year," " patriotic " and otherwise, to give out to the people, and would, of course, have the Govern-ment do the work for them. One im-portant difference from what prevails now would be that the matter would not stop with the mere printing and distribu-tion of the stuff by the Government, but it would have to see to it that the people studied the stuff. If any were so un-" patriotic " as to refuse to study and to follow the program of the " patriotic Concluded on page co. 