178 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Sabbath, it is permitted for men to work on the cable cars in order that pious Christians may ride to church, while a poor Jewish butcher is not allowed peace-ably to sell a pound of meat on Sunday morning to those who observe Saturday as Sabbath." "Christian" Statesmanship Senator Quay, of Pennsylvania, has offered an amendment to the bill for the re-enactment of the Chinese Exclusion Law, providing that exemption be made in favor of all Chinamen "who have em-braced the Christian faith, together with those subjects of the Empire who, in the summer of 1900, when the Pe-ting Cathedral in Peking sustained its long and arduous seige, so generously served in its defense." Mr. Quay's colleague in the senate, Mr. Penrose, observes that this amendment "is likely to have the support of those who are active in church circles generally." This is no doubt true, as was the case with a cer-tain amendment to the appropriation bill for the World's Fair which Mr. Quay proposed in the summer of 1892, and in support of which he had the Fourth Commandment read in the Senate. And this last amendment is about as uncon-stitutional and un-American as was that one which required the closing of the Columbian Exposition "on the Sabbath day." It is in plain violation of the Con-stitution to require a religious qualifica-tion for citizenship in this country, as it is in plain violation of the Constitution for Congress to legislate upon the sub-ject of "Sabbath" observance. A man's fitness for citizenship in this country does not depend upon his religious be-lief, and never will as long as the Con-stitution is adhered to. But we have no idea that Senator  Quay was purposely seeking to under-mine the Constitution by means of these amendments, any more than we have that he was seeking to advance the cause of Christianity. From all that we have heard of Mr. Quay we would not sup-pose that he was oblivious to the fact that the introduction and advocacy of such amendments as the above that are "likely to have the support of those who are active in church circles generally," is ,very likely, also, to bring to him who introduces and advocates them "the sup-port of those who are active in church circles generally," and perhaps he feels the need of just such political support as is thus gained. We have heard a great deal in recent years about the geed of "Christian statesmen," and the neces-sity of the church's becoming a strong force politically. The condition which would prevail is faintly suggested by the above. Politicians would not cease to be politicians, but would become more adroit and unscrupulous than ever be-fore. Seeing that there was political ad-vantage to be gained thereby they would learn to play the role of "Christian statesmen," and without regard for jus-tice, right, Constitution or anything else, would champion, or at least would seem to champion, the political demands of the religious forces, and thus secure for themselves that support which would in-sure their political supremacy. The re-sult would be that the church herself would become an adept in the strife of politics, if for no other reason than to keep from being outwitted by her "Christian statesmen" champions. "Great ignorance prevails as ,to the historic and scriptural claims of the Lord's day," says a journal that is pub-lished in the interests of Sunday enforce-ment. This is too true, and there is no 