THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY.  691 To depart from the principles of republicanism and adopt the principles of imperialism it is not necessary that a people shall conquer and make subject to themselves other peoples. The principle of¥ self-government may be repudiated just as fully in domestic affairs as in the arbitrary government of distant provinces. Prior to the great civil war of 1861 to 1865, Abra-ham Lincoln showed very clearly that the principles of the Declaration of Independence were violated by this nation in the maintenance of human slavery. With that incisive logic of which he was master, and with a grand eloquence due not so much to rhetoric as to truth, Mr. Lincoln, standing upon the Declara-tion of Independence, plead with telling effect the cause of the oppressed and down-trodden. The world knows the result. And now again this same question of the right and nature of self-government is before the Amer-ican people. Ere this paper falls from the press the people may have voted to sustain the policy of imperialism as applied to the islands recently ac-quired from Spain; or it may be that they will have repudiated the imperialistic policy as applied to those islands. But in neither case will the duty of those who would be true to their fellowmen and to themselves be done. In the contest to be decided before this paper is off the press, one party has in effect declared in favor of imperialism, and the other against it. But who does not know that so far as the real principle is concerned, honors are practically even as between these parties? The very machinery of the parties themselves, with " boss rule," which so completely dominates not simply the party caucuses and con-ventions, but through these the whole governmental machinery from the smallest municipality to the Federal Government, is thoroughly imperialistic. Who believes that Tammany really represents Greater New York or that the corrupt Republican machine in Philadelphia is representative of the people of the Quaker city?ÑNobody! Again, the very party which in this campaign poses as the champion of self-government denies in several States the identical principles advocated in its national platform. The open, wholesale disfran-chisement of the negroes of several of the Southern States is as certainly a violation of the principles of the Declaration of Independence as is anything that the Government has done or can do in the  Philippines. Thus, as touching the real principle, there is little to hope for from either of the great parties, nor indeed from any party. If the rights of the people are to be preserved, it must be by the people themselves. And it 'is a sad fact that as a people we are rapidly losing the fac-ulty of self-government. Self-government is only another name for self-control, and when the people fail to exercise self-control, when a whole com-munity, or even a large proportion of a community, so far loses this faculty that they must be governed by force, there remains for that people only impe-rialism. Hence this is not a political question but a question of vital principle which touches, even if it does not shape, the character of every man. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY is not only non-partizan, but it is non-political. We deal not with party questions or platforms, but with great underlying principles of justice. We seek not to mold national but individual life. It makes but little difference what party platforms are; they are made for campaign purposes and are not generally taken very seriously after they have served their purpose, but it makes a great deal of difference what the people are. We want the peopleÑeach in-dividual for himselfÑto be loyal in his own heart and in his own¥ life to the principle of right and justice, which is the principle of self-government, of self-control, not license for self and arbitrary con-trol for the other man. This is where we believe God wants every man to stand, and it is where no party does consistently stand.  B. WHEN the church forsakes the power of the gos-pel for the power of the state, she forsakes the blessed ministrations of the olive, the fig tree, and the vine for the thorns of the unfruitful bramble. She has no longer for men the fat fruit of the olive, the sweet and good fruit of the fig tree, and the cheering wine of the vine. She has only the lacera-tions, and bruises, and tyranny of the bramble, and instead of preserving men's lives, devours them. She deprives men of the substance of good things and leaves them no support but her own shadow. " THE natural rights of men, civil and political, are liberty, equality, security, property, social pro-tection, and resistance to oppression." 