THE PAPACY AND THE REPUBLIC 745 chaplains are "that they shall hold ap-propriate religious services, perform appropriate burial services, and give in-struction to enlisted men in the common English branches of education." The appointment of these "sky-pilots," as the  men call them, is in direct violation of the first amendment to our national Con-stitution. If the men are to be instructed in the common English branches of ed-ucation let the Government hire some schoolmasters.ŠTruth Seeker. The Papacy and the Republic [We are glad to give space to the communication below from Mr. Joseph Bradfield, of Washington, D. C., who has made a careful study of the matters concerning which he writes. We confess that we are not sufficiently versed in the law to thoroughly under-stand some of the points made, but we have no difficulty in understanding and appreciating the main idea : that this intimacy between the Government and the Papacy is to the great advantage of the latter and is fraught with grave danger to the former, so far as its original principle and practise of the separation of church and state is concerned. And there can be no question that a virtual treaty between the Government and the Papacy has been officially entered into. But though un-American and unconstitutional concessions to and support of the Papacy may have resulted and are yet to result from it, it cannot right-fully be said that what the Government has done in the Philippines it has done with any design to accomplish such ends. Not design, but unanticipated circumstances and the danger-flouting, self-confident recklessness with regard to fundamental principles that has been a leading characteristic of this whole colonial business, is what is bringing these things to pass. And of course there was but an indirect connection between the brutal practises adopted by some American soldiers and officers during the conquest of the islands, and the Papacy. The Americans of course received the practises through natives and Spaniards by legitimate descent from the Inquisition, and in that way they had a connection with the Papacy; and of course the brutalities served the interests of the Papacy in the islands only to the extent that they served to establish American authority and to the extent that that in turn serves the interests of the Papacy. We think it is not a fact that the President has asked the Pope to make Archbishop Ireland a cardinal, but this is not to dismiss the rumor as amounting to and meaning nothing, as there is a some-what unseemly and short-sighted haste to do in some quarters. We are persuaded that this rumor is indicative of something that demands serious consideration, and that is the mischievous activity of at least one papal prelate in this country to make the Government serve the ends of himself and "the Church."ŠEDITOR.] EDITOR THE SENTINEL : THE timely articles appearing in THE SENTINEL on the supremacy of the Papacy in the past and her present ef-forts and encroachments for the same thing again have impelled me to ask space for some words with reference to the astonishing progress of this mischiev-ous work with regard to the Government of this country, and with reference to the part played in it by the Romish prelate, John Ireland, who is having wonderful success as a seducer of Protestants. Long before the death of President McKinley this man had inveigled our Government into a treaty with Spain,  which surreptitiously carried in "its little inside" a provision relating to "corpora-tions ecclesiastical and civil," and to the rights of property in lands, which amounted to a concordat with the Pope of Rome, and obliged this Government to deal with the Vatican as well as with the Spanish government in respect to lands formerly owned by Spain. This treaty was palpably in violation of the first and tenth amendments of the Constitution of the United States. It sanctioned the ex-istence of all the papal corporations in the Philippines, both sole and aggregate, endowed those corporations with large landed estates, and was, in its purpose 