SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 479' saloon from 6 to io a. m., and claimed that they were there and the saloon was open for the purpose of " clean-ing up." The court held that this was no defense, that the law prohibited opening for any purpose. The ruling is regarded as one of " far-reaching im-portance as a precedent in the matter of enforcing the Sunday-closing law."ŠMack Clanahan, a saloonkeeper in Bir-mingham, Ala., was arrested on July 6 " on a charge of violating the Sunday law."ŠAccording to a report from  Mountain Lake, Minn., the proprietors of saloons in that place appeared by in-vitation before the village council on June 3o, and on acknowledgment from all of them that they " had sold intoxi-cating drinks over the bars on Sundays," " a resolution was passed asking them to make a deposit of $3c) each, and promis-ing them that this amount will be returned to them at the end of the year in case they are not again guilty of this offense in the meantime." In commenting on the ruling of City Solicitor Hallowell of Medford regarding Sunday golf, the Boston Herald has this to say with reference to " our statutes concerning the manner in which the Lord's day must be observed " : No one pretends that these Massachusetts,  laws are strictly enforced, nor can it be main-tained that, when judged of as a whole, they are consistent with themselves. The spirit that animated the original drafters of these regula-tions, and the public opinion which sustained these old lawmakers in passing these statutes, have to a great extent passed away. The amendments to the restrictions which have been made in more recent years would not have been tolerated by the early lawmakers, and they are entirely out of harmony with the original regulations, which, however narrow they may now appear to have been, were when first made at least consistent. But as changes have taken place in social conditions and public opinion, these restrictions in certain specific instances have first been winked at, then ignored, and by degrees common practise has become so entirely at odds with statutory re-quirements that the legislature has felt com-pelled, out of a decent regard for the law, to bring it in some degree into conformity with public usage. This is a change which is con-stantly going on, the law in this respect resting a long way in the rear. The fear of the so-called religious vote has prevented a majority in the Massachusetts leg-islature from bringing the Sunday restrictive laws more nearly into conformity with the practises, and possibly wishes, of much the  larger part of our people; but because there is for this reason a species of political tyranny exercised in the matter of maintaining archaic regulations, a popular rebuke is administered by acting in rationally unobjectionable matters as if such restrictions did not exist. And so it is because of a species of political tyranny exercised by a religious minority that the restrictions of, the archaic Sunday laws are retained, and which makes it necessary for civil offi-cials from time to time to make ridiculous interpretations and constructions in order to free the people in some degree from the restrictions of a religious statute. It is a pity that the Sunday laws themselves laave not passed away with the spirit and public opinion which caused their original enactment. When it becomes proper to act as if certain restrictions did not exist, it is time such restrictions did not exist. But, unfortunately, the fact is that the spirit and public opinion which caused the enactment of Sunday laws originally is still very much alive in some quarters, and seems to be gaining strength in these days. O It is not the opponents but the advo-cates of sumptuary and unenforceable laws who are promoters of disrespect for law. 