THE GOVERNMENT AND THE VATICAN AGAIN 353 ties after they had once been confiscated? If the Pope, after being notified of the situation, does not care enough about the matter to send representatives to look after his interests and to represent him where the governing authority should do business, then he should be left to suffer the consequences ; the lands should be taken possession of without his as-sistance. But we do not believe the Pope has any legal title whatever in this property. He comes into this matter only by virtue of the fact that he is the ecclesiastical superior of the friarsŠthe ecclesiastical, and not the legal, head of the corpora-tions which claim the lands. With him in this capacity the Government can properly have nothing to do. Yet it is evident that it is exactly in this capacity and no other that the Government is to deal with hint in this matter. And to do this is simply for the American Gov-ernment to recognize and treat him as PopeŠas "the Sovereign Pontiff," in-deed. The Independent and other prom-inent journals may regard this as very proper and very businesslike, but it will be a long time before they will be able to harmonize it with the honest principle of separation of church and state. And so it "would be impossible and quite inconsistent with our definite policy of a separation of church and state" to establish .a permanent legation at the Vat-ican ! Now; honestly, wherein would it be inconsistent and why is it imnossible ? There is not a particle of difference in principle between the sending of this tem-porary commission and the establish-ment df a permanent legation, and if the "impossible" and the inconsistent can be done in the one case it can be done with equally as much ease in the other. All that is needful is for the "necessity" to arise. We are learning in these days that things which are "impossible" and  are inconsistent with fundamental prin-ciples are the things that are most likely to come to pass. If the idea were less prevalent that what is being done must be done, and that what should not be done just can't be done, there would be more probability of the proper and consistent thing being done. The idea that there can be no departure from re-publicanism because this is a Republic, and that there can be no violation of the principle of separation of church and state because that is "our definite policy," are two of a kind, and both of them are too silly for consideration. Rome is no doubt "on good terms with the United States," and she will no doubt stay on good terms with the Government so long as the present drift of things con-tinues. She should not be on any sort of terms with the Government, however, either good or bad, for this implies rela-tions and negotiations between the two on a common basisŠthe recognition of the one by the other as a proper power with which to deal. It may be that Rome wants "good government in the Philip-pines, and religious peace," but it is cer-tain that she is not putting forth now, and never has, any prodigious efforts to bring it about. If she is so anxious on this point and has so much power in the matter in which is involved one of the greatest difficulties, why is it that she so calmly and patiently waits for a commis-sion to be sent to negotiate with her in her lair, instead of sending her represen-tatives to the seat of the difficulty ? The confession that a commission must be sent to Rome because she "is able to control the religious orders and require them to do what is wise," is a confession that the United States is unable to gov-ern the Philippines without the help of Rome. It is a distinct avowal that the United States is not sovereign in the Philippines, but that the sovereignty is 