) THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. _ u,14, F___,ATINEL' OF * L TT)  [I, .Q- 'many hear bakers ant / largibifel r-issoŁ Cadet  won my wards and CHICAGO, AUGUST 23, 1900. Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE only crown the world offers to Christ is a crown of thorns. THE Constitution was the natural and logical result of the Declaration. It is therefore natural and logical that the scoffs and sneers at the Declara-tion which have been heard in this country for some time should be followed by repudiation of the Con-stitution. THE Boston Herald calls attention to the extra-ordinary financial successes of the legal profession of the day in corporation practice, and then notes the fact mentioned by Tacitus, that the Roman law-yers in many cases acquired great fortunes at a time when the methods by which they were secured "were slowly but surely bringing about the degen-eracy of society, the paralyzation of industry, complete loss of political liberty and the partial ex-tinguishment of civilization." The inference is not far to seek. THE claim that the national Constitution recog-nizes Sunday by the words " Sundays excepted," where it provides that the President shall have ten days in which to return bills passed by Congress, is a claim that is made much of, but nevertheless it amounts to nothing. The Constitution does not recognize Sunday. It does not recognize the day, it recognizes a right--the right of the President to abstain from business on the day he believes in and observes as sacred. The Constitution says that ten days shall be allotted the President to consider a bill that comes to him from Congress for his signa-ture or veto before such bill shall become a law of its own force. Unless Sundays were excepted from these ten days, either the President would be ob-liged to work as usual on Sunday or a less number  of days would be allotted to the consideration of the bill. This is why the Constitution contains the words in question. The object of the phrase is to secure ten days for the consideration of bills by the President without obliging him to work on Sunday. It recognizes his right to observe the day, but does not recognize the day itself at all any more than legislation exempting the Turkish ambassador from official business on Friday would be a recognition of that day in the character claimed for it by Mo-hammedans. The Constitution is wholly a secular document. " THE United States is [are] the great armed neu-tral of the world," says Senator Davis, of Minnesota. " It will have peace, not as the boon of a suppliant non-combatant, but as the right of a peace-loving, armored, pussiant nation whose rights are secured by its manifest ability to cause other nations to re-spect them." This is only another way of saying that this na-tion will have peace even if it has to fight for it, and this position is one that always calls for plenty of fighting. THOSE MAPS. WE told you that our limited supply of the triple map of Asia would soon be exhausted, and it was so; but when the maps were gone the orders still came, and we therefore ordered a new and larger supply. Our patrons speak highly of this useful map, which is so valuable for ready reference just now. Re-member the price is only 15 cents, safely encased in a mailing tube, post-free. If you do not remember what is included in this map consult our descriptive advertisement in this issue. EXAMINE THE LABEL. THE yellow label on your paper indicates the date on which your subscription expires. Please examine it closely, and if it reads ‚...19 you should forward your renewal without delay in order to avoid the loss of any papers. Please also bear in mind that even though your subscription may not expire till next month or in October or November it will be safe to renew your subscription now, and by so doing secure our map of Asia at once. We send it post-free to old subscribers who advance their subscription one year by the payment of one dollar. See description of map elsewhere, and if you desire it, act immediately on this suggestion. 