EDITORIAL 629 7T 5ozouvisil ataLszym Luiti3ZR717 Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not periodical of abstractions and speculation, but it is a live magazine which discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Post-office. (See close of reading matter for terms o subscription, etc.) We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil government to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individval to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of lib-erty, which is theirs by virtue of the un-bounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. VOL. 17. SEPTEMBER, 1902. No. to The only way to truly reform a nation is to reform the individuals of which it is composed. Ł The use of force as a means of accom-plishing moral reformation is as futile as it is wrong. It cannot go far enough and deep enough, and the farther and deeper it goes the farther it is from accomplishing any such object. Self-government is an individual fac-ulty. Apart from the individual it means nothing. Ł The best government is that which af-fords the best opportunities for individ-ual development. National decay and ruin cannot come to the nation in which individual integ-rity is preserved. The Papacy is a great stickler for the freedom of "the Church." For the free-dom of the individual and of conscience she cares nothing. The law may properly take cognizance of disturbance of the peace on the Sab-bath day, but not of disturbance of the peace of the Sabbath day. A good way to develop and stimulate the faculty for self-government in others is to treat them as if they were capable of governing themselves. v Coercion is not a force in the sphere of moral and spiritual things, and it can but defeat its own end and accomplish much mischief when it attempts to be. Self-government must spring from within. That conduct which has not its motive, power and principle within may be a passable counterfeit, but it is not self-government. When force can inspire love then will legislation be able to produce moral ref-ormation. Love and not fear is the in-spiration to true moral conduct and righteous living. Jesus Christ died not to save men by governments, or by nations, or en masse in any other way, but as individuals ; 