6o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY immediate predecessors, in hoarding vast treasures, Alexander V. plunged to the other extreme, and gave everything away. He declared that as a bishop he had been rich, as a cardinal he had been poor, and as pope he would be a beggar. " On the very day of his enthronement his grants were so lavish as to justify, if not to give rise to, the rumor that the cardinals, on entering the conclave, had made a vow that whosoever should be elected would grant to the households of his brother  cardinals the utmost of their demands.-Alexander V. put himself under the care of his favorite, Balthasar Cossa, cardi-nal-legate of Bologna. He went with the cardinal to the city of Bologna; and there he died May 3, 141o. The cardi-nals had gone to Bologna with Pope Al-exander. The twenty-four cardinals unanimously elected as the successor of Alexander V. Balthasar Cossa, who took the papal name of John XXIII. (May 25, 141o, to June 14, 1419). TheŁ committee on Sunday observance of the Rock River Methodist Conference of Illinois, in its report to the conference in session in Chicago on October 14, " denounced Methodist laymen who re-quire their workmen to labor on the first day of the week ; called upon Methodist families to refrain from patronizing tradesmen who keep their shops open on the morning of Sunday; decried the prac-tise of riding to and from Sunday camp-meetings and picnics, and advised against the holding of such picnics ; and de-nounced political gatherings on Sunday." It was reported that half a dozen members of the conference objected to the report. One member asked : " If it is wrong to go to a political meeting on Sunday, why is it not wrong to attend an Epworth League rally on the Lord's day? " This question would have been especially perti-nent with reference to an Epworth League rally in the interests of Sunday legislation and enforcement. Another member inquired if the term political gatherings was intended to include pro-hibition meetings, and Bishop Merrill, who was in the chair, replied : " The Pro-hibition Party is as much a political party as the others. If it is wicked to attend the one it is wicked to attend the other." The bishop might also have said that or-ganizations of clergymen and church people that are devoted to such a cause as Sunday legislation and enforcement,  which clergymen themselves are the quickest to declare is not a religious but a " civil " matter, are, if this declaration of clergymen be true, as much political parties as any others, and that if it is wicked to attend the gatherings of politi-cal parties on Sunday, it is also wicked to attend the gatherings of religious people on Sunday in the interests of Sun-day enforcement. That is a peculiar moral code which forbids attendance upon the gatherings of political parties on Sun-day, but which does not forbid attendance upon the meetings held by clergymen and church people on Sunday in the interests of a plainly political end. But this is evi-dently the sort of moral code that many clergymen and church people believe in. Without regard to whether it be religious or " civil," Sunday legislation and en-forcement is a political end. Whenever clergymen and church people declare that it is not religious in any sense, but wholly " civil," they simply declare that they have no excuse whatever for supposing it to be anything else than political. Continued from page 56. studies " provided for them by the theo-logians, then the Government would have to compel them to do it. It will be well, however, not to wait until things reach that stage before calling a halt on this sort of thing. 