EDITORIAL 83 against all union precedent and prin-ciple " ; that " the question of keeping open on Sunday or not is very small as compared with the matter of prices and wages," and that he does not understand upon what union principle he, a strong union man who has always upheld prices and wages, is outlawed because he opens his shop on Sunday, and " cut-rate shops " are endorsed by the union and classed as " fair " simply because they close on Sunday. This incident is indic-ative of the trend of things in the world of unionism with respect to the matter of compulsory Sunday rest. O A " freethought " exchange asks some very pertinent questions in commenting on the dismissal in the superior court at Cambridge, Mass., of the appealed case of Mr. W. T. Gibson, the Seventh-day Adventist who had been tried and sen-tenced to pay a fine in a lower court for working on Sunday. The district attor-ney had the case dismissed because Mr. Gibson was a seventh-day observer. Our exchange says: Is a man legally bound to keep one day of the week sacred? Suppose Mr. Gibson had been a Freethinker and did not believe any day holy, would he .have been held guiltless? Not a bit of it. And this is of course the truth ; although Mr. Gibson steadfastly refused to plead in his defense that he was a seventh-day observer. Yes, it is true that in Massa-chusetts, as in many other States, " a man is legally bound to keep one day of the week sacred "Šthat is, if he does not observe the " Lord's day " according to the law he must " conscientiously be-lieve that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath," and must " actually refrain from secular business and labor on that day." The law takes no account of persons that do " not believe any day holy "; they must  observe Sunday or suffer the penalty. And therein is exhibited very conspicu-ously the intolerant and unrighteous char-acter of the law. Officials of the Canadian " Lord's Day " Alliance have found that it is some-times necessary for members of the militia who are conscientious Sunday ob-servers " to choose between violating their conscientious convictions and dis-obeying the orders of their military supe-riors," and have called upon the Minister of Militia to remedy the matter. At the same time demands looking toward more strict enforcement of Sunday observance throughout the country were made. It would seem that it should occur to these clergymen in connection with their re-quest that consideration be shown the conscientious convictions of members of the militia in the matter of Sunday ob-servance, that there are other people be-sides Sunday observers who have con-scientious convictions, and that it is barely possible that the enforcement of Sunday observance will cause them to be placed in a position every bit as bad as that in which conscientious Sunday-observing militiamen may have been placed. There are people in Canada whose conscientious convictions require them to observe the seventh day of the week and not to ob-serve the first day, and there are multi-tudes whose honest, conscientious convic-tions do not require them to observe any special day as the " Lord's day " or Sab-bath. To compel any of these to observe Sunday is of course to trample upon their conscientious convictions in the matter. And yet the officials of the " Lord's Day " Alliance are constantly demanding strict Sunday enforcement upon all classes of the people ; and not only with-out any protest from them, but with their active approval, have seventh-day observ-ers been prosecuted and punished in 