7a70eozoeil 00 CffilRISTMIV 1,LIDERIY VOL. XVII I NEW YORK, THURSDAY, MARCH 19, 1903 No. 12     " A day of great intellectual darkness has been shown to be favorable for the success of popery. It will yet be dem-onstrated that a day of great intellectual light is equally favorable for its success:" O " The exercise of force is contrary to the principles of God's government ; He desires only the service of love ; and love cannot be commanded ; it cannot bg won by force or authority. Only by love is love awakened." " There cannot possibly be any fair de-nying that the whole course of the Pa-pacy is the display of sheer selfishnessŠselfishness supreme, and self-exaltation absolute. But Christianity is the direct and extreme opposite of selfishness. It is the complete emptying of self. It is self-renunciation absolute." Ł " The mystery of iniquity is the Pa-pacy; the mystery of God is Christianity. Christianity is self-renunciation ; the Pa-pacy is self-exaltation. The spirit of Christianity is the spirit of humility and self-renunciation ; the spirit of the Papacy is pride and self-exaltation. Christianity is the incarnation of Christ; the Papacy is the incarnation of Satan." Strictly speaking, a Protestant is a protester against the Papacy. Strictly speaking, there are not a great many Protestants in these days, and their  number is becoming less all the time. But there are many " Protestants " who are patronizers and admirers of and apol-ogizers for Rome, and their number is becoming greater all the time. By knowing what the Papacy was in theory and principle in former times, we know what she is in theory and principle to-day; for it is her own boast, in har-mony with her claim of infallibility, that she never changes. And by knowing what the Papacy did in former times, we know what she will do to-day and in the future if she has the same opportunity. While the Papacy has greatly cor-rupted the doctrines of Christianity, it is not in this that she is most anti-Chris-tian. He who looks at Christianity and then at the Papacy sees in the spirit of the two the great contrast. It is in her passion for power and dominion, her pride and arrogance, that the Papacy has most strikingly shown her utter antag-onism to Christianity. Her most pal-pable and enormous corruption of that religion is that in her hands it became an instrument for dominion and oppres-sion. She has made it an instrument for ruling instead of serving; an instrument for her own exaltation instead of for the elevation of the race. Ł The basal claim of the Papacy, the key-stone of the popedom in all ages, the 