SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  131 aroused the opposition of the Protestant Ministerial Association of Montreal, which was soon joined by representa-tives of the "Lord's Day" Alliance and the Evangelical Alliance, and at once these forces began a vigorous campaign to defeat the amendment measure. Pe-titions protesting against the amendment were prepared and were placed in all the churches, and were circulated among business men ; the ministers preached to their congregations on the subject, and a committee which had been appointed for the purpose sceured the cooperation of the Anglican Archbishop Bond and the Roman Catholic Archbishop Bru-chesi. A deputation headed by the presi-dent of the Ministerial Association wait-ed on the mayor to secure postponement of action until the petitions could be cir-culated. When the petitions had been signed by some 4,000 people and the ministers had secured the cooperation of the Board of Trade and the Montreal Grocers' Association, a large deputation consisting of representatives of all the organizations mentioned waited upon the mayor with their petitions and resolu- tions of protest, and demanded in addi-tion to the withdrawal of the amendment, that there be strict enforcement of the Sunday law hereafter. The mayor had received personal letters to the same ef-fect from Archbishops Bond and Bru-chesi, and he declared that the objection-able amendment would be withdrawn and that he would at once notify all Sunday traders that after the 1st of May all Sunday trading must stop. A citizens' mass-meeting was appointed by the min-isters for January 7, the object of which is "to promote the better observance of the Sabbath and the enforcement of the city's by-law on the subject." Thus even in staid and quiet Canada the tendency is toward more strict enforcement of Sunday observance. One of the minis-ters expatiated on the great virtues of the "British Sunday." This is of course the institution that is known in this country as the "American Sunday." It is the same religious day and institution in all countries, and will appear as British, American or anything else in order to gain the support of law. The House We Live In 0 r The Making k iBnog De HOUSE WE LIVE IN Body y   A story of the body-hrifise told for children, but of interest and profit to grown-up folk$ as well. It compares the body and its different organs with a house and its different parts. For example:Ñ A telephone system  illustrates the nerves The kitchen  "  the stomach A pumping-engine  "  the heart A bath-room shows the work of the lungs A music-room  illustrates the voice A gentle nurse  "  sleep The house-breaker or burglar  "  tobacco The murderer  "  alcohol It is all told in a story by Mother to her three children, and while it does not so much as mention physiology by name, it 2.  teaches it clearly and accurately. PRICE 76 CENTS. Fully illustrated, 218 pages, attractively bound in durable cloth. II West 20th Street, New York C. ¥ Pacific Press Publishing Company, Oakland, Cal.  Kansas City, Mo. 