THE SUNDAY-LAW QUESTION IN FLORIDA AGAIN 329 Another Contribution.  to the Discussion All the contributions to the discussion of this Sunday-law question in Jackson-ville have not been of the same character as the one we have reviewed. Mr. Chas. P. Whitford, a friend of religious liberty and of THE SENTINEL, who is located in Jacksonville at present, has written sev-eral contributions on the subject for the papers, and in conclusion we present some matter by him that was published in the Times-Union of May io under the head-ing, " The Sunday-Law Question " : While I am an earnest advocate of every-thing that tends to promote the spiritual and moral welfare of humanity, I deprecate all coercive legislation in the matter of Sabbath observance as violative of the spirit of the Constitution of the United States. Since it has been declared that Congress shall make no laws respecting an establishment of relig-ion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, it is the constitutional right of every man to keep the Sabbath, or not to keep the Sabbath, without legislative interdiction or interference. In harmony with the Constitution Jesus said : " Render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God's the things that are God's." Surely there is a separation between what is God's and that which is due to the StateŠthat which is God's is not to be ren-dered to the city of Jacksonville, or to the State of Florida, or to the United States, but to God. Sabbath observance pertains to the Lord, because the Sabbath is the Lord's. " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord." (EL 20: I0.) This is what the Lord himself has said, and since " God is not a man that he should lie" it certainly must be true that the Sabbath is the Lord's. Therefore the Sabbath does not belong to any individual, neither does the Sabbath belong to the State, nor to the United States ; but it belongs to the Lord. Since it is true that the Sabbath is the Lord's, it must be true that if Sabbath observ-ance is rendered at all, it must be rendered to the One to whom it belongs. It could not possibly be rendered to the State of Florida; and for the State of Florida to require Sab-bath observance is for it to put itself in the place of God and to exact that which belongs only to God; and for men to render Sabbath  observance in obedience 'to laws made and enforced by the State is for them to put the State in the place of God. It is a recognition of the State rather than a recognition of the Creator. But it is written: "Thou shalt have no other gods before me." The observance of the Sabbath should be left to the persuasive influence of the church. (2 Cor. $: 18, 2o.) Asking the State to come to the rescue is a confession of weakness on the part of the church. " The gospel [not the civil law] is the power of God unto salvation." (Rom. 1:16.) When ministers and churches seek for Sab-bath laws and their enforcement by the State it is a confession that they have disconnected themselves from "the gospel which is the power of God," else why should they seek for the power of the State to enforce the Sabbath which belongs only to God? Do not these churches and ministers know that they are confessing before the people of the world that there is not sufficient power in the gospel to lead people to the proper observance of the Sabbath? The idea of enforcing Christian observances and morality by legal enactment smacks too much of a policy that has been tried in other ages and other lands with results which should be far from encouraging to us. The inevitable end of the introduction of religious questions into legislation has always been religious persecution. Whenever any law en-forcing any religious observance is placed upon the statute books, however good may be the motives of those who make or pass the law, it will he taken advantage of by religious bigots to oppress conscientious people who are not in harmony with it. The religious persecution of the Dark Ages began by legislating on religious questions. Overzealous religionists believed that relig-ious legislation was necessary to protect and advance the cause of Christ. They argued, just as people do now-a-days, that "God's will ought to be made the law of the land." But it was " God's will " as interpreted and enforced by the majority that put to death the early Christians, as well as the untold millions of the Dark Ages. We believe in the right of all people to worship or not to worship according to the dictates of their own consciences; and in opposing religious legislation we are advocat-ing the rights of conscience of and for all the 