286 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. thing smacking of the devotee. . . . I tell you frankly those feats which we have accomplished in Vienna have been effected less in the church than in the public-house. . . . The main point is con-fession. If a man has confessed well, he will pray a little, and then, he is gay and jolly.' Father Abel then went on to describe the nature and extent of the suc-cesses which he obtained by this up-to-date method. In Mariazell he once got one hundred and five men to confess to him at a single .sitting, sinners whose conf es-sionless years amounted together to eighteen hundred ! A second address to the same hearers was begun by Father Abel with the comforting assurance that he would keep them but a very short time so that they might soon get back again to their glas4 of beer ! In this simple way is theŁ great conversion trick per-formed !" In conclusion, Sairt-Genix says: "The Roman Catholic Church has uegenerated in France, and be-come a bloodsucking vampire of a kind probably un-matched in history. It keeps tens of thousands in in-tellectual thraldom and material poverty, that its own ministers may wax fat. And it is on account of these and similar practises that French Liberals are now vio-lently and vainly agitating to bring about the expulsion of the congregations which have organized and are directing the movement." And what is true of France is true in varying de-grees of every country in the world. Nor is Rome the only offender against the rights of mankind. Every false and every apostate religious system is helping to enslave not only the souls, but the bodies of men. Only the genuine religion of the Lord Jesus ChristŠthe religion described by the Apostle JamesŠgives lib-erty to anybody : "Pure and undefiled religion before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and the widows in their affliction, and to keep himself un-spotted from the world." Politico-commercial reli- gion, full of scheming, wire-pulling and selfishness, can only rivet the shackles the more firmly upon the wrists and ankles of poor fallen humanity. B.  ject recognize the fact that no permanent relief could be secured by turning the government over to any party, however high its profession. Calling a thing Christian does not make it so ; and it matters not how honest Mr. Swallow and those who are associated with him in this movement may be ; just as soon as success might appear probable all the political tricksters in the country from both the old parties would be prompt to secure for themselves front seats in the new organiza-tion, carrying with them all the corruption from which the people are seeking relief. The organization of the "Christian party" and the nomination of a presidential candidate is simply an-other step in the direction of practical national reform in this country, which means simply, union of church and state. We do not mean to be understood as main-taining that men should not be honest in political life. We mean simply thisŠthat men who are honest will be honest wherever they are placed, and under what-ever name they may be called ; but it will not make a man honest to make him a member of a "Christian party," any more than it makes a man honest to make him a member of the church. It will simply give dis-honest men a chance to masquerade as Christians po-litically. In other words, as hypocrites. The organization of this new party is, to say the least, significant. It is not likely that it will cut any great figure in the coming campaign ; but, unless we are much mistaken, we have not seen the end of this movement. It will be heard of again, and may prove to be an important factor in politics in the not distant future. 13. Triu LEGAL  8UNIDAY  By the late Mr. Swallow, the presidential candidate of the self-styled "Christian party," seems to be an ideal leader. In 1898, he was the Prohibition candidate for governor Of Pennsylvania, and received 125,746 votes, or 12.61 per cent of all the votes cast for governor. The Pro-hibition candidate for State treasurer polled only 18,-072 votes, or 2.28 per cent of the entire vote at the 'same election. This shows that it was the man and not the party that commanded the confidence of the people. Mr. Swallow is known as a "heroic fighter of political wickedness," and to this fact is due his popu-larity in Pennsylvania. Of course those who have made a study of the sub- JAMES T. RINGGOLD of the Baltimore Bar This is one of the most faithful and interesting histories of the American Sabbath ever written. 256 pages. Enameled covers. Price 25 cents. International Religious Liberty Bss'n. 324 Dearborn Street, - ebicago, 