DR. SAVAGE ON THE SABBATH AND SUNDAY QUESTION 285 enforcing and regulating the observance of Sunday should be as scarce as is the idea that the earth is flat, or that it rests upon the shoulders of a man who stands upon a turtle's back. So far as the social and political phases of the Sunday question are concerned the above points are of most importance, and on these points we are heartily in accord with Dr. Savage. But there are other ideas presented by him in this connec-tion from which we differ, and we will briefly give them here. Dr. Savage holds that the week sprang out of planet-worship, when men knew of only seven planets, and that the weekly rest day did not originate as described in the Bible, but "is thousands of years older than the Hebrew nation, let alone the date of the composition of the Bibli-cal books." He says that in the Bible "there are two accounts of the setting apart of the seventh day as a day of rest" Š"the traditional one, with which most people are familiar, that God created the universe in six days and rested the sev-enth, and so set that apart ;" and the ac-count in Deuteronomy which "says that the seventh day was set apart as a me-morial of the deliverance of the children of Israel out of Egypt." He thinks that both these accounts cannot be true, but "are two irreconcilable contradictions." But he raises no question as to the sev-enth day of the week, as we now have it, being the day referred to in both ac-counts. He raises no question whatever as to the integrity of the week itself, but speaks of it as though it were now what it always has been, which is no doubt the truth. As to how far back the week can be traced in the line of what he regards as its true and original source, that of planet-worship, he says : "At least to the AccadiansŠa people who occupied the valley of the Euphrates before the city of Babylon was founded." There can be no doubt that from the very earliest times of which we have knowledge, aside from the Bible, that the week and its days have been associated with planet-worship, and that in that way the days received the names by which they are now called. In nearly all pagan nations each day of the week has been as-sociated with the worship of some special deity. But we see nothing in this incon-sistent with the account given in the Bible of the institution of the week. It may have been that a long time before the week and the Sabbath became identified with the Hebrew nation that "the Acca-diansŠa people who occupied the valley of the Euphrates before the city of Baby-lon was founded"Šand other people as well, possessed a knowledge of and ob-served the week, and that among them "on Saturn's day everything was ta-booed," and "the king in those far off times was not even permitted to change his royal robes on that day." All this may have been, and yet it does not seem to us to contravene the account in Genesis. Neither Dr. Savage nor anyone else offers any information concerning the week and the weekly rest day anterior to the "tra-ditional" account in Genesis ; and inas-much as we are plainly told that as men multiplied on the earth they departed from God and gave themselves up to idolatry, what more natural than that they should have retained the week and that they should have perverted to the uses of idolatry that which had been es-tablished by the Creator of all things as the memorial of Him beside whom there is no God? Is there anything strange or inconsistent with the Bible that in the na-tions of those and succeeding times a 'weekly holiday or festival was observed? To us this fact does not argue against the account of the divine institution of the week. On the contrary, as the universal prevalence of the idea of God, though ter- 