236 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY meant that this party demands the aban-donment of legally enforced Sabbath (Sunday) observance. This is some--.fling that every political party should abandon, and so far as we know there is no political party that has identified it-self with such enforcement, unless it is the National Prohibition Party and the Republican Party in New York State. Political parties as a general rule rest "on a strictly secular basis," and there is no other proper basis for them to rest upon. The Papacy in the Philippines The Papacy has strong expectations that she will yet be able to secure the teaching of the Catholic religion in the public schools of the Philippines, as was the case when Spain ruled the islands. The correspondent of the Catholic Stand-ard and Times, Philadelphia, writes from Rome of an interview with the Arch-bishop of Manila, in which the arch-bishop expressed himself regarding some of "the stock arguments of Cath-olic critics," and added "one testimony the more to the general accord existing between the American.Government and the Apostolic See." When asked as to the truth of the report of a lack of accord in "the matter of the system of education established by the American authori-ties," he said : Well, in this respect it is partly true. The exclusion of religion from education, frankly, does not please the Philippine Catholics, but nothing is being done by the Government to uproot Catholicism in the archipelago. The system you refer to is the neutral educational system of the United States, and not that of the hostile school. Of course, the Filipino, being accustomed to see religious instruction given in the schools, is displeased with the new system on this account. But I think that the matter can be remedied. The correspondent 'hastens to explain that Mgr. Nozaleda de Villa "meant that the remedy could be supplied from with-out, that is, from Catholic energy supply-ing the needs left unsatisfied by state schools," but the statements which fol-low show that it was not meant nor ex-pected that this sort of a remedy shall be anything but a temporary expedient: He assented to my opinion that the Ameri-can Government might perhaps eventually come to regard the matter in a more favor-able light. He showed himself surprisingly well informedŠif I may so speakŠon this point, and this ,made clear to me that the mat-ter had been well threshed out at the Vatican in the course of the negotiations between the Holy See and the American administration. He spoke in the most friendly way of the administration; this is his wont ; kindly by nature, the archbishop seems to have no arriere pensee against things, ideas or persons American. But he made it manifest that the Church cherishes no illusions about the Ł Philippine school question and that it is re-solved to act promptly and practically on be-half of the religious side of education. (Italics supplied.) It is plainly evident that "the general accord existing between the American Government and the Apostolic-  See," in this matter of the inculcation of the.  Catholic religion in public schools, rests on the confident anticipation that the American Government will eventually yield to the demands of "the Apostolic See." The archbishop denied that "there was any longer a question of the confiscation of ecclesialtical property." This proba-bly means that the Papacy is willing to accept a huge sum of money for her land holdings, as will no doubt be the case if she is paid for them, as has been recom-mended by the Secretary of War. It was also stated that "an American element would be introduced into the clergy and hierarchy, but in a greater or smaller de- 