EDITORIAL 5 and the " enforcement of law," because her work is of such a character that it really cannot be done in that way. When she adopts this method of working she is in extreme danger of ceasing entirely to do what is her own proper work. This is why THE SENTINEL iS not in sympathy -with such organizations as the Wisconsin Federation of Reforms," the late an-nual meeting of which is reported else-where. But we can say that so far as we know, with the exception of Sunday enforcement, all its reforms are in them-selves to be heartily commended. In giving attention to the liquor traffic and its associated evils, and to the agencies that are corrupting the young, this or-ganization is addressing itself to real, genuine evils, and while we may question the propriety and efficacy of some of its methods, we are glad to say that in aim-ing to lessen and abolish these evils it is aiming at something that is most excel-lent and praiseworthy. Ł Some weeks ago there appeared in the newspapers reports concerning the case of Mr. Wm. L. Quackenbush, who, after more than twenty-five years' service as clerk in the office of the Appraiser of the port of New York, was, on November 1, dismissed from the service because he would not report for duty on the seventh day of the week, he having become a seventh-day observer. About the same time reports came from Washington of persons employed in departments there 'being transferred or dismissed for the same reason, and more recently it was reported that the wages of a number of employees in the Treasury Department had been reduced, and that it was very likely that they would be dismissed, for the same cause. This, of course, brings quite a hardship upon these seventh-day observers on account of (heir religion, but it does not appear to us that there is  necessarily anything like persecution in such cases. The appraiser in New York said with reference to the dismissal of Mr. Quackenbush that " he was not dis-missed because he was a believer in Seventh-day Adventism, but because he refused to work, and we had to have some one who would work." Where this is the sincere attitude of those having charge of the work, we suppose it is only proper that the seventh-day observer should be replaced by some one who will work on the seventh day. Where his observance of the seventh day prevents his services from being satisfactory to those to whom they are rendered, the sev-enth-day observer cannot, of course, in-sist that he shall be retained. This seems to be one of the unavoidable hardships that he must suffer on account of his peculiar (as compared with the world in general) custom of Sabbath observance. But in the case of Mr. Quackenbush the dismissal appears to have been hardly necessary, for although he had been ac-customed to remaining away from his desk on the seventh day for some time preceding his dismissal, his work was kept up in good shape, and the appraiser in speaking of his services said : " His work is clerical, and for years he has done it well and attended strictly to busi-ness, losing very little time from the of-fice." Mr. Quackenbush is about sixty years old, so that the loss of his position is especially unfortunate. The fact that there is no escape for seventh-day ob-servers from more or less hardship in business and in securing employment be-cause of their different practise from the world in general in the matter of Sabbath observance, emphasizes the utter injustice and iniquity of legislation whereby they are restricted in, and even prohibited from, laboring on the first day of the week, which is to them one of the six days that they have for earning a liveli-hood. 