ANGLO-SAXON ATROCITIES 407 death ended their agonies. And by or-der of a brigadier-general of the regular army what is appropriately termed the "howling-wilderness policy" was pro-claimed for a territory as large as the State of New York and populated by up-wards of two hundred thousand people. The order of this general to his subordi-nate, with reference to this territory and to these people, was "to kill and burn ;" that the more he killed and burned the better pleased he (the general) would be; that it was "no time to take prisoners," but to "make Samar a howling wilder-ness." Asked as to the age limit for kill-ing, he replied, "Everything over ten." Because of this order, the giving of which has not only been admitted, but avowed and defended in court, the subordinate was acquitted at a court-martial trial for having executed eleven natives without trial, some of them in the inhuman fash-ion we have mentioned, by being tied to trees and shot day after day. There is no reason to believe that the inhuman policy adopted by this general was unknown either to the military au-thorities in the Philippines or in this country. The general himself certainly made no effort to conceal it. Writing in the Manila Critic, February 1, he said that when he came to the island he found that the inhabitants "had been treated by both officers and men with such kind-ness as would be proper to civilized moral people," and that "little or nothing had been done, owing to a feeling of security and confidence which had been engen- dered by officers who love the 'little brown brother,' and imagined the natives were angels and only needed wings to make them perfect." How this intoler-able( ?) condition of affairs was quickly altered is plainly indicated by these statements : It did not take long before it was quite patent to any observer that only the "fire-and- sword" policy could succeed in bringing these people to understand that they must come un-der the absolute and complete control of the United States. . . . They obey the wishes, orders, and requirements of Lukban through fear, a feeling which we must instil into them by making "war hell." . . . The energetic hard work of those who have proper ideas of their duty to God and our country is rapidly putting the fear of the Lord into the blood-pumps of the misguided creatures, who, through fear and fanaticism, are opposing the best Government in the world. Much information as to how those "who have proper ideas of their duty to God and our country" went about it to put "the fear of the Lord into" those hapless people, has now come to light, and there will probably be more later on.. It is sufficient here to quote these sen-tences from a statement by a private sol-dier who was in this campaign : Just as soon as we reached our base in Sa-mar all the people were ordered into the town, and everybody found in the hills, man, woman or child, was to be killed. . . . We were ordered to get what information we could about the insurrectos, and to use the "water cure" to get it. All of us disliked to do it, but we had to under pain of severe penalty. And it has developed also that at the very time the Secretary of War was de-claring the unexampled humanity of the American army in the Philippines he had inŁ his possession a report from a civil governor of one of the provinces show-ing that in his province the attitude and conduct of the American soldiers to-wards the natives was that of insolence, brutality, and despotism generally, which he declared was fast destroying the friendly feeling which the natives origin-ally had, was engendering in them deep hatred toward all Americans, and "sow-ing the seeds for a perpetual revolution ;" and also another report from the civil authorities of another province, in which the reconcentration policy had been pursued, to the effect that the slaughter 