492  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY right, implanted by God and inviolable to man, of every people under heaven to earth's chief blessing for humanityÑthe blessing of self-government and national independence. . . . I refuse to believe that the American people will repudiate, either in their op-erations in the Old World or in the New, the principles of liberty, self-government, and national independence. . . . President McKinley voiced the senti-ments of the American people on this subject in a speech delivered in Chicago just after the close of the war. He pointed out that the war "was under-taken, not that the United States should increase its territory, but that oppression at our very doors should be stopped"; and in lofty accents he declared that our splendid victories "would be our eternal shame and not our everlasting glory if they led to the weakening of our original lofty purpose or to the desertion of the immortal principles on which the national Government is founded." These immortal principles are con-tained in the Declaration of Indepen-dence. That governments derive their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned is the substance and essence of them all. To violate this doctrine in our dealings with the Filipinos would, ac-cording to President McKinley, be our eternal shame. . . . Principles, we all agree, are everlast-ing. The American people will not re-peal the Declaration of Independence or expurgate the speech at Gettysburg. Washington and Jefferson and Lincoln beckon the nation forward in the old ¥ A petition has been presented to both houses of Congress asking for the imme-diate appointment of a committee from that body "to proceed at the earliest prac- paths of liberty and righteousness. In self-pride we may wander, but we will not desert the ancient ways. Our prin- ciples, as President McKinley ¥ so well said, lose none of their potency when transported to tropic seas. The Ameri-can people are longing for a leader to apply them in the Philippines. . . . For my own part, I can say that in all I have ever said or written about the political future of the Filipinos, I have been guided primarily by the ideals, as-pirations, and conditions of the Filipinos themselves. Some of my colleagues on the first Philippine Commission were, as is known from their writings, thorough imperialists. But I steadily refused to recom-mend the retention of the archipelago on the ¥ ground of advantage to the United States, first, because I always thought it would be a burden rather than a benefit (which is the view now also ex-pressed by Governor Taft), and, second-ly, because such a ground of American policy seemed to me a shameful violation of the principles of our own Government and a brutal outrage on 6,5oo,000 brother men and fellow-Christians in Luzon and the Visayas. . . . The fundamental and controlling fact in the Philippine sit-uation to-day is that these people have their heart set on national independence. We may stop the wagging of their tongues, but we cannot stop the work-ings of their hearts and minds. And why should we want to? It is all a tragic mis-take. Why deny the Filipinos the liberty. and independence we have all delighted to confer upon the Cubans ? ticable moment to the Philippine Archi-pelago, and there enter upon such an in-vestigation as will cause the people of the United States to feel assured that full 