SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. Synopsis:ŠArrests under Sunday laws: For common labor, 5;  for keeping open store and selling, 13; for barbering, 14; for ball playing, 4o; for conducting "worldly amusements," 1; for liquor selling, 22; total, 95. Persons fined: For common labor, 4; for keeping open store and selling, 9; for ball playing, 9; total, 22. Sunday enforcement agitations: Against open-ing of stores or shops and selling, 1o; against barbering, 5; against games and amusements, 12; general, 7; total, 34. Decision of New Jersey police justice that Sunday selling by mer-chants and shopkeepers at their usual places of business is no offense under the laws of the State, completely reversed by justice himself. One seventh-day observer tried and fined for common labor, and two others tried and fined for Sunday selling. One city ordinance passed prohibiting Sunday barbering. One special city election held on question of Sunday ball playing, resulting overwhelmingly in favor of the playing. Owing to limited time and space we report this month but little more than half the instances of Sunday agitations, arrests, etc., for which we have data on hand. The retail clerks' association of Orange, N. J., has caused the arrest and prosecution of three storekeepers of that place for Sunday selling. The clergymen of Park Rapids, Minn., have adopted "strong resolutions pro-testing against the tendency to desecrate the Sabbath by excursions,' picnics, sports, etc." Ł At the request of the barber's union the board of aldermen and board of su-pervisors of Denver, Col., have passed an ordinance prohibiting barbering -in that city on Sunday. The retail Meat Dealers' Protective Association, of Cincinnati, has com-menced an agitation for the closing of all meat markets and grocery stores in that city on Sundays. Ł It is reported from Negaugee, Mich., that Rev. C. M. Gilchriese has been "scoring several local enterprises for working on Sunday," and that "public sympathy is against him for his harsh measures, and a number of people have left his church." At Nashville, Tenn., on July 20, the members of the Nashville and Memphis baseball clubs were served with warrants by a deputy sheriff, charging them with playing ball on Sunday contrary to law. Sunday evening dances that have been held in Minneapolis, Minn., under the auspices of the Socialist Labor party, have been ordered discontinued by the police, as "no such events will be permit-ted on the Sabbath." The retail merchants' and grocers' of Houston, Tex., were recently reported to be engaged in an effort "to have the Sunday law enforced," and had called upon the ministers of the city to aid them in the matter. On complaint of agents of the jour-neymen barbers' union four warrants were issued by a Philadelphia magis-trate on July 22 for the arrest of barbers on the charge of "having worked on Sunday contrary to law." O The proprietor of a merry-go-round at Revere Beach, near Boston, was taken before the Chelsea police court on July 3o, charged with "violation of the Lord's 