EDITORIAL 229 iThe 5000061 OF CAYMAN 0.011202717 Set for the defense of human rights from the standpoint of Christianity. The only periodical in the United States wholly devoted to exposing and oppos-ing the increasing movements and tendencies of the present time which either directly aim at or logically tend to the employment of the power of law in the domain of conscience, in subversion of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Postoffice. (See close of reading matter for terms of subscription, etc.) DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil govern-ment, and submitting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on religious ques-tions. We believe it is the right and should be the privilege of every man to worship God according to the dictates of his own Ł conscience, or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to oppose and prevent religious legisla-tion, to the end that every individual may enjoy the inestimable blessings of libertj. VOL. 17. MARCH, 1902. No. 4. "Virtue and piety are the attributes of individuals; there is no such thing as cor-porate virtue and piety ;" and, therefore, no such thing as a Christian government. Human legislation cannot impart a di-vine sanction where none exists, and neither can it transform into a moral duty that which moral law does not re-quire. No civil government can be Christian : police duty is not Christian work. The people who are so much disturbed about the proposition for local option on the Sunday question are not disturbed at all about local enforcement of Sunday observance. The state has as much right to control the church as the church has to control the state; one is just as proper as the oth-er. Neither is Christian or American in the true sense. The position taken by the advocates of Sunday enforcement in New York State in the matter of local option with regard to Sunday enforcement would nullify all such local enforcement in California. Ł The most sovereign political power on earth is too local and circumscribed to deal with the matter of Sabbath observ-ance; and the smallest of political units is too sovereign, too alien a power, to control what the Creator of man and the Sabbath has left to the conscience of the individual. If the State of New York had no Sun-clay law, and the majority of the people of New York City were in favor of Sun-day enforcement, there would be no more enthusiastic champions of local option than those who now declare that the transference to the city of the power to legislate on this subject would result in "universal demoralization." The opening or closing of saloons is not all there is in the Sunday question by any means. That is merely a phase of it, and a very unfortunate phase at that. The Sunday question involves the deep-est and most far-reaching principles of freedom, and it is unfortunate that it has 