SENATOR HOAR ON 'SUNDAY LEGISLATIONÑA REVIEW 95 lain the observance of the Lord's day as a civil rest day and a day for religious uses." Notice how the "civil" part of this object is sandwiched into the religious part, which constitutes the real object. Can any one fail to see that this expres-sion, "a civil rest day," is employed be-cause of the effect it will have in pro-moting the real object of the organiza-tionÑthe securing of civil legislation in behalf of a religious institution? Can any one fail to see that this whole "civil rest day" idea is but the rest, the support, the basis upon which the teeter of en-forced religion, with the observance of "the Lord's day" at one end and "a day for religious uses" at the other, may be balanced, and thus be given the appear- ance of conforming to the general public sentiment which does not look with favor upon the bald enforcement of religion by law? The two ends of the teeter mean the same thing, and with the observance of "the Lord's day" at one end of the legislative plank and "a day for religious uses" at the other end, and the plank nicely balanced upon the "civic basis" that has been manufactured for it, it makes little difference which end is up or which is down, the religious institu-tion is always in the ascendency. This "civic basis" argument for Sunday legis-lation is a shrewd and skillful invention, but it will deceive no one who looks at the matter with his eyes open. While in Fresno, California, recently I learned of a movement in progress in that city for the Sunday closing of stores. It was being pushed by what was called the "Clerks' Unidn." It was a movement to have all stores closed on Sunday, "so that the clerks can have a day of rest." As the movement pro-gressed an additional feature came in; that was to induce the people to boy-cott every store that kept open on Sun-day. One man especially was not frightened by the threats. Those fight-ing on the "Sunday scheme" had a wagon rigged up to traverse the streets bearing a sign requesting the people not to trade with this man who kept his store open on Sunday. This did not have the effect that it was designed to have, for the man's trade was so much increased that some of the citizens said it would be "a good scheme for him to hire those people to keep that boycott wagon running all the time." Finally a citizens' meeting was called,  which was addressed by different per-sons. Some said the movement was not a religious one. From the legal pro-fession came the declaration that the movement was not a political one. Fi-nally the ministers of the town had their say. They stated that "as the movement was one to honor the Lord, the minis-ters could join in with it." As it was urged that not only the open Sunday store, but those who pat-ronized it, should be 'boycotted, some one raised the question as to whether this was "a movement for liberty or 'slavery; whether people had a right to trade where they pleased, or must be in bondage to other people's ideas." Strange it is that people have to re-sort to so many ways to dodge the real fact that Sunday laws and Sunday en-forcement is an attempt to bind the consciences of other people, and is out-side the sphere of civil laws and regula-tions. , J. N. Loughborough. 