SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 84! movement must be unanimous." This is the opinion that usually leads to the em-ployment of force in such movements. The Madison (S. Dak.) Outlook, of November 4, contained this item : "S. F. Ginder was adjudged guilty of breaking the Sunday-closing law in Squire Ball's court on Monday, paying in one case fine and costs amounting to $5.15, and in an-other $5.5o." "Complaint has been made to us about persons working on Sunday," said the Arthur (Ia.) Advertiser of October 24. "The parties who are thus committing a breach of the Sabbath are doubtless un-aware of the fact that they are, by so doing, breaking both the law of Iowa and the town ordinance." On October 7 two barbers were ar-raigned in the police court in Rochester, N. Y., "on charges of conducting their shops on Sunday." Both pleaded not guilty, and the cases were postponed. The arrests were due to the barbers' union, which was seeking to compel all barbers to close on Sunday. It is reported from Calumet, Mich., that two clergymen of that place, the pas-tor of the Calumet Methodist Church and the pastor of the Red Jacket Congre-gational Church, have visited the saloons of that city, "partly disguised, and col-lected evidence for the conviction of sev-eral saloon-keepers for keeping open on Sunday." Ł From Raleigh, N. C., it was reported late in September that a movement was on foot in that city "against the sale of soda fountain drinks and cigars on Sun-day," and that the board of aldermen was to be "requested to pass an ordinance  prohibiting such sales by druggists." The movement was being pushed by the clergymen of the city. A St. Paul, Minn., newspaper reported recently that "Sabbath observance was the subject of much vigorous discussion" at a meeting of the local presbytery that had just been held in the Merriam Park Presbyterian Church in that city, and that it was "likely that the pastors will make an effort to have a stricter observ-ance of the Sabbath enforced in St. Paul." :Ł According to a local paper some mer-chants of Waulon, Iowa, "who have been profiting somewhat by the respectful ob-servance of the day [Sunday] by other merchants," have been given a hint that they "must comply with the agreement of the merchants to keep their places of business closed on Sunday or take the consequences of the law governing Sab-bath observance." A recent meeting of the Young Peo-ple's Union of Salt Lake City, Utah, "was mostly taken up in the discussion of the Sunday closing of saloons." The text of discussion was an ordinance re-quiring the Sunday closing of saloons that had just been presented to the city council. The young people "were asked to use their rights as citizens and de-mand that the law be enforced." Henry Kirchner, a butcher of Newark, N. J., was arraigned in the first precinct police court in that city on September 25, charged with "selling meat on Sunday." He was paroled for trial on a date which the court was to determine later. At the instance of representatives of the bench-men's association Kirchner had been prosecuted on the same charge two weeks before, andlad been fined $2 and costs. 