THE "PROTECTION" OF DAYS 151 ly upon one day of the week. This is strange when we look at it simply from the standpoint of this idea, but it is not strange at all when we examine into the thing and find that this idea is simply a mask and a subterfuge for something else that it is not desired to make so prominent. Poor old Wednesday and other days of the week are left to floun-der in their helplessness and to take willingly or unwillingly whatever boons and buffets fate and fortune may bring them, while our friends who proclaim the doctrine of the "protection" of days by legislative enactment concentrate all their energies in efforts to "protect" Sunday. This seems like an unfair dis-crimination. And why is this ?ŠIt is because Sun-day is looked upon as being different from other days of the week ; because it is regarded as a day set apart by divine ariointment for the purposes of worship and religion. And here we are brought back to the inventionŠthe deviation from uprightnessŠwith which we be-gan. This clamor for the "protection" of Sunday, or for the "defense of the Lord's day" against "the encroachments of business and pleasure," as it is ex-pressed by a prominent Sunday-enforce-ment organization, is simply a manifes-tation of that monstrous invention "sought out" by men, that the things of God can be protected by, and need the protection of, human laws ; that moral and religious truths and principles are in extreme danger of total extinction unless they are incorporated into civil statutes and enforced upon the con-sciences of men by civil penalties ; that some men have such superior con-sciences that they are capable of inter-preting the will of the Almighty for the consciences of all other men, and thei e- fore should be allowed to use the power of government for the purpose of en-forcing upon men that interpretation. This brings us to another phase of this idea of the "protection" of a day which removes it from the domain of the ri-diculous and absurd and gives it a far more serious if not a more worthy and desirable aspect. We refer to the fact that this day, which it is claimed is s much in need of human protection, is the Lord's day, or is so regarded b' those who seek to "protect" it. These organizations which are working so dil-igently and persistently for the "pro-tection," "maintenance" and "defense" of a day, all declare that the day. that they have in mind is "the Lord's day." They declare that "the interests of the Lord of the Sabbath" demand this pro-tective legislation. Now the bare idea of the protection of a day by law is ab-solutely ridiculous, but when this day is the Lord's day, and this legislative pro-tection is demanded for it and is needed by it because it is the Lord's day, then the matter assumes too grave an aspect for us to characterize here. We may men-tion, however, that once upon a time there was a man who ventured to act upon a far less guilty presumption, it seems to us, with reference to something that belonged to God, and it is written that "the anger of the Lord was kindled against Uzzah, and God smote him there for his error; and there he died by the ark of God." And it is as true to-day as it was in the days when the ark was transferred from the house of Abinadab to that of Obededom that God is able to take care of His own. Let ministers, and all men, concern themselves less about the "preservation" and "protection" of days and more about the betterment of their fellow-men. 