"NATIONAL CHRISTIANITY" ON EXHIBITION 209 that it all has a practical bearing on the question of Sunday enforcement, whether it be considered from the stand-point of local option or otherwise. As we have shown, there is no essential dif-ference, so far as the true principle in the matter is concerned, between the po-sition of those who want local option and those who insist upon State control. Of course local option presents the bet-ter aspect, and, if Sunday observance were a proper subject for civil legis- lation, it certainly would be the most fair, just and sensible way to deal with the matter. But Sunday observance is not such a subject; it does not come within the proper sphere of civil legisla-tion. Hence, there is little choice between the two policies now discussed. The agi-tation affords an opportunity to call at-tention to the true principle that should govern in the matter, and that is what we have attempted to do in this article. "National Clyistianity" on Exhibition By W. N. Glenn OUR national Christianity" is to have a "suitable exhibit" at the Louis-iana Purchase Exhibition at St. Louis in 1904, under the auspices of the National Reform Association. It will be interest-ing to see how "our national Christian-ity" will suitably represent its death-dealing work in Cuba, Porto Rico, and the Philippines. It is well known that the professed Christian element took the lead in forcing President McKinley (against his better judgment) into the war with Spain. But for the "Christian" clamor, intensified by the Maine incident, there is little reason to suppose that the President would have yielded to the poli-tician's and the speculators. Even after the war he expressed confidence that he could have accomplished the ameliora-tion of the Cuban condition by means of diplomacy, and was on a fair way to a consummation of that purpose when forced into the war. The death of thousands of Americans, West Indians, and Filipinos, the dis-abling of thousands more, and the im-poverishment of other thousandsŠto say  nothing of the demoralization of many other tens of thousands by the excite-ment of war and the infusion of the war spirit among the people at largeŠis in great measure due to the influence of "our national Christianity." The Chris-tianity of Jesus Christ would never seize the property of a neighbor (even though forcibly acquired and unjustly held) un-der the pretense of furthering the interests of a third party, and then withhold and virtually appropriate the property. The Christianity of Jesus Christ never would encourage and assist in the devastation of even an enemy's property, and then take what was left to pay the expense. Only a national, po-litical, or otherwise merely nominal, Christianity could find pretext for such work. It is not difficult to see how a civil government, in its worldly capacity of conservator of the peace, in furtherance of its calling to protect men from the in-terference of marauders against their natural rights, may come in violent con-tact with evil men or oppressive nations. T.' 