596 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY " several undertakings " in which the " National Reform " Association " is earnestly engaged just now," and which it regards as " of special and urgent im-portance," is that of " the maintenance of the Bible in the public schools and in-sistence upon positive moral and religious training." This organization holds, and claims that " the Christian people of the United States maintain, that since this nation is a Christian nation, the schools of the nation, which are established to train her children for citizenship, ought also to be Christian." If an appeal sent out by this organization " to the churches everywhere " was heeded, last Sunday, September io, was widely observed by the Protestant element to which we have referred " as a day for prayer or public schools and for sermons on education." We are told that such observance of the day was recommended by " the General Assemblies of several leading churches, both North and South." This and other things make attention to this question especially appropriate just now, and so this number of THE SENTINEL is given up largely to some matter on this subject that we have desired to print for some time. Next week also much of the mat-ter will relate to this question. Mr. Thos. C. Hege, a seventh-day observer of Winston, N. C., sent us on September 7 this brief report of a recent Sunday-enforcement experience : I was arrested yesterday and tried to-day for selling fruit on Sunday. The door of my store was closed and the place quiet, so that no one could have been disturbed. I have lived in Winston since 1871, and know the mayor and all the policemen well. They like meŠbut that town law. The mayor said that if I had been ignorant of the law he would excuse me, but since I was not he would impose a fine of $i. The chief of police has given me two weeks' time in which to pay the fine and costs, amounting to $3.10, but I have not decided  that I will do so. It seems that I will be obliged to keep my place of business closed on Sunday. Of course every advocate of religious instruction by the state or at public ex-pense means instruction in his religion Šin the theology to which he holds, which his church teaches. Nobody would be more opposed than such a person to the proposition to teach religion which he regarded as false. The measure of his enthusiasm for having religion taught would be the measure of his zealous op-position to having false religion taught. The great trouble with the sort of people who have such ideas as that the state should teach religion is that they are en-tirely too sure that their religion is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, and that everybody else's is false. They are under the delusion that they are the special if not the sole deposi-taries of divine truth, and that in order to teach God's truth it is only necessary to teach what they believe and hold to. If they could recognize the fact that there are people who do not take that view of the matter at all, and who are as likely to be right as themselves, and whose rights in society are equal to their own, they would find that the proposition to have the state teach religious truth is by no means as easy as they assume it to be. We state elsewhere that the Catholic Church is working for such a change in the educational system supported by the state as will make it include definite religious instruction. Her aim has been more accurately stated by another, who says she "is endeavoring to do one of two thingsŠeither to get the public schools open to distinctively Catholic teaching or else get public money for the support of distinctively Catholic schools." A Seventh-day Ob-server Fined 