34 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. magazine is to maintain and defend the fundamental right to work, which is now largely denied one day in the week. Archbishop Ireland was not thinking of Sunday laws and Sunday work when he wrote the above statements, but his words are equally as applicable to this matter as they are to strikes and boy- Ł cotts. Sunday Laws and Anarchy. The advocates of compulsory Sun-day observance endeavor to foster the idea that opposition to Sunday laws, or disregard of them, is anarchy. They are continually discussing the "sacredness of law" and declaring their "loyalty to law." They first make sure that there is a Sunday law on the municipal or State statute books, and then they go before the people with terrible predictions of what will come to pass if the majesty of the law is not upheld. Anarchy, however, is something quite different from mere opposition to a cer-tain law. Anarchy is opposition to civil authorityŠto governmentŠand hence opposition to that which civil govern-ment is instituted to preserve. Civil government is instituted to preserve hu-man rights, hence anarchy is against such rights, and the consistent anarchist will both theoretically and in practice, always disregard them. Whatever, there-fore, works against the preservation of rights is contrary to civil government and may be properly considered anar-chical in its nature. This being so, it follows that Sunday laws and all religious legislation are really manifestations of the spirit of an-archy, for all compulsion in religion is against the sacred right of freedom of conscience. The real anarchy as regards Sunday laws consists not in opposing or  disregarding them, but in advocating and enforcing them. Wrong is often embodied in civil stat-utes, but is never transformed into right by the process. It is injustice still, and as such is entitled only to the unceasing opposition of every lover of right. Opposition to a law is not always op-position to good government. It is more essential to consider the object of gov-ernment than the means by which the civil power seeks to enforce its will. The question, What is justice? is a more important one than, What is the law? The advocates of Sunday statutes appeal to "the law," but they do not go back of the law to that purp8se of govern-ment which is the only justification for civil legislation. They want Sunday laws, not to preserve the rights of the people, but to preserve a religious insti-tuion, which they think must be main-tained by law, if maintained at all. But a religious institution which cannot be maintained without human law is a re-ligious counterfeit, and only deserves to disappear into eternal oblivion. L. A. S. In a recent issue the Christian Ad-vocate pays its compliments to the "ranting assailants of the sacred day of the Catholic, Greek, and Protestant churches" who now and then appear "in a town with a great show of biblical knowledge, attacking Christian churches for not observing the seventh day." The Advocate says it does not wish "to speak disparagingly of grave and schol-arly men who believe that Saturday is the Sabbath, but to place in their proper relation those bombastic disputants whose chief weapons are sounding brass and venomous epithets." We hope the Advocate will continue this work. 