NOTE AND COMMENT 321 essential character of the good Christian and the good soldier," he said, "have much in common. They are more closely allied than those of any other calling." In endurance, hardship, conflict, yes, but in weapons, object, and manner of war-fare as different as heaven is different from earth. From Berlin it is reported that recruits for "Christian Science" and Spiritism "come exclusively from the educated, and especially from what is known as `society,' and that those who are most skeptical in matters of religion are most apt to embrace 'Christian Science.' " This is pronounced "a strange feature" of the growth of these cults. The people who are indifferent to or skeptical with regard to true religion are the very ones who are prepared to be deceived by these cults. True religion and not skepticism is the genuine protection against these delusions. England, too, is enlisting the school teacher in the work of conquest. The principal of a leading normal college in England has gone to South Africa on a three-years' engagement as principal of the Normal College at Pretoria, and at the request of Mr. Chamberlain, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand are supply-ing ioo teachers for work in the former Boer republics. Education, when sought after, is an excellent thing; it remains to be seen what success will attend those anomalous educational ventures which are thrust upon a people from without and which will undoubtedly be regarded both by the Boer and the Filipino as but a continuation of the conquest in which grim-visaged war was the first and chief reliance. The three Boer delegates who came to  this country a few weeks ago left for Eu-rope on March 20. While here they vis-ited Secretary of State Hay and Presi-dent Roosevelt, but before doing so were given to understand that their calls must be in no sense official. Mr. Hay in-formed them that no rule of neutrality was being violated by the shipment of horses, mules, and provisions from the United States to the British army in South Africa. The President "informed them decisively that this Government could not interfere in the progress of the war." Evidently these visits amounted to the same thing as they would have had they been official. An incident in some respects similar to the Tillman-McLaurin affair which re-cently occurred in the United States Sen-ate took place in the English House of Commons on March 20. During an ex-citing debate on the war in South Africa a tilt occurred between Mr. Chamberlain, the Colonial Secretary, and John Dillon, Irish Nationalist. Incensed at some re-mark of the former the latter flung at Mr. Chamberlain a very unparliamen-tary epithet, for which he was immediate-ly suspended from his privileges as a member for one week. These two inci-dents will add nothing to the glory of the Philippine and Boer wars, with which they have a certain connection. It is worthy of note thAt two such events as the extinguishment of the "torch of liberty" on the Bartholdi statue and the sending of an embassy to take part in the ceremonies attending the crowning of .a monarch should take place almost simultaneously. Both of these events may be unimportant and insignifi-cant, but certainly whatever importance and significance attaches to them is on the side of the idea that republicanism and 