88  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY agreement. We believe that had any State prohibited labor on that day under fine and imprisonment, as the article that we have under consideration intimates that it would have had the right to have done, that such legislation would have been pronounced by no inconsiderable portion of the people an unwarrantable exercise of power. And we believe that this view would have been correct. The Senator says the State "would not claim the right to compel men to profess to rever-ence the dead President whom they did not reverence, or to pay any hpyocritical tribute to his memory," but that "the right of citizens in general to pay such tribute cannot be exercised while secular business is going on," and that there-fore the State would have the right to ¥ compel men "to desist from ordinary business." It is true that on an occa-sion of this kind preference should be given to those who desire to pay tribute to the dead, and the State would un-doubtedly have the right to prevent any disturbance or interference with the serv-ices and exercises of those who desired to pay such tribute ; but ordinary labor and business could not constitute such an interference, as we think is sufficiently demonstrated by the fact that no law has ever been enacted prohibiting labor and business on such an occasion. Those who desired to quietly follow their ordinary pursuits would not inter-fere in the slightest degree with those who desired to honor the dead, and who would ever dream of demanding a law that would make it a crime for a man, on such an occasion, to be at work in his office, plowing in his field, or driving his.  loaded wagon along the highway ? As the State has no right to attempt to corn-. pel men to show reverence to the dead President, it has no right to compel them  to cease labor on the day of the funeral, for such enforced cessation of labor would he nothing else but an enforced act of reverence. Sunday legislation is not the establish-ment of a holiday; it is the enforcement of a holy day. There is no similarity be-tween a holiday and the enforced Sun-day. A holiday is suggestive of free-dom ; it implies the absence of restraint, release from care and toil, and the op-portunity of doing anything that may conduce to one's recreation and pleasure. It is a day usually of picnics and ex-cursions. How different though is the enforced Sunday ! It is a day on which a person's conduct is determined not by himself, but by the legislature ; a day on which an act perfectly innocent in itself may cause him to be landed in jail; a day of exactions which make even the days of toil seem like freedom itself. If a man, in seeking pleasure and recreation in his own way, undertakes some little job at his home, to make some improve-ment, to hoe his garden, to pull the grass and weeds from his flower beds, and many other things equally as harmless that we might mention, he runs the risk of being arrested and imprisoned for having overstepped the bounds that hal,  e been set up by legislation, not to protect the rights of citizens, not to protect them in the enjoyment of a holiday, but to protect the holy day, Sunday. What a man may do on a holiday he cannot do on Sunday in this country. That Sunday is in a sense a holiday, we do not deny ; but that special legisla-tion is needed for the protection of the right to observe it as such, and that Sun-day laws are due to this necessity, we do deny. Sunday legislation is not based upon the character of the day as a mere holiday, as may be readily seen by refer- 