EDITORIAL 631 peated declaration that a man has a natural right to worship God as he shall choose, or not to worship Him? Who shall define what the faith in Jesus Christ is, if it is to be pre-scribed as a qualification for American citi-zenship? Is not the principle of the union of religion with the state involved in that idea, and is it not, therefore, essentially the "Na-tional Reform" idea and the papal idea? We are glad that our correspondent has raised this inquiry, for it gives an op-portunity to emphasize the wide differ-ence between two ideas that are apt to be confused by those who do not look closely. It will aid in understanding this matter to get clearly in mind what Mr. Jones' idea is. His idea is, first, that the character of a people determines the character of their institutions; that the civil welfare of a people is dependent upon their con-duct and character as individuals; thatz_ ,eople who cease to govern themselves ,as individuals cannot maintain a govern-ment based on the theory and dependent upon the fact of individual self-govern-ment ; that when in a republic the greater portion of the people cease to govern themselves on principle and give them-selves up to things which weaken and destroy the power of individual self-con-trol, the republic is doomed unless the power and practise of individual self-government is restored. Hence, when it comes about that sel-fishness and corruption, disregard of principle and regard only fOr self and self-gratification regardless of the rights of others, have become so prevalent and have gone to such out-breaking lengths with so many of the individuals of the Republic of the United States that they cannot, or do not, refrain from doing things wholly inconsistent with, and sub-versive of, true American citizenship and self-government, it must be true that un-less their manner of life is changed the Republic is doomed. Now Mr. Jones believes, and THE SENTINEL believes, that there is but one source of moral regeneration, but one source whence the power of individual self-control can be had by him who has ceased to be the master and has become the slave of himself. That source is God, the Author of all moral principle, who was and is manifested by and through His Son Jesus for the saving of His peO-pleŠall peopleŠfrom the committing of sinsŠfrom failure to govern themselves. Hence it is proper for Mr. Jones and THE SENTINEL to say, when they see that individual self-government is being dissipated and lost to such an extent in the United States as to become a source of national peril, that the only way of es-cape from the coming of imperial and despotic government in this country, the only hope for the preservation of govern-ment of the people, by the people, for the people of the United States, "is in the faith of Jesus, which brings to the indi-vidual believer in Jesus righteousness and self-government." But noticeŠand here is where this idea differs most radi-cally from that of the Papacy and "Na-tional Reform"Šthat the remedy_which the people of the United States can find in Christianity is to be found by them not as the people of the United States. The remedy which Christianity provides it provides only to individuals as individu-als; its object is not the making of good citizens, but the making of good men and women. He who believes in God, and in Chris-tianity as representing Him, is bound to look to that source for the remedy for moral evil and degeneracy. To him there is necessarily the source of righteousness and self-government. And so when he sees national apostasy and decay coming upon a nation as the result of self-seeking, intemperance and degeneracy among the people, he of course comes 