238 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY York City should not be open on Sun-day." One of these reasons reads as fol-lows : The Sabbath, the day of rest, is not only a religious institution, but it is an American in-stitution, and is essential to the physical and mental well-being of the people. The dry goods stores, the meat markets, the stock ex-change, are closed, then why should we make an exception in favor of a business that all acknowledge produces evil, crime and drunk-enness in a community? Thus it is plainly evident that on this question of Sunday saloons the New York State W.C.T.U. relies largely upon "the moral and religious argument in re-gard to Sabbath-keeping." The Sunday saloon is opposed because of the relig-ious character of the day, rather than be-cause of the blighting character of the traffic carried on. Local option in the matter is opposed because, if that is per-mitted, "there is no reason why a similar question in regard to every other busi-ness might not be submitted, so that the observance of Sunday would be a mat-ter of locality." The officers and members of the W.C.T.U. know that there is a vast dis-tinction between the liquor traffic and "every other business," but in this ques-tion of Sunday saloons they make no dis-tinction whatever. They class all to-gether, and are opposed to Sunday open-ing of saloons because they fear that will open the way for the operation on that day of other businesses that are totally unlike the liquor traffic. In this they virtually say that there is no distinction between the liquor traffic and "every other business." This is evidence that the question is not one with regard to the liquor traffic as a business which "produces evil, crime, and drunkenness" in contradistinction to businesses which produce none of these things. The question at issue is just what it is  declared to be : "The question of the observance of Sunday." And this is no question to be argued before legislatures nor to be decided by them. We have every sympathy with the W.C.T.U. in its opposition to the liquor traffic, but we have no sympathy with efforts that are based on the idea that "the question of the observance of Sunday" is a matter for State legislation. This question is no more proper for State legislation than it is for local option. A Sunday-Enforcement Demon-stration AN enthusiastic public meeting in be-half of the cause of Sunday enforcement took place on the afternoon of February 23 in the large auditorium of the Fifty-seventh Street Branch of the Y.M.C.A., West Side, New York City. Rev. W. S. Hubbell, secretary of the New York Sunday Rest League, was the speaker of the occasion, the title of his address be-ing, "The Present Status of the Sunday Question in New York City." The gen-tleman who presented the speaker to the audience declared that any person who was not interested in the question of Sunday rest "was scarcely fit to be an American citizen." We can only men-tion here, briefly and without comment, some of the points made by Mr. Hub-bell : The basis of our civilization is the Sun-day rest. If we allow our Sunday rest to be taken from us that means the de-struction of our civilization. If you would preserve Sunday rest, you must do it by law. Called upon every person in the audience to write down this sentence, and to rewrite it again and again, until it was so fixed in the mind that it could never be effaced : 