EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 455 these things are allowed and encouraged on the Sabbath day other or even worse things will soon have right of way here on the Sabbath," with the result that " people of character who have families to protect will give our city the `go by' and will go elsewhere to spend their money and vacations." Of course there is in these two pro-nouncements basis for considerable com-ment. We will do little more than call attention to some points which they make plain. One is, of course, that the demand for Sunday enforcement has its basis and inspiration in the idea that Sunday ob-servance is " a divine institution" and that disregard of the day as a religious institution is " d'violation of the law of God," or, specifically, of the Fourth Commandment of the Decalogue.- It is desired to have human law enforce the performance of a duty to God. In fur-ther avowal of the religious nature of this observance which it is expected and de-manded as a matter of course that civil laws and officials shall enforce, and in further exhibition of the religious motive of the demand for such enforcement, is the avowal that it is " the Christian Sab-bath " and is " an integral part of the Christian religion." Another is that the doctrine that Christianity is somehow or other a part of the civil law and that " this is a Christian nation " gives to those who openly and deliberately demand the enforcement of an avowedly religious and " Christian " observance a most satis-factory basis .for their demand. They know the value to them and their cause of the endorsement and affirmation of this idea in the Supreme Court decision of February 29, 1892. Another point is that in order to secure its enforcement by the civil law the champions of the religious Sunday are very anxious to have it re-garded " as an American as well as a divine institution." While avowing it to be a divine institution and " an integral  part of Christianity " they are anxious at the same time to have it regarded as " one of the first and most fundamental institutions of the United States of Amer-ica," and to have it believed that in de-manding its enforcement they " are plead-ing for Americanism as against foreign-ism and heathenism."' Of course in this they are trying to make patriotism serve the cause of enforced. religion. Sunday observance is of course no more Amer-ican than are many other religious cus-toms and observances. It is no more American than is public worship gener-ally. If its enforcement is Americanism then Americanism means something di-rectly the reverse of what it has been held to mean from the founding of the govern-ment. Notice the assumption that the rights of Sunday worshipers are in-fringed upon by a non-observance of the day by others, and that the churches have " vested rights " which require that the law shall secure them in a monopoly of the day by maintaining its " solemn sa-credness " and prohibiting every thing but " divine services " I Such assump-tions are of the very essence of that evil thing called church-and-state union, to which true Americanism is eternally op-posed. Churches which make such as-sumptions and demands are on the way toward becoming anything but bulwarks " of public morality, virtue and righteous-ness." O Does the Constitution The Sultan of Mo-Apply in the One rocco has just pre- Case and not in the Other? sented to President Roosevelt " a splendid silver-mounted saddle of the best Berber style." The New York Sun promptly declares that the President " is prohibited from accepting the gift by the fundamental law of this Re-public." It quotes the article of the Con-stitution which declares that " no person holding any office of profit or trust un-der them [the United States] shall, with- 