106  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY would be rather a costly experiment. . . . Our worthy German citizen ought to understand that we must not legal-ize a tremendous desecration of God's day . . . simply that he may have his lager-beer fresh 'on draught' at his Sun-day table." The earnestness and sincerity of Dr. Cuyler in this matter cannot be ques-tioned, but it is a matter of sincere regret to us that one who has had such clear views of many of the truths of God's Word, and who has so beautifully ex-pressed them for others, should be pos-sessed with the idea that God's day needs the support and protection of human laws. If God's day is one of the two pillars on which Christianity rests, and the preservation of this day is dependent upon a law closing dram-shops or any other human law, what a pitiable plight is Christianity in ! Surely Dr. Cuyler believes that Christianity and God's Book and God's day are altogether inde-pendent of human legislation. "Stylus," a regular contributor to the Christian Advocate, delivers himself thus at the prospect of a partial repeal of the Sunday excise law : "If, as the result of the overthrow of Tammany Hall at our recent election, we are going to have the saloon open on Sunday for even a part of the day, 'Stylus' is sincerely sorry at Tammany's defeat ! It is better to have sin committed in defiance of the law than under the support of the law. To distinctly violate a divine command-ment, and to do so under legal protec-tion, is a crime of more shocking magni-tude than words can express. If the de-thronement of Tammany's rulers means the upheaval of Mount Sinai, better a thousand times to have Tammany re-main. A legalized violation of one of God's commandments is dreadful even  to contemplate. And if this is carried out, our victory at the polls was the worst defeat good government ever ex-perienced." While this item is not apt to enlighten any one as to the connection between Mount Sinai and the Sunday laws, it should leave no one in doubt as to what is the true attitude of the larger portion of the religious forces in this matter of Sunday saloons. They are not concerned over the evils of the liquor traffic, but at the "shocking" crime of "a legalized violation of one of God's command-ments." They tremble not at the woe of men, women and children because of the liquor traffic, but at the "dreadful" contemplation of the "upheaval of Mount Sinai." Rather than have any of the legal props and supports removed from beneath the Sunday institution, they would much prefer that Tammany and all its iniquities should remain un-disturbed. And this from the people who have long been proclaiming the doc-trine of "civic righteousness." Is the enforced observance of a religious insti-tution the ideal of civic virtue? Mount Sinai would not be disturbed a particle if every vestige of Sunday legislation were swept from every statute book in the world. The only disturbance that would be created would be among those people who suppose that religious ob-servances should be enforced by statute, and who, in the face of plain and positive facts, deliberately assume that Sunday observance is one of the requirements of the moral law. There are some sentences in the edi-torial from the New York Tribune on "The Church and Sunday Opening," which we publish elsewhere, that cannot be repeated too often in these days of agitation for enforced "Sabbath" ob- 