282 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY forgetting, even if the Fourth Command-ment were a matter of divine and eternal authority, that it does not command any-thing. It only forbids one thing; that is, labor. These, then, are the main facts in re-gard to the origin, the history, and the au-thority of Sunday. You will note that I have kept clear in my discussion the Sab-bath from the Sunday, because there is absolutely no historical connection be- tween the two whatsoever ; and the early church never made the mistake of identi-fying the two. I have made it clear, I trust, that there is no ground whatever for the traditional Puritan idea of Sunday. You cannot find it in secular history. It does not exist in the Bible. You cannot find it in church history, until you come to the Puritan Revolution of the sixteenth century, and there it is manifestly based on a mistake. Hearings at the Massachusetts Capitol By K. C. Russell There was another interesting Suriday-law hearing conducted at the State House in Boston, Mass., Friday, February 21. This bill was introduced by the religious element which is ever appealing to the puny arm of flesh for the support of the Sunday sabbath. Among those present who were of in-fluence in the interests of Sunday legisla-tion were Mrs. Stephenson, the president of the Massachusetts W. C. T. U. organ-ization, and Miss McEntire, the presi-dent of the Boston Association of W. C. T. Unions. One of Boston's prominent attorneys was secured by the Sunday folks to intro-duce the bill before the committee. The proposed legislation is for the purpose of prohibiting theaters from conducting Sunday concerts unless they are strictly sacred, and causing all proceeds from such concerts to be used for regligious and charitable purposes. It was plain to be seen from the first, that the committee were not at all in sym-pathy with the proposed bill. The point that was discussed more than any other at this hearing was how  to determine between a sacred and pro-fane concert. A minister who spoke in favor of the bill with more zeal than knowledge, frankly admitted that the question of what was and what was not sacred was a very difficult one to decide. He further said in effect that the theater was a competitor of the church. Opportunity was given those who de-sired to speak in opposition to the bill, and the time 'was improved by Elder G. B. Wheeler and others. Each speaker en-deavored to make plain the principle of a total separation of the church and the state. It was shown by the opposition that an immoral concert was just as bad on one day as another, and that the Lord and the person who is born again are only able to determine what is sacred, and even the converted soul can decide that for himself only. It was clearly seen, by the attitude of those in favor of this bill, that the spirit of religious intolerance is growing. On March II there was another inter-esting hearing on a bill that had been introduced for the purpose of restricting 