732 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY language was at least ambiguous, and might be twisted to mean something opposed to their convictions. It would seem that examination and inspection are clearly authorized by the consti-tution, even for schools "wholly or in part under the control or direction of any, religious denomination." This ex-amination must necessarily be limited to the secular studies required for in-telligent citizenship. When the select committee appointed at the close of the last legislature is prepared to listen to suggestions for improving the educa-tional laws of New York State, there will be an -excellent opportunity to take up the question here suggested concerning the correct interpretation of Article IX, section 4, of the constitu-tion. Mr. Geer and his powerful friends 'in the Episcopal Church may discover that there is still a way to en-large the public system of education without discouragement to the advo-cates of religious training. By remov-ing legal barriers certain antagonisms may be obliterated which are now kept alive by unjust discriminations.. . May we hope that the legislature of 1904 will approach this question with a larger wisdom and a more effective purpose to do justice to all classes of citizens ? Under the heading, "The Roman Catholics and the Constitution," The Sun responded to this, and took occa- sion to warn the representatives of the Catholic Church that it would not be prudent for them to force this matter to a political issue Father McMillan's theory seems to be that the clause, "other than for ex-amination and inspection," affords a loophole for legislation to admit relig-ious schools to participation in the dis-tribution of the school fund. lie finds something "ambiguous" in the clause ; but to us it is open to no such interpre-tation. It simply authorizes expendi-tures for examinations and inspections conducted by the regents to determine the fitness of sectarian institutions of learning to confer degrees, and also for inspections conducted by various other public officers for other purposes. The  Roman Catholic Church is staggering under a burden of maintaining its paro-cial schools which was voluntarily as-sumed by it, and, naturally enough, it desires to shift the load on the State, in whole or in part; but such support from the school fund is plainly pro-hibited by the constitution. 'That church can get nothing more than ex-amination and inspection of its institu-tions, unless the constitution of the State of New York shall be amended by the votes of the people. Now, is it advisable for that church or for any other to force this question before the people ? Undoubtedly, Catholics now have the sympathy of individual Prot-estants in their principle that re-ligion should be made the basis of pub-lic education and that, accordingly, re-ligious schools of the various denomi-nations should be allowed to partici-pate in the distribution of the school fund. The Rev. Mr. Geer has expressed that sympathy very decidedly. But if there came a political campaign to amend the constitution in accordance with it, how much of Protestant sup-port would the Catholic hierarchy re-ceive practically? In our opinion, it would be very little. Of all the dif-ferent. religious denominations, the only one which has an extended system of religious parochial schools is the Roman Catholic. Protestants, therefore, would argue against the amendment that practically only the Roman Catholics-would profit by it, and probably the question would 'be fought over with Protestants squarely on one side and Catholics on the other. It is not for the interest of the Roman Catholic Church or for the interest of religion generally that any such conflict should be precipitated. It would cause no end of bad blood. Correspondence we have printed indicates that any attempt to divert the school fund to denomina-tional schools of any kind would be bitterly resented by Protestants, by Jews and by that great majority of the people made up of infidels and those indifferent to religion or distrustful of the organized churches. It would be a lamentable conflict, and our advice to the Roman Catholic Church is to keep out of it. The attempt,. we are 