THE RELIGION AND PUBLIC EDUCATION ISSUEŠII 749 be fifty years before this country would become all Catholic, we wondered how long it would be before the cloven foot would be shown more fully than here-tofore by the highest representatives of the Roman Catholic Church in this country. . . . The Roman Catholic Church, by rea-son of its prosperity here and the flat-tery of politicians, thinks it now safe to avow hostility to and begin an at-tack upon the public schools of this country ; it proposes to overturn them as now constructed and to get what the state will not now give it Ša por-tion of the public money raised by gen-ral taxation for education ; and at the present time in different parts of the country priests, bishops, archbishops, and the only American cardinal are engaged in denouncing the public school system. We have waited until His Eminence, Cardinal Gibbons, spoke, for his speaking is worth the utterance of a thousand priests and ordinary bishops. He is pre-eminent on this con-tinent, noted for suavity of manner, skilled to the highest degree in the use of language, ingratiating in public de-portment, and speaking only occasion-ally, is always sure to be heard by mul-titudes and widely reported. Usually what he says is diplomatically said and is valuable to indicate the way the Cath-olic wind blows and the current flows. He seldom speaks so as to excite direct and immediate opposition. But now he comes forth against the public school system of the United States. . . . The public schools must be main-tained. The proposition to adopt "the denominational system which now ob-tains in Canada " is equivalent to unit-ing church and state, so far as it goes. According to the theory of this govern-ment the state has no right to enforce Christian education upon children whose parents are opposed to it. It is a decided infliction when applied to Jews ; it is a decided infliction when applied to such as have the idea Š mis-taken though it be Š that they will allow their children to be educated without religion, and then expect them to choose a religion for themselves. . . . Behold the troubles on this subject that now exist in England and have existed for ages. A most pitiable con-dition exists in that country. Thou-sands of Christians are refusing to pay the taxes that are imposed because of the relation of the plan to denomina-tional education. Only the Church of England people (and not all of them) and the Roman Catholics fully sympa-thize with the scheme now in force. Others are willing to accept it only because they believe it is better than what previously existed, and is a step in the right direction ; but the great majority of all the English people are opposed to it. Catholics and Church of England people sympathize with it, not because they sympathize with each other, but because it gives them public money to use for the education of the children in church schools and in the Catholic religion. If Roman Catholi-cism in England had a great proportion of the population, if for example it ap-proximated the English Church in num-bers, there would be a contention which would rend the nation over the method that exists there now. As for Canada, who does not know that Lower Canada is preponderatingly French and Cath-olic, and no proper analogy can be drawn between that country and this? We do not doubt that it would be an excellent thing for the children of the state to be educated, together with their ordinary instruction, in Christian-ity; but so far as our observations go the children that are educated in the parochial schools of the Catholic church are no better morally than those that are educated in the public schools ; their conduct upon the streets, the language they utter, is certainly not superior to that which is heard from the scholars of the public schools; and we fancy it would be easy to show that in the in-mates of reformatories and prisons there is no moral superiority manifest by those who have attended the paro-chial schools of the Catholic Church, and no lack in numbers according to the ratio of population of Catholics and others. Independent of this, granting that some evils result from the divorcing of religious instruction so called from the public schools, it should not be for-gotten that religious contentions have 