ANGLO-SAXON ATROCITIES 4" to the method of reconcentration practised by General Weyler in Cuba. Was there ever a stranger illustration of the irony of fate than that presented by such a sit-uation as ours? We generously undertake to free eight million Filipinos from the tyranny and cruelty of Spain; and then, in the effort to convince them of the benevolence of our in-tentions and make them accept the blessings of security and peace, we find ourselves follow-ing the example of General Weyler and resort-ingŠif not forced to resortŠto the old Span-ish methodsŠmurder, torture, and reconcen-tration. We can give only these paragraphs from Mr. Kennan's article. He dealt with the matter at greater length, and among other things presented an extract from a lettez by an officer of the regular army then serving in Luzon, in which the water torture was described and its use in the American army acknowledged. "For the practise of torture in the Philip-pines there is no excuse whatever," said Mr. Kennan in that connection. But notwithstanding the fact that this information was obtained almost first-hand with the cooperation of the "high-est authority in Government circles," and was published as "the absolute truth" in such a journal as The Outlook, it was evidently ignored and soon forgotten. And it is not at all unlikely that these later "revelations" will after a time have the same fate ; for after all there is not the deep feeling and great moral indig-nation throughout the country that there was a few years ago with regard to even lesser atrocities by the Spaniards in Cuba. The shooting of Cuban prisoners in Morro Castle according to regular mili- tary form then sent a more general shud-der throughout America than the news of these atrocities in the Philippines has done. The attempt is made to explain away these deeds and to relieve the army, and especially the policy which brought the .army to the archipelago, of all blame  and responsibility in the matter. As long as possible it is denied that any-thing brutal or inhuman has occurred. Then it is declared that whatever was done was justified because the Filipinos are treacherous, cruel, and resort to tor-ture. This failing, it is asserted that the brutality with which military operations are attended and conducted does not af-fect in the slightest degree the cause on behalf of which they are being carried onŠnot even if the acts of cruelty were multiplied ten-fold what they are now, says The Outlook. In his time Abraham Lincoln declared that he hated slavery "because it deprives our republican ex-ample of its just influence in the world," and "especially because it forces so many really good men among ourselves into an open war with the very fundamental principles of civil liberty, criticising the Declaration of Independence." If he lived to-day he would say that he hated something else for all this and more. He would say that he hated something else because it forces really good men not only into an open war with the funda-mental principles of civil liberty, but into an open war with the fundamental in-stincts of humanity and principles of civilization itself, placing them in the po-sition of defenders and apologizers for deeds which outrage the deepest feelings and most sacred and elemental rights of human nature. "Forcible annexation is criminal ag-gresion," once declared the late Presi-dent McKinley. The war upon theFili-pinos is a war of more than forcible an-nexation, and wherever lies the responsi-bility for this war, or in other words for this criminal aggression, there lies in a large degree the responsibility for these criminal atrocities that have been perpe-trated on Filipinos by American soldiers, at the command, in some notorious in-stances, of American officers. Yes, even 