504 THE SENTINEL, OF LIBERTY. THE ONTARIO SUNDAY LAW AGAIN. AT the hearing in Toronto, already referred to in THE SENTINEL concerning the Sunday law, a labored effort was made by the lawyers who were defending the Lord's Day Act to show a great distinction be-tween travelers and passengers. The act permits the conveying of travelers on a journey on the first day of the week. A vigorous and prolonged effort was made to show that all local passenger traffic was a violation of the statute; that all that was permissible was allowing travelers to proceed to their destination who might not have completed their journey when Sunday came. The question was not how long the journey was, but when did the man start. So said the emi-nent lawyer. If he started before midnight of Satur-day night, then he should be allowed to go on; if after midnight, then he was violating the law and must not be allowed to proceed. After listening to the lengthy argument of the learned advocates, one judge remarked: " It seems, then, that if a man starts on a journey on Saturday he is a traveler, but if he starts on Sunday he's a passenger." One question asked by the judge was: Why not make the law apply to the man who begins a journey on Sunday, as well as to the man who ends a jour-ney on that day? The 'answer was that that could not be allowed. The judge then asked: " But what if the man happens to oversleep and so seems com-pelled to take a morning train? " One of the judges - also asked if a man going from Toronto .to Cali-fornia might be considered a traveler and allowed to start on his journey on Sunday. The reply was in the negative. The statement was made by these lawyers that when the Sunday law was made travel was mostly by stage coach or by boat, and these being slower means of transportation than the railway cars, some allow-ance must be made .for the travelers to reach their destination, but that in no case could a stage, boat, train, or whatever it might be, legally continue to run on Sunday unless it had through travelers (not passengers) who were going through to the end of the route, and who had started on their journey be-fore Sunday came. One of the judges asked in case a boat started out from Hamilton for Montreal, and reaching Toronto on Sunday, should find that it had no pas-sengers for Montreal, must it tie up at Toronto till after Sunday? The answer from one of the law- yers arguing for the Lord's Day Act, was that the boat should certainly tie up; and then taking another thought, he said he supposed it would have to be allowed to go on to its destination in order to start back on schedule time; but the judge said, " That has nothing to do with the case." It was evident from the many questions of like nature that the judges asked and the expressions on their countenances, that they were somewhat amused over some of the positions taken; and quite likely the lawyers themselves would have been amused at such inconsistencies if they had not been defending the Lord's Day Act, and under the necessity of producing some kind of an argument. One of the judges asked: " If a man starts on a stage coach to go a hundred miles or more and after riding a mile, changes his mind and gets out, is he a passenger or a traveler? " It seemed that the forbearance of the court was great to listen so long to the intricate reasoning to demonstrate the distinction between traveler and passenger, and all this to show that all the local Sun-day travel in the country is illegal, and more than,  that, that all long journeys on that day are unlawful unless commenced before Sunday. They Scented Danger. But the judges could see something more than amusement in this matter. They several times made expressions about " the dangerous nature" of these views, and of positions taken touching the Sunday law. And that is just what every one should see in all this religious legislation business. Not only unfair distinctin between words is the result, but unfair discrimination between, individuals, citi-zens, for whose benefit all laws are supposed to be made. One of the counsel for the Lord's Day Alliance had occasion to refer to Blackstone, who speaks of violations of the Lord's day, " vulgarly but wrongly called Sabbath-breaking." So be it known that by the authority to which this Sunday-law ad-vocate referred, Sunday work or amusement is not Sabbath-breaking. Then let all cease speaking of it as such. How much better it would sound if all would learn wisdom from Mr. Blackstone and cease to call the act by a common but improper term. If we could' go a little further back than Mr. Blackstone went we could see ample reason for saying that Sunday labor was vulgarly but wrongly called Sabbath-breaking. In fact it is somewhat 