SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 413 found to be opposed to the bill. Mr. Burns said among other things : We want a little fresh air recreation on the Sabbath. We can't get it on any other day. Let me tell you this : If the wage-worker can't get a little innocent amusement on Sunday, he will get amusement that is not so innocent. How would it do for you gentlemen from De-troit to make some efforts to close some of the Sunday saloons, for ninety-nine out of every hundred are open on Sunday. You can't legislate religion into people. Rev. John McDowell, who said he had been a wage-worker himself once, fol-lowed. He " doubted very much whether labor unions favored the bill," and thought " the strongest argument against legalizing the Sabbath as' a day of recrea-tion is the fact that such a course would endanger the Saturday half-holiday movement." This was probably on the theory that if the workingman is allowed to take recreation on Sunday he will not wish to take it at any other time, and therefore in behalf of the Saturday half-holiday movement he must be prevented from taking recreation on Sunday ! The Sunday-law . clergymen certainly have very roundabout ways of helping the workingman. Continuing the speaker de-clared that the ultimate effect of the passage of such a measure would be that " the wage-worker would lose his Sab-bath," as he said has been the case in the leading countries of Europe as the result of " making Sunday a day of recreation." He knew " of nothing more beneficial to the laboring man than a day of rest regu-lated and sanctified by Sabbath observ-ance." He of course meant a day of rest " regulated and sanctified " by enforced " Sabbath observance." Nearly every speCch was followed by an exchange of rapid-fire remarks between the friends and opponents of the measure. During a colloquy at this point Mr. Fales chal-lenged the opponents of the bill " to show him one man who lives up to the Sunday law as it stands." It seems that the  opportunity afforded by the hearing to make some remarks on the fundamentals of the Sunday-law question was improved by one to whom SENTINEL readers need no introduction. The correspondent of the Detroit News-Tribune reported that " Elder A. T. Jones, of Battle Creek, gave a philosophic turn to the discus-sion," and gave this summary of his re- marks : ,41,40 The American nation has always separated church and state. If there is no means of forcing religion down people's throats on Sun-day, how do you expect to prevent them from doing the work they like or amusing them-selves as they like? No legislature should attempt to make laws against everything that is morally bad, or for everything that is mor-ally good. Law is not religion or morality. " Rev. Dr. Elliott replied to Mr. Jones." He professed to be in agreement with the " fundamental arguments," but thought they did not affect " the par-ticular bill under consideration." A few days after the hearing the correspondent of the News-Tribune reported that the bill had " gone to sleep " in the judiciary committee, that in fact it was dead before the hearing, so that " the lobby of ninety-two persons was brought to Lansing un-necessarily." It seems from his comment that these Detroit champions of Sunday legislation conducted themselves in a manner that has been demonstrated to be characteristic of such champions throughout the country on such occa-sions. He says : A special train brought into the capital several clergymen and business men, and a few other gentlemen, followed by a crowd of men young and old, whose conduct during the hearing must be charitably described as ec-centric. It was the first time this session that the chairman of the committee at a public hearing had to use his gavel to protect any speaker from interruptions and ill-timed as-saults on his logic. Senator Lockerby had to call the mob to order no less than three times during the evening, and if he had not been a mild-tempered man he would have done so several more times. Mr. Fales was not al- 