THE INCONSISTENCY OF SUNDAY LEGISLATION 141 minion over the faith of others, setting up their own opinions and modes of thinking as the only true and infallible, and as such endeavoring to impose them  on others, hath established and main-tained false religions over the greatest part of the world and through all time.ŠThomas Jefferson. The Inconsistency of Sunday Legislation By J. 0. Corliss THE underlying sentiment and germ of Sunday laws is a settled wish to prevent irreligious people from desecrating what is supposed to be holy time, and so to help them to be, at least outwardly, religious through the ob-servance of a religious rest. It is singu-lar, however, that those engaging in this sort of thing do not, or say they do not, see in it what so many who have given careful thought to the matter say is in itŠthe union of the church with the state. But from what standpoint does the state undertake to make and enforce Sunday laws ? If it does so because Sun-day observance is a church ordinance, a religious observance, is that not a union of church and state? Again, if Sunday-keeping is regarded as a divine ordi-nance, and on this ground the state un-dertakes to punish those who do not ob-serve the day, does it not in this step into the place of and assume the pre-rogative of Him who spoke the divine law, and who also said, "Vengeance is mine ; I will repay, saith the Lord"? Rom. 12 : 19. But why should any government un-dertake to do this when it would not think of punishing a subject who, while living within its boundaries, refuses to bow to the mandates of another civil power, even though it was a contiguous one ? Should the United States attempt  to enforce a Canadian law upon an American citizen, or even upon a Cana-dian subject resident upon American soil, such a protest would be heard throughout the country as would call a halt upon the proceeding. Such a protest would be entirely proper, too, on the ground that the nation exceeded its rightful authority in compelling its citizens to obey the dictates of a foreign power, with which they were not in sym-pathy and which they did not care to obey. The Sabbath is ea divine institution, a the requirement of  divine law. It ema-nated from, and is therefore the require-ment of, an entirely distinct government from all earthly onesŠeven a heavenly. Whoever sympathizes with that govern-ment, and reveres its laws, will not need to be coerced into obedience to them, but will follow their directions from his love of them and because he will be the better for such obedience. But if one does not wish to walk in the ways they point out, yet fully lives out the laws of civil citizenship, why should the civil government punish him for not also obeying the laws of a moral govern-ment, the affairs of which are entirely above and beyond the sphere of civil jurisdiction? To avoid the logical conclusions of these premises the plea is usually en- 