562 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. The civil law does not undertake to punish sin, but only to punish crime. Sin is the offense against God; crime is the offense against our fellowmen. All sin is against God. " Whosoever committeth sin," says the apostle, " transgresseth also the law, for sin is the transgression of the law." This is said of the divine law. Again in the fifty-first Psalm we find that David, in confessing to God the wrong done to Uriah, says: " Against thee, thee only have I sinned." The wrong was against man, the sin was against God, whose law was violated. The violation of all just human law is not only crime, but it is also sin, because violative of the law of God as well as of the law of men. But human government deals only with the crime. God punishes the sin; " so then every one of us shall give account of himself to God," both for our sins against God and for our wrongs against our fellowmen, for "God shall bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be good or evil." God made man a social, moral being, and as such endowed him with " certain unalienable rights." These rights are conserved by just civil govern-, men t. To disregard civil rights or to trample upon them is to wrong our fellowmen and to sin against God, who commands every man to love his neighbor as himself. The sin, if not repented of and forgiven, God will punish in his own good time. The wrong may be dealt with by our fellowmen in their organ-ized capacity as a state. And it is this latter fact that restrains from deeds of violence and injustice many .vho have not the fear of God before them. This safeguard to natural rights the God who " sendeth his rain upon the just and the unjust " has given to man. Its benefits accrue alike to the right-eous and to the wicked. Hence civil government is not in any sense Christian; it is simply humani-tarianŠthat is, it is given, like marriage, for the good of the race, given to all men regardless of re-ligious beliefs. The church of Rome insists that marriage be-longs to the church; that it is one of the " seven sacraments " of religion. This the Protestant de-nies. Of course the object of this claim is that the church may control marriage; and in Roman Catholic countries we generally find that only religious marriages are recognized by law. For a simi-lar reason it is claimed by many that civil gov-ernment, existing as it does by the ordinance of God,  should be controlled by the people of God. Thus the Papacy has claimed the right to depose kings and to set up kings, and to hand over whole peoples to the rule of a prince not of their own choice. But the claim is without any substantial basis. Civil government was ordained of God in the very nature of man, and belongs not to a part of the race, but to all men. And the veriest pagans have just the same divine Warrant for organizing civil government and thus securing this natural rights that the most en- lightened and devout Christians have. B. CIVIL GOVERNMENT BY THE CHURCH. THE idea that the pious people of tht earth are by reason of their zeal for God the best fitted of all people to administer the affairs of civil government is one that has for centuries back been powerful in the church. Being superior to all other organiza-tions on the earth in her standards and aims for mankind, the thought that the church ought to be at the head of earthly affairs seems warranted by weighty facts. Inspired prophecy, moreover, seems also to justify it, by predictions that the dominion. of earth is to be given toŁ" the people of the saints of the Most High." To effect such a change in the political ascendency as will place the church in the seat of governmental authority will be therefore only to fulfill the purpose of the divine Sovereign. Such is the view held by many good people to-day. The facts, just as clearly set forth by inspiration,, that the reign of the saints on the earth is to be realized only at an appointed time and through the work of ap-pointed spiritual agencies, arid that first the judg-ments of God must sweep the earth, are not taken into account. This idea that the highest welfare of both state and church is to be attained by placing the reins of civil authority in the hands of the saints has borne fruit on several, occasions in the past, from the rec-ords of which a very valuable lesson may be drawn for the present hour. It is the purpose of this arti-cle to refer to one such occasion in the history of Anglo-Saxon government, an occasion which be-longs to-one of the greatest periods of English his-toryŠthe times of Oliver Cromwell. In magazine articles particular attention is just now being called to Cromwell and the historic drama in which he was the central figure, which is certainly well, consider-ing the tendency of the history of his, day to repeat 