696 ¥  THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. simple manners, pure morals, and true religion flourish forever! "ÑFourth Annual Address, November 22, 1800. Mirrored in these words are the innate desires of the founders of the nation. Their love for their country was not in word only, " but in deed and in truth." And we can truthfully say of them, as was fittingly said of George Washington just after he had passed away: "Ancient and modern names are diminished be-fore him. Greatness and guilt have too often been allied, but his fame is whiter than it is brilliant. The destroyers of nations stood abashed at the majesty of his virtue. It reproved the intemperance of their ambition and darkened the splendor of vic-tory. The scene is closed, and we are no longer anxious lest misfortune should sully his glory. He has traveled on to the end of his journey and car-ried with him an increasing weight of honor. He has deposited it safely where misfortune can not tarnish it, where malice can not blast it."ÑAddress of Samuel Livermore, President of the Senate pro tem-pore, to John Adams, President of the United States, in behalf of the Senate, on the occasion of the death of George Washington. The jealous care with which these great men guarded the inviolability of the " consent-of-the governed " principle is illustrated to a remarkable degree by the manner in which they feared the " party spirit." Primarily it must be borne in mind that the found-ers of the American Republic .did not anticipate in the beginning that America would ever be ruled by political parties. They regarded political parties as a menace to free government, and as a factor in events possessing a tendency to make null and void the consent-of-the-governed system in the North Ameri-can Union. These thoughts are admirably set forth in the famous Farewell Address of George Washington, as well as in the state papers of some of his immediate successors in the presidential chair: " In contemplating the causes which may dis-turb our union it occurs as matter of serious concern that any ground should have been furnished for characterizing parties by geographical discrimina-tionsÑNorthern and Southern, Atlantic and WesternÑwhence designing men may endeavor to excite a belief that there is a real difference of local interests and views. One of the expedients of party to ac-quire influence within particular districts is to mis-represent the opinions and aims of other districts.  You can not shield yourselves too much against the jealousies and heartburnings which spring from these misrepresentations; they tend to render alien to each other those who ought to be bound together by fraternal affection. * * * " All obstructions to the execution of the laws, all combinations and associations, under whatever plausible character,, with the real design to direct, control, counteract, or awe the regular deliberation and action of the constituted authorities, are de-structive of this fundamental principle and of fatal tendency. They serve to organize faction; to give it an artificial and extraordinary force; to put in the place of the delegated will of a nation the will of a party, often a small, but artful and enterprising minority of the community, and, according to the al-ternate triumphs of different parties, to make the public administration the mirror of ill-concerted and in-congruous projects of faction rather than the organ of consistent and wholesome plans, digested by com-mon counsels and modified by mutual interests. " However combinations of associations of the above description may now and then answer popular ends, they are likely in the course of time and things to become potent engines by which cunning, ambi-tious, and unprincipled men will be enabled to sub-vert the power of the peciple, and to usurp for them-selves the reins of government, destroying afterwards the very engines which have lifted them to unjust dominion. "Toward the preservation of your Government and the permanency of your present happy state, it is requisite not only that you steadily discountenance irregular oppositions to its acknowledged authority, but also that you resist with care the spirit of inno-vation upon its principles, however specious the pre-texts. * * * "I have already intimated to you the danger of parties in the state, with particular reference to the founding of them on geographical discriminations. Let me now take a more comprehensive view, and warn you in the most solemn manner against the baneful effects of the spirit of party generally. "This spirit, unfortunately, is inseparable from our nature, having its root in the strongest passions of the human mind. It exists under different shapes in all governments, more or less stifled, controlled, or repressed, but in those of the popular form it is seen in its greatest rankness, and is truly their worst enemy. " The alternate domination of one faction over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge natural to party dissension, which, in different ages and countries, has perpetrated the most horrid enormi-ties, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism. 