RELIGION AND THE STATE  79 tory where such conditions exist, and to such acts of violence as can only be restrained by force. As the civil, or sec-ular, or human government is ordained to preserve order among men, by pro-tecting all men in their natural, God-given rights, its manner of execution must of necessity be such as to compel the recognition of those who will not voluntarily respect the rights of others. LAll the moral influence that civil govern-ment can wield wilbe tlr--irjii0-1the gen- ei".Ôl'iFmsthe _physical ---- p_o_arsk to sustain its  decrees and pQlity by force if need be. Therefore the civil government can not enter the domain of religion, except-ing to curb the exercise of such religion as may contemplate a disregard of other people's natural rights. It may justly require that no one shall make his relig-ion a pretext for crime against the good order and temporal welfare of the com-munity, or of any individual in the com-munity. When we allow that the propa-gation .of any religion is an object or purpose of civil government, then all the laws necessary to enforce the ob-servance of such religion follow as a logi-cal result. They follow as a matter of necessity, for the government has no other means of carrying out any pur-pose. Then the teaching of any other religion than that inculcated by the gov-ernment, or the teaching of that religion in any manner not in harmony with the governmental polity, becomes inimical to the purpose of the government. Thus the government becomes logically bound, in the furtherance of its purpose, to restrain such inimical teaching; and, having no other power for such restraint than physical force, it may not stop short of the full extent of that powerÑthe penalty of deathÑif such extreme be  necessary to successfully accomplish the restraint. Then every movement in the exercise of a religious function by the government is an obstacle in the way of the free exercise of freedom of con-science. Every such movement tends to place the religious liberty of the indi-vidual at the option of the government. And this is the very essence of despo-tism ; for civil liberty can exist only in name where religious liberty is denied. If the principle of state-law religion is good in one country, it is good in an-other. The purpose and' the principle of civil government is the same in Turkey, in France, in China, in Russia, in Af-ghanistan, or Japan, as it is in the United States. It was just the same in Rome in the days of Nero, when to preach Chris-tianity was treason, as it is in the United States to-day. So that if the government may enforce one religion, it may with equal propriety enforce any tenet of any other religion, if the majority of the peo-ple adhere to such a religion or tenet. The governments of the world have in-variably been tyrannical in proportion to their disposition to direct the religious convictions and practises of the people. It matters not though the religion es-poused has been the Christian religion, the enforcement of it by the secular power has proved oppressive. Referring to the well-known results of all attempts to propagate religion by means of civil law, Dr. Samuel T. Spear, in "Religion and the State," says : "These facts prove most conclusively that civil government is a failure when it attempts to administer and regulate re-ligion ; and, hence, in the interests of pure religion, as well as those of good government, every Christian, every statesman, and every citizen should pro-test against any theory that carries even 