726 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of education ? The logic of Bible, Prayer Book and tradition in the Church of England, and in the daugh-ter church which we call Protestant Episcopal in this country, is; and al-ways has been, Christian education at its best for her children, and on every day in the week, in the school as well as in the home. If others will not say so, the present writer is not to be blamed. But " when one ox will lie down, the yoke bears hard on him that stands up.". . . Nor is it enough to say that the church and the home must at-tend to the religious influence of the young ; because, in their influence over children, both church and home are being weakened and slowly under-mined by our " madly-perverted " sys-tem of secularized education. . . . Why make an effort to honor Christianity in the councils of the nation, in our courts and halls of legislation, if it is to be so grossly dishonored in the edu-cation of the child life of the nation, where it is most needed? The honor given to the Christian religion is based on the belief that it is the one hope of the country to-day. The dishonor heaped upon it is the expression of bad management; and very costly it is proving. . . . The church (and for con-venience let that word stand for every religious body which is working in the field of ethics in any large organized way) is not allowed to put her children under sufficient obligations to her. This is one of the greatest evils in the land to-day ; and it is the crux of this whole vexatious situation. The chil-dren's love and devotion are not being won by that powerful organization, al-most always auxiliary to the state, al-most always the best friend of the state, which can do the most good with it. The state is winning the love of the children; and that will prove splen-didly efficacious against foreign foes, but it is sure to prove worthless against internal trouble. Should the time ever come for grinding taxation, for con-scripting recruits, for defending prop-erty rights in a large way, on behalf of the rapidly increasing number of very rich corporations and individuals, against the interests and rights, real or imaginary, of the poor, love of country will vanish ; and then there will be no great power to control the people. The Roman Catholic Church is winning and holding the love of her children by rea-son of her great sacrifices for their moral and religious as well as for their mental training. How is this shown? By the record of the attendance of her people on divine worship, which is far ahead of that of Protestant churches. A point of much significance in this expression from a Protestant source is the inclination to turn to the exa tnpie of the Roman Catholic Church for in-struction and guidance in the matter of education. As we stated two months ago, the newspaper in which the fore-going was published is one that gives attention to the question discussed as does no other newspaper in the country. Indeed, we know of no religious paper in the country that manifests more in-terest in the matter in its bearing upon the relation of church and state and in its relation to society in general. Not only does it at frequent intervals give attention to the matter editorially, but its columns seem to be open especially to correspondence upon this subject, and it frequently publishes communi-cations bearing upon it. But never, at least not at any time in very recent years, has it devoted more of its editor-ial space to the matter or published more correspondence on the subject than since the publication of Mr. Geer's first communication. We shall give some quotations : First, from The Sun's own comment upon the communication: 4 The Sun's" Comment and Response Dr Geer puts himself flatly on the ground held by the Roman Catholic Church as affording the only hope for the future of our republic and of our social organization Š the ground that the only true and safe basis for edu-cation, either for the state or for the individual, is religion. He takes, too, the position of the hierarchy of that church, that the school fund, or a great 