RELIGIOUS LIBERTY: ITS SCOPE AND FOUNDATION 663 Ł zerland contains a guarantee of relig-ious liberty almost as broad and ample as any to be found in America, the es-tablishment of convents and religious orders is prohibited, Jesuits are ex-cluded from the country, and each can-ton has an established church in which the civil magistrate controls. The establishment and maintenance of religious freedom in America, the putting into practise of the doctrine of separation of church and state, has de- veloped and caused to become fixed and established as principles of govern- mental policy several distinct points, and these several points of distinction make up the American idea of religious liberty or separation of church and state. These points, as they are given by Mr. Sanford H. Cobb in a recently published work on " The Rise of Relig-ious Liberty in America," are these: 1. The civil powex has no authority in, or over, the individual or the church, touching matters of faith, worship, order, discipline, or polity. 2. The church has no power in the state to Ł direct its policy or action, otherwise than its influence may be felt in the persuasion of the public mind towards the principles it teaches. 3. The state cannot appropriate pub-lic moneys to the church, or for the propagation of religion, or any particu-lar form of religion. 4. The church cannot look to the state for any support of its worship or institutions, otherwise than, like all other corporations, it may appeal, and must submit, to legislation and judicial decisions in matters of pecuniary trust and foundations, the ground of which legislation and decisions is not at all religious, but strictly civil. 5. The civil power cannot exercise any preference among the various churches or sects, but must hold all as having equal rights under the law, and as equally entitled to whatever protec-tion under the law circumstances may furnish need for. 6. The civil power may not make any distinction among citizens on account  of religion, unless the following thereof is dangerous to society. Neither the right to vote nor to hold office is to be invalidated because of opinions on the matter of religion. Nor, again, is a citizen's right to bear witness, or to inherit property, to be called into ques-tion for reasons of religion. Of course the term "church" as used here, and as used anywhere in the broad sense that it is in the phrase "church and state," does not mean a particular religious body, but is a general term in which is included the whole religious phase of society. There are some Amer-icans, many of them unfortunately, so simple as to think, if we are to judge by the attitude they manifest frequently in some things, that the doctrine of separation of church and state means the separation of the state from any particular church, that no particular church is to receive special favor from the state, but that it is all right for the state to give special aid to religion if in doing so it gives equal aid to all the churches and discriminates against none. The person who entertains this idea has scarcely any conception what-ever of the true doctrine of the separa-tion of church and state. The separa-tion of church and state as it was es-tablished and as it was intended to exist in the United States means the separa-tion of religion and the state, that the civil authority is to have nothing to do with matters of faith and worship, regardless of whether they be " non-sectarian" and "inter-denominational" or not. The term church is used as it is in the phrase "church and state" because it is in organizations known as churches that the religious life of society expresses itself, even as it is in the state that the political life of so-ciety expresses itself. And unless re-ligion is manifested in some organized form it cannot very well be united with the state, unless, as was the case with 