Saggkell OF 06010ST0ARI Lll1133Egin' Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per year  $x.00 sixmonths   .5o -  "  three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year   1.5o CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year   yo Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Money Order or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. ,We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address.  ¥ Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., II West 20th Street, New York City FROM Pennsylvania comes the following good testimonial for THE SENTINEL : I cer-tainly do appreciate THE SENTINEL. I could not do without it. It is one of my best friends. I trust that it may continue to exert an ever increasing influence for justice and right. The Southern Watchman, of Nashville, Tenn., bas been enlarged from an eight-page to a sixteen-page weekly. The subscription price has been advanced from 5o cents to $1 per year, but the worth of the paper has more than doubly increased. Those desiring a good re-ligious weekly paper would do well to send in a subcription to the Watchman. The first number of the first volume of the Caribbean Watchman has reached our office. It is published at Port of Spain, Trinidad. In appearance it is very neat, and the workman-ship is good. It is published monthly. Its mission is to proclaim Biblical truths of a practical nature which are especially applicable to the people of to-day. It cannot help but do much good in its field. We wish it success. THE SENTINEL is in my opinion voic-ing the principles held and cherished by the framers of the Constitution, and which they embodied in that instrument. ÑA reader in Savannah, Ga. If you did not read the notice in last week's SENTINEL, headed "An Important Fund," please look up that issue and read it now. The money is needed immediately to help along this work. Let the friends of THE SENTINEL respond at once, send-ing contributions to The Sentinel of Christian Liberty, 11 W. 20th St., New York City. Negligence of its real, meaning has come to generally mark the Fourth of July. . . . The fathers saw to it that the Declaration was read on the Fourth, and they invited their orators to expound its principles and to set forth what it conferred of larger rights and greater responsibilities. It meant the people's ruleÑthe antithesis of privilege and those sinister rights, however ac-quired, which oppress the people. The man who sees no occasion to-day for such old-fashioned preaching is dull to the tendencies and perils of his time. No revival is more needed, in any sound consideration of American life, than a new understanding of and respect for the doctrines upon which the pioneers of 1776 planted the Republic.ÑSpringfield Republican. 