472 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY upon at two largely-attended services in the First Primitive Methodist Church in Jamestown, N. Y., on July 7. The phrasing of the topic is very appropriate, for it is evident that to most of the re-ligious leaders who are talking about " civic righteousness " the sum and sub-stance of the matter is comprehended in " the observance of the Sabbath," by which they mean the observance and en-forcement of the Sunday laws. " At the close of each service a rising vote was given against Sunday baseball playing and open saloons," and it was declared by the pastor, Rev. Samuel Darlington, that " the sheriff is not doing his duty in permitting such things." Ł On June 23 President Roosevelt des-ignated two men to be employed by the Government as special counsel in the prosecution of offenders in the Postof-fice Department. One of these two law-yers is Charles J. Bonaparte, of Balti-more, a leading and active Roman Cath-olic. He has many times been referred to in the Catholic press as the foremost Roman Catholic layman in the United States.ŠIt is announced that the Presi-dent will make an address at the annual council of the " Holy Name Society," a Roman Catholic fraternity that was re-cently affiliated with the National Federa-tion of Catholic Societies, which is to be held on the grounds of " St. Dominic's " in Oyster Bay, L. I., on July 26. In addi-tion to 5,000 members of the organization it is expected also that " a large represen-tation of Knights of Columbus and other Catholic organizations " will be present. Ł The pastor of the First Presbyterian Church at Oyster Bay, L. I., on July 12 " offered a prayer for the recovery of the Pope, and prayed also that the Cath-olic Church might be led into preaching a purer gospel." It would be well if all the other pastors who are eulogizing the  Pope would give some thought to this latter point. The opinion seems to be becoming established that Catholicism is just as pure a form of the gospel as any other. Ł In condemning the ruling of Solicitor Hallowell and upholding the Sunday law the Crookston (Mass.) Times says: "The spirit which evolved the law in question is to be found in its pristine energy and austerity in the modern enactments against fishing and gunning on Sunday." This is no doubt true, but it is high time that that spirit was passing away, for it is the spirit of religion by force and coercion. Ł Speaking of Sunday laws and their enforcement the Truth Seeker (Free-thought) asserts that " no one except the Freethinkers is objecting to these laws and outrages on principle." Can none but Freethinkers act from principle.? THE SENTINEL has been opposing Sun-day enforcement on principle for eighteen years. Ł Mr. Hiram Syar, of Wilburton, I. T., the seventh-day observer whose arrest, fining, and rearrest for Sunday work was reported four weeks ago, has been " cleared " in the second case. Two attorneys, Messrs. Gordan and Young, voluntarily defended film, " not for a fee, but from the standpoint of justice." Ł " Under the convoy of the Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts of the Reform Bureau," James M. Thoburn, Methodist Episcopal " Mis-sionary Bishop for Southern Asia," ap-peared by appointment before Secretary of War Root on July 9 " to argue in op-position to the licensing of the opium traffic in the Philippines." Ł " Whatever one man does to improve his own conduct improves the whole world." 