THE GOVERNNENT AND THE VATICAN AGAIN 35; the kind between Rome and Washington, is therefore as satisfactory to the Papal court as it is well inspired. So in addition to constituting a "ra-tional recognition of his [the Pope's] po-sition and aims by the American Govern-ment," it is expected that this "very ex-ceptional" commission will "make up for the shortcoming which was so glaring at the 3d of March !"Ł This "glaring" "shortcoming" we are told in another portion of the letter was "the absence of every kind of American official partici-pation in the congratulations." The cor-respondent says that now all kinds of ex-planations are being advanced as to why this was the case, one of them being "that the jubilee came as a surprise," and an-other "that the administration at Wash-ington did not know of it in time." But now this terrible shortcoming, this fright-ful delinquency, is all to be remedied by the sending of this commission, which "comes as a sequel and crowning success of the jubilee," and constitutes "one of the great successes of the reign of Leo XIII." In the same communication it is ob-served with reference to the object for which the commissioners are going to Rome: They are coming to negotiate about a sale of the properties of the Church. Obviously they are not coming to negotiate about robbery, vio-lence, or fraud. Their object is very different from that of Count Ponza di San Martino, the envoy of Victor Emmanuel, in September, 1870. Yes, undoubtedly. It does not mean the stripping of the Papacy of any of her power or any of her property. When she says that there is to be no negotia-tion "about robbery, violence or fraud," she feels quite sure that she is to get the best of the bargain, When she is asked to surrender anything then the matter be-comes one of "robbery, violence or fraud." Now it is of interest to know what  the Government thinks of this matter. This dispatch from Washington, under date of April 13, is no doubt reliable on this point : In administration circles in Washington there has,  been some amusement over the talk raised about the so-called mission to Rome. The facts are that Governor Taft has im-pressed strongly upon the President and the Secretary of War that the question of getting rid of the friars was of vital consequence to peace in the Philippines, and that to accom-plish this it was necessary to deal directly with Rome. After much consideration it was de-cided that Governor Taft should stop at Rome on his way to the Philippines to consult with the Church authorities and to see if it would not be possible to come to some agree-ment in behalf of the Philippine government. It was purely a business transaction. The United States Government is neither favorable nor hostile to any particular sect. It desires to treat all alike, with exact justice. It does not wish to do injustice to the friars by taking away their lands without compensation. On the other hand, it recognizes that, although the Christian Filipinos are practically all Roman Catholics, they are nevertheless a unit in de-manding that the friars leave the islands. Governor Taft, better than any other man, could explain this state of things at Rome. It is believed if an honorable and satisfactory ar-rangement can be reached the result will be most beneficial to the islands, and that prob-ably no other one thing could do so much good. This does not change the status of the matter, and adds nothing to what has already been presented, except that the administration is amused at "the talk raised about the so-called mission," and that it regards the matter as "purely a business transaction." Now, he is the condition or circum-stances out of which this commission has grown : Something over 400,000 acres of the best land in the Philippines, 121,- 000 acres of which is in the province in which Manila is located, is held by the Catholic religious corporationsŠthe Do-minicans, the Augustinians, and the Recollets. .How they came into posses- 