28o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY bath." And, if human well-being and the Sabbath came in conflict, Jesus had no question as to which should give way. * * In general, there is not a single word in the Christian Scriptures [the New Testament], from one end to the other, in regard to keeping any day at all, in any way whatsoeverŠnot one single word. The Jewish Sabbath is distinctly and definitely abrogated; and there is not one word from the lips of Jesus or any of His apostles concerning the keeping of any other day in its placeŠnot one single syl-lable. There are only a very few references to the first day of the week anywhere. We are accustomed to talk a good deal about the "Lord's Day," but that phrase occurs only once in the Bible, in the Book of Revelation ; and nobody can prove that the author had in mind our Sunday then. It is always "the first day of the week," and there is no command about it. We are not told what we ought to do on that day or ought not to do. * * * * * I challenge the world to contradict suc-cessfully and by facts any single utter-ance of mine this morning. * * * * * The first law ever issued on the subject by any authority whatsover was an edict of Constantine, promulgated in the year 321; that is, three hundred years went by before there was any law issued in regard to Sunday at all. Note that Constantine had been a sun-worshipper; and, when he issued this edict, what is it? He does not say anything about the Lord's day. He says nothing about the Sabbath, about the first day of the week. He does not refer to the resurrection, or to any divine command whatsoever. He simply by this edict makes what he calls "the great and venerable day of the sun" a holiday, In  other words, he releases people from the necessity of attending courts or engaging in any public business on that day, sets them free; and he distinctly and definite-ly says that the farmers whose work re-quires constant attention may feel them-selves perfectly free to look after their affairs as, usual, as they did on any other day. That is the first law ever issued con-cerning the keeping of Sunday. Now I wish to tell you how one or two of the great Church Fathers treated the matter. You would imagine them to know something about it. Saint Cyril, who was bishop of Jerusalem, and whose life spans the years from 315 to 386, uses these words : "Turn thou not out of the way to Samaritanism or Judaism; for Je-sus Christ hath redeemed thee. Hence-forth reject all observance of Sabbaths, and call not meats, which are really mat-ters of indifference, common or unclean." Then Jerome, the famous old Church Father, who lived from 34o to 42o, says this : "On the Lord's day they went to church; and, returning from church they would apply themselves to their allotted works, and make garments for them-selves and others." And again : "The day is not a day of fasting, but the day is a day of joy. The Church has always considered it a day of joy, and none but heretics have thought otherwise." Now I imagine that the Lutherans of this city, the Dutch Reformed churchesŠindeed, most orthodox churchesŠwould pay a good deal of regard to Luther's opinions. You know what Martin Lu-ther said about Sunday. He was speak-ing of an attempt being made in that day to enforce it on the churches on the basis of the Fourth Commandment ; and he says : "If anywhere the day is made holy for the mere day's sake, if anywhere any-one sets up its observance on a Jewish foundation, then I order you to work on 