THE ,SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tions, and decrees of general councils to the contrary." Benedict XIII. insisted that now that the other two popes had resigned, this left him sole and undisputably lawful pope. The emperor and a large number of attendants made a journey of nearly five hundred miles to Perpignan, in France, on the Gulf of Lyons, near the Spanish border, where they met the king of Aragon and all the princes who recog-nized Benedict as pope. They held a congress and sought by every possible means to persuade Benedict to resign ; but all in vain. At one of the sessions he argued for seven hours at a stretch, although he was seventy-seven years old, that he alone was lawful pope ; and that, if the good of the Church required him to resign, he alone had the right to elect .a new pope, being the only undoubted cardinal then alive, as having been created before the schism, and, consequently, by an undoubted pope. He declared that he " never would abandon the Church which it had pleased the Almighty to commit to his care; and at the same time declared excommunicated all who did not acknowl-edge him, whether emperors, kings, car-dinals, patriarchs, archbishops, or bish-ops ; and declared them to be rebels to St. Peter and his Church." His adherents all, except four cardi-nals, deserted him, and recognized the Council of Constance. Then the Council of Constance deposed him, July 26, 1417. But Benedict excommunicated and anath-ematized " the schismatic assembly at Constance, and all the princes and bish-ops who assisted at it or received its defi-nitions or decrees calculated to foment and perpetuate so dangerous a schism in the one holy Catholic and apostolic  Church; so that the only holy Catholic and apostplic Church was now to be found only at Peniscola," where Benedict then was. He persisted unto the moment of his death, that he was the only pope..  As long as he could speak he maintained it ; and " when he could no longer speak, he wrote down, with great difficulty, the following injunction addressed, as his last will, to his cardinals : I enjoin you, upon pain of an eternal curse.. to choose another pope after my death. The three cardinals did elect another-pope after the death of Benedict, whoŁ  took the title of Clement VIII. (Nov. 29, 1424) ; but he abdicated in favor of the-pope who had been elected by the Council of Constance, Martin V. (Nov. 8, 1417, to Feb. 20, 1431) . Martin V. left Constance for Rome,.  May 16, 1418. He remained a season in Geneva; then passed to Florence, where he arrived Feb. 27, 1419. While at Florence John XXIII., in June, 1419,.  " throwing himself at his feet, without any previous stipulations or conditions whatever, acknowledged him for the law-ful successor of St. Peter and Christ's vicar upon earth." On the fourteenth of June, Balthasar Cossa " ratified and con-firmed all the decisions of the Council of Constance relating to himself, and relat-ing to the election of Martin V.; re-nounced in a solemn manner all right and' title to the popedom ; was thereupon created by the pope cardinal-bishop of Tusculum ; was made dean of the sacred college ; and it was ordained that he should always sit next to the pope, and his seat should be somewhat raised above the seats of the other cardinals." He died December 20 following. In a recent public address in this city ex-President Grover Cleveland made this statement : " We have fallen upon a time when many disturbances in the cur-rents of our social, political and indus- trial life nearly give rise to the fear that the stalwart and patriotic popular virtues essential to our national success and hap-piness are growing weak, and perhaps . waning to extinction." - 