6o6 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY seems to us too clear for argument. Some of the most valuable instruction a person can re-ceive may be derived from reading alone, with-out any extrinsic aid by way of comment or exposition. The question, therefore, seems to narrow down to this : Is the reading of the Bible in the schoolsŠnot merely selected pas-sages therefrom, but the whole of itŠsectarian instruction of the pupils? In view of the fact already mentioned, that the Bible contains numerous doctrinal passages upon some of which the peculiar creed of almost every re-ligious sect is based, and that such passages may reasonably be understood to inculcate the doctrines predicated upon them, an affirmative answer to the question seems unavoidable. Any pupil of ordinary intelligence who listens to the reading of the doctrinal portions of the Bible will be more or less instructed thereby in the doctrines of the divinity of Jesus Christ, the eternal punishment of the wicked, the au-thority of the priesthood, the binding force and efficacy of the sacraments, and many other conflicting sectarian doctrines. In the case of Board of Education of the City of Cincinnati vs. John D. Minor, supra, certain taxpayers sought to prevent the school board from carrying out the resolution abol-ishing the opening exercises of the public schools, which included reading the Bible. The court discussed the question at great length, and held that the Christian religion was not the only religion under a clause of the Con-stitution requiring religious instruction in the schools; that to permit the Christian Bible to be used was to prefer the Christians to any other sect. The court then proceeds : Counsel say that to withdraw all religious instruction from the schools would be to put them under the control of the " infidel sects." This is by no means so. To teach the doctrines of infidelity, and thereby teach that Christian-ity is false, is one thing, and to give no instruc-tions on the subject is quite another thing. The only fair and impartial method, where serious objection is made, is to let each sect give its own instructions elsewhere than in the State schools, where of necessity all are to meet, and to put disputed doctrines of religion among other subjects of instruction (for there are many others) which can more conveniently, satisfactorily, and safely be taught elsewhere. These are the leading cases on the subject, and the consensus of opinion seems to be that Protestantism, as distinguished from other branches of Christianity, is a sect, and that Christianity, as distinguished from other re-ligions, is a sect. It surely began as a sect, for the followers of Christ were dissenters from the principles of Judaism and were known as a sect all to themselves. In the light, of the above decisions the King James version of the Bible is sectarian in its tendency. In fact, each version of the Bible extant is sectarian in its tendency. But, as- suming that the King James version is the version of no particular sect, it contains within its pages the doctrines of any number of sects or denominations. Upon this phase of the question the court says in the case of State vs. District Board, supra: The courts will take judicial notice of the contents of the Bible, that the religious world is divided into numerous sects, and of the general doctrines maintained by each sect; for these things pertain to general history, and may fairly be presumed to be subjects of common knowledge (r Greenl. Ev., secs. 5, 6, and notes). Thus they will take cognizance, without aver-ment, of the facts that there are numerous re-ligious sects called Christians. respectively maintaining different and conflicting doctrines; that some of these believe the doctrine of pre-destination. while others no not; some the doc-trine of eternal punishment of the wicked, while others repudiate it; some the doctrines of the apostolic succession and the authority of the priesthood, while others reject both; some that the Holy Scriptures are the only suf-ficient rule of faith and practise, while others believe that the only safe guide to human thought, opinion, and action is the illuminating power of the divine Spirit upon the humble and devout heart; some in the necessity and efficacy of the sacraments of the church, while others reject them entirely; and some in the literal truth of the Scriptures, while others belive them to be allegorical, teaching spiritual truths alone, or chiefly. The courts will also take cognizance of numerous other conflicts of doctrine between the sects; also that there are religious sects which reject the doctrine of the divinity of Christ, among which is the Hebrew or Jewish sect, which denies the in-spiration and authority of the New Testament. These denominations of the Christian church carry on a continual controversy among them-selves which often reaches to violent lengths. They divide, and are founded, often on the simple meaning of words and expressions in the Bible. It appears to be impossible that the Bible should be used as a text-book in literature, and its language, meaning, and lit-erary value discussed without precipitating a theological dispute and calling forth the preju- dices of teachers and pupils. It has been held, as appears above, that the mere reading of the Bible as a morning ex-ercise is sectarian instruction within the mean-ing of the State constitution. For a State of-ficer or school board to take action establish-ing the King James version of the Bible as a text-book in the public schools approaches very near to a discrimination in favor of the Prot- estant religion. Suppose any school board should be author- ized to cause the reading of the Bible as a morning exercise in the schools, Protestant taxpayers could mandamus the board to com- 