"SABBATH REFORM" OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA 7% some practical action to have this wholesale Sabbath desecration discon-tinued. We earnestly request your presence and co-operation in this im-portant matter. It seems that this meeting was called for the purpose of taking steps to have the city authorities do what was held to be their duty in the matter of Sunday-law enforcement, and when it con-vened "a motion to exclude reporters `out of courtesy to the city officials ' was carried." Then, in this " Sabbath-reform" star chamber, "the name, ad-dress, and occupation of every alleged violator of the Sunday law in the city, together with evidence to show that the law was being violated," were given in reports presented. It is said that there were "nearly 5,000 names, including five banks, hundreds of dry goods and clothing stores, hundreds of laundries, and about 3,000 cigar and candy stores." " After several speeches on the subject" it was de-cided to appoint and send a delegation of fifty "prominent ministers and lay-men" to "wait on Mayor Weaver and insist on his ordering that all store doors be barred on Sunday." Dr. Mutchler declared outside the meeting : "We are friends of the mayor, but we desire to acquaint him with some things he does not know." Later it was de-cided to enlarge the delegation, and "invitations were sent to eighty men of prominence in church affairs in the city." On the day appointed, Novem-ber 9, "fifty-nine ministers and laymen, headed by Rev. L. Y. Graham," waited on Mayor Weaver in his private office, and Mr. John H. Converse, the most prominent of the laymen, handed him this petition : As representatives of the various churches of Philadelphia we desire to express our thanks for your prompt action last summer in suppressing the violation of the Sunday law in the  parks of our city. With your permis-sion we now desire respectfully to call your attention to certain flagrant vio-lations of the Sunday law as specified in the accompanying statement, and to request you as the chief magistrate of our city to take such action as may be necessary for the proper enforcement of this most salutary law. With this a list of several hundred of the names and addresses presented in the star-chamber meeting "was handed to the mayor, and he was asked to order prosecutions." The persons against whom such extraordinary steps were taken to have the public authori-ties proceed were such dangerous char-acters as "sellers of milk, meat grocer-ies, soda-water, cigars, etc.," and the outrage which they had committed against society, and which called for the special attention and action of the chief executive of the municipality, was the selling of these terrible things "on Sunday." It was reported that the mayor said in response to remarks made : " I appreciate what you say, and am going to keep the city a Chris-tian one. I take pleasure in learning that it is now the most Christian city in the country." From which we in-fer that the spokesmen of this delega-tion of "prominent clergymen and lay-men" stated to the mayor that Philadel-phia, the city which Mr. Lincoln Stef-fens tells us is not only one of the most corrupt in the country, but enjoys the especial distinction of being the one of that class that is most contented in its corruption, was "the most Christian city in the country," and asked him "to keep the city a Christian one." But of course with the champions of "Sabbath" reform by law there is but one good Š Sunday observance; and but one evilŠSunday "desecration." With them Sunday observance is 'the length and breadth of Christianity. To them that city where Sunday observ- 