The Church and Its Work By W. A. Colcord THE church exists for the purpose of saving men from sin. With the af-fairs of the state it can of right have nothing directly' to do. While upholding law and order, and as a .natural and in-evitable result of its legitimate work, strengthening the moral foundations of society, its direct and specific business is to teach the principles of the kingdom of God, and prepare men for the world to come. Its means of warfare are prayer, per-suasion, and the word of God. No carnal weapon has been vouchsafed to it in its work. " Vengeance is mine," says the Lord, " I will repay." While to civil government has been committed the sword for the punishment of evil-doers, to the church has been given only " the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God." But this in the hands of the church, when skillfully employed, is a most telling and powerful instrument; " for the word of God is quick and powerful, and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the divid-ing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a dis-cerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." " The weapons of our warfare," says Paul, " are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds ; casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bring-ing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ." The church has therefore been well and sufficiently equipped for its work. Its members are exhorted to take to them-selves, and to put on, " the whole armor of God "Šthe girdle of " truth," the " breastplate of righteousness," the san-dals of "peace," and above all the " shield of faith," also the ' helmet of salvation,"  and lastly the " sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God." These constitute the " whole armor of God " for the Christian, and so for the church. Let it be noted that in this enumeration no carnal weapon is mentioned. The tem-poral sword or power of the state is not once referred to. These, therefore, are not included in the Christian's legitimate weapons of warfare. Whenever the church, therefore, appeals to the power of the state for help to carry on its work, it asks for something outside the armor provided for it by God, and virtually either says this armor is insufficient for its work, or confesses that it does not have it on. Let this point be carefully noted. When the church became a necessity is evidentŠwhen sin entered the world. Had there been no sin there would have been no one in need of salvation, and con-sequently no church. But the entrance of sin into the world made the existence of the church a necessity. And how long the church is needed is likewise plain. So long as there is sin in the world, and any one to be saved from sin, so long will the church be needed and have work to do in the world. The Word church comes from the Greek word ecclesia, which means " called out." The church, therefore, that is, the true church, is composed of those who have been called out from the world, who have renounced sin, and henceforth live unto God. They are the elect of God, the called according to His purpose. By faith they live a life of righteousness, and exemplify before the world the 'principles of the kingdom to which they belong. The church is the pillar and ground of the truth. Its work is to beseech men to be reconciled to God. Those composing it are to let their light so shine before Ł 