300 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY " necessity "? Is the reinsulation by workmen of a disturbed telegraph wire a work of " ne-cessity "? Is the repairing of a broken tele-phone wire a work of "necessity"? How and upon what evidence can your honor determine such a question as that? When President McKinley lay dying the telegraph was used to send forth daily to an anxious people the news as to his condition. And on Sunday in thousands of churches throughout the land telegraphic dispatches set-ting forth the condition of the august sufferer were read to sympathetic and eager congrega-tions. All these dispatches were sent by hired employees and distributed by paid laborers. Was this a work of " necessity "? When the very religious centres accepted and desired the  information, was it irreligious and " worldly " to perform this work? Was it a " necessity "? And if it should be held that it was a necessity, and not a violation of the statute, to send such messages and distribute them throughout the land, would it not also be a " necessity " and lawful occupation for newspapers to multiply the information by publishing it and distribut-ing it to other thousands and millions of people? The complainants, therefore, in this case have not presented your honor with the evi-dence upon which you can hold that these defendants were not performing a work of " necessity." And for this additional reason you should dismiss the complaint. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must he a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. O Sunday enforcement against ball play-ing has met with an early and decided reverse in New York this season. On March 29, the first favorable Sunday of the spring, numerous games were played by boys and young men in lots and ball fields about the city. On complaint of the New York Sabbath (Sunday) Com-mittee, policemen were sent to the scene of a game at Jasper Oval, 131st Street and Convent Avenue, at four o'clock in the afternoon. They arrested William Leith, twenty-nine years old, a clerk, who was selling tickets to the grounds and who was said to be the manager of the game. The case was made " a test to have an interpretation of the law in this city," and on April 17, in the West Side police court, Magistrate Joseph M. Deuel dismissed the case against Leith in a de-cision which read in part as follows : The arrest was at the instance of the Sab-bath Committee, whose attorney was permitted to control the prosecution, and who, if the fact existed, had abundant opportunity to show the character of the game, either on the Sunday in question or on previous Sundays, in respect  of its interfering with the repose and religious liberty of the day. No such evidence was of-fered. The attorney for such committee con-tended that baseball playing on Sundays is for-bidden by law, and therefore the question of annoyance to citizens is wholly immaterial. The evidence in this case does not show that any one was disturbed, unless it were the mem-bers of the Sabbath Committee, who went pur-posely, and in anticipation of what would oc-cur, to get evidence upon which to make an arrest. And yet the evidence does not show that any member of the Sabbath Committee was actually present. For aught appearing in the evidence before me, Jasper Oval is a se-cluded part of Manhattan Island, or is in a neighborhood entirely populated by people who uniformly keep another day of the week as holy time, and all the persons present on the occasion of the baseball playing were of like faith. Now, if, under the law, such persons may labor "on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," provided they do not " inter-rupt or disturb other persons observing the first day of the week as holy time," is it con-sistent to ascribe to the legislature the inten-tion to deprive such persons of the right and privilege of innocent and healthful recreation? They cannot labor on Saturday, because their religion forbids; many cannot labor on Sun- 