344 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY that it " might be construed as a peg on which to hang such further decision or such further enactment." Mr. Higgins, another of the delegates, said : There is a danger in these words, if we are to look at the precedent of the,United States. I find, on looking up a number of decisions in the United States, that it has been held again and again that, because of certain expressions, words or phrases used in the constitution, in-ferential powers are conferred upon Congress that go beyond any dream we have at present. The convention, however, evidently did its best to please all parties concerned. In the forenoon of March 2, 1898, upon a motion introduced by Mr. P. M. Glynn, of South Australia, it agreed to amend the preamble so as to read : Whereas the people of [the colonies adopting the constitution], humbly relying upon the blessing of Almighty God, have agreed to unite in one indissoluble Federal Commonwealth under the crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland," etc. In the afternoon of the same day the convention, by a majority of nine votes (25 to 16), also adopted the following clause, introduced by Mr. H. B. Higgins, of Victoria, in lieu of the one quoted at the beginning of this article, which had been stricken out : The Commonwealth shall not make any law for establishing any religion, or for imposing any religious observance, or for prohibiting the free exercise of any religion, and no relig-ious test shall be required as a qualification for any office or public trust under the Com-monwealth. This is a strong and noble guarantee of religious freedom under the Federal government. In most positive and ex-plicit terms it prohibits anything like a union of church and state under the Com-.monwealth, or the enactment of religious ligislation, or the enforcement of any religious observance. It is a veritable charter of liberty so far as the jurisdic-tion of the Australian Commonwealth is concerned, and should have been hailed with delight by every professed follower of Christ in the Commonwealth, for it is  in perfect accord with the principle which he laid downŠto render to Caesar only that which belongs to Caesar, and to God the things which belong to God. But those who were so anxious that a religious declaration should be made in the constitution did not take kindly to this clause. It cut off the very thing which they wished to secureŠlegislation in matters of religion. This is apparent from remarks made both inside and out-side of the convention. Thus, on a former occasion, when Mr. Higgins introduced practically the same measure, only including the States as well as the Commonwealth, Mr. O'Con-nor objected to it on the ground that " observance' might include Sunday observance." Dr. Cockburn also objected to it, because, he said, " it would prevent a State from making laws against Sunday trading." Referring to it, Mr. Isaacs asked, " Would that prevent the Com-monwealth from insisting upon Sunday being kept as a day of rest? " to which Mr. Barton replied that Mr. O'Connor had pointed out that " it might prevent Ł the passing of a law for Sunday ob-servance." Stating why he favored the clause in its later form, with the prohibi-tion to the States left out, Mr. (now Sir) Wm. Lyne said : " It is not a wise thing, where you have a number of States to deal with, to allow the Commonwealth authority to decide how Sunday should be observed." Mr. Fraser, another del-egate, opposed the measure entirely, be-cause, he said : If we give the right to an infinitesimal minority to come here and indulge in extraor-dinary practises, under the pretense that this is a new religion, we may have all the theatres and all the music-halls in Australia open on Sundays. The remarks from without were no less conspicuous in indicating where the real objection to the clause lay. After the work on the constitution had been 4t1 