480' THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. CHICAGO, AUGUST 2, 1900. ITEr Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. The latest report from China asserts that the Chinese are holding the European and American en-voys as hostages, pending negotiation for cessation of hostilities. King Humbert of Italy was shot and killed at Monza, last Sunday evening. The king had been at-tending a distribution of prizes in connection with a gymnastic competition. He had just entered his car-riage with his aid de camp amid the cheers of the crowd when he was struck by three revolver shots, fired in quick succession. One pierced the heart of his majesty, who fell back and expired in a few min-utes. The assassin was immediately arrested and with some difficulty saved from the fury of the populace. Last week a No',-;ro desperado in New Orleans shot and killed a policeman. A mob gathered to execute summary vengeance, and the result is that thirteen persons are dead, including the policeman, first shot ; and about forty are more or less seriously wounded, several fatally, it is thought. One perfectly Innocent Negro woman was shot by the mob in her own home, and a large Negro school building was burned. The Negro desperado was at last discovered hidden in a house, which was finally set on fire and burned to dis-lodge him. Before .being killed himself, the hunted man fatally shot six of his assailants. It now seems almost certain that the Chinese gov-ernment and not irresponsible rebels, merely, is at war with practically the whole world. All'the Powers concerned seem to be of the opin-ion that notwithstanding official reports to the con-. trary emanating from Chinese sources, all the foreign representatives in Peking have been murdered. There appears to be no reasonable ground for thinking oth-erwise. A As might readily be imagined, no event of modern times has so stirred the world as has this monstrous  crime against civilization. Troops are being seht to China as rapidly as possible by the Powers most deep-ly interested. In despatching a number of troops to China last Friday, Emperor William is reported to have said to them : "If you meet the enemy you will defeat him ; give no quarter ; make no prisoners ; let whoever falls in your hands be doomed. Just as a thousand years ago the Huns, under their King Etzel, made for them-selves a name, which to this day is a mighty one in tradition, so may your appearance make the name German be feared for a thousand years in China, so never again will a Chinaman dare to look askance at any German." Emperor William further explained that every heathen cult, even if it were the most beautiful, must succumb to the first actual trial of strength. He also expressed the hope that this war would carry Chris-tendo: z into all China. It is admitted that the provocation is great, but to the credit of the European press be it said that out-side of Germany the Emperor's utterance has seen se-verely criticized. One of the most interesting articles in the Ladies' Home Journal for August is "Why I Am Opposed to Pies," by Mrs. S. T. Rorer. "In my close observa-tion in the last twenty years," writes Mrs. Rorer, "I find very few people in our common struggle for ex-istence who can for any length,Of. time eat carelessly of complex foods. At forty or fifty a man may per-haps have accumulated wealth, but no_tilealth ; and of . what earthly use is the first without the second? Many persons in the generatidn gone before have eaten pies at least once a day, but they have not had meat three times a day, nor have they rushed at our pace. They gave more :time to the digestion of the pie. People who recommend these rich foods rarely know anything of their complex conditions, and still less of the com-plexity of digestion." Number 9 of the Religious Liberty Library is now ready. It is one of our best religious liberty tracts, and ought to have a wide circulation. It is entitled, "Christian Citizenship, or the Moral Regeneration of Society." This is a topic upon which very many peo-ple are ready to read, and this-tract is just what every one ought to have. It can be had at only 6o cents per hundred. Order of the International Religious Library Association, or of your Tract Society. Legislation may preserve the forms pertaining to a religious institution, but it cannot preserve the spirit of life within them, without which the institution is a dead letter. This applies to all Sabbath legislation. 