EDITORIAL 299 doctrine advanced by a lecturer on soci-ology. In the course of a series of lec-tures onŁ"The Prophets of Democracy," George William Curtis and Thomas Hill Green, especially the latter, were set forth as the representatives and expo-nents of the politics of the future, and the idea of the union of politics and re-ligion was declared to be the dominant one in their lives and philosophy. The lecturer declared that politics and relig-ion were absolutely inseparable, and that the teaching and inculcation of the doc-trine of their separation had been injuri-ous to society. It had resulted in a low moral standard in politics and the conse-quent corruption of government. He held that the very highest idea of right, and therefore of religion, should be the law of society in all its relations and departments, and that the statesman could be as much the servant and expo-nent of religion as the preacher. It is of some significance that in the same con-nection the lecturer declared the doctrine of individual, natural rights to be an utter absurdity, which no man who un-derstood the philosophy of history could believe for a moment. He declared that the individual was the product of society, and that apart from society he had no rights whatever. In a primitive state the individual had no rights ; he had no rights until he was made the subject of rights by society; the individual was constantly coming into the possession of more and more rights by virtue of the progress of society. However, at the conclusion of the lecture, a few inquiries from the au-dience drew from the lecturer the admis-sion that this point was an exceedingly difficult one and that he could not hope to make it perfectly clear. And certainly it was not made clear to some members of the audience. But the point to which we desire to di- rect attention here is that with regard to the union of religion and politics. We see that from three different viewpoints it is to-day held that politics and religion are inseparable. Now we do not deny that there is an element of truth in the position avowed from these three sources. But there is in it no more truth than there is in the position of the Pa-pacy set forth elsewhere. The position of the*Papacy is just as reasonable and just as logical. The Papacy agrees with the Methodist that politics is God's busi-ness, "and, of course, the business of the church." She agrees with the "liberal" theologian that "society is a unit," and that there is a common basis to the whole social structure. She agrees with the Socialist and the prophet of democracy that politics and religion are by right absolutely inseparable. Now, however reasonable and logical this theory of the relation of religion and government may seem, we are convinced that it is a subtle error. We cannot enter into a consideration of it here, as this article is already too long, but what we have given is very suggestive and the reader can think for himself. In conclu-sion we make these two observations: First, that persecution and the Inquisi-tion itself was the outgrowth of this the-ory in the past, as history abundantly confirms. Second, that the most godless theory of the constitution of society is that which makes society or any of its organized forces, whether known as "the Church," the state, the social conscience, or whatnot, God; which interposes any human thing between the individual and his Creator. It seems to us that on this point the democratic philosophy of to-day is at one with the Papacy of the Mid-dle Ages, and between these two extreme schools of thought are found others which agree with both on this point. 