WHAT EMINENT MEN HAVE SAID 145 when every shop shall be closed on the Sabbath, but let it be by force of con-viction and not by force of policemen; let true religion triumph by the power of God in men's hearts, and not by the power of fines and punishments.ŠCharles H. Spurgeon. Proscription has no part nor lot in the modern government of the world. The stake, the gibbet, the rack, the thumb-screws, swords, and pillory, have no place among the machinery of civi-lization. Nature is diversified ; so are human faculties, beliefs, and practises. Essential freedom is the right to differ, and that right must be sacredly respect-ed.ŠJohn Clark Rid path. Almighty God hath created the mind free; all attempts to influence it by temporal punishments or burdens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to be-get habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, who, being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercions on either, as was His almighty power to do. ŠThomas Jefferson. Condemn no man for not thinking as you think. Let every one enjoy the full and free liberty of thinking for himself. Let every man use his own judgment, since every man must give account of himself to God. Abhor every approach, in any kind of degree, to the spirit of persecution. If you can not reason or persuade a man into the truth, never at-tempt to force a man into it. If love will not compel him to come, leave him to God, the Judge of all.--John Wesley. To employ force in propagating re-ligion, or maintaining it where it has been propagated, is to offer it a dis- honorable and pernicious service. To attempt to compel a man to become re-ligious is itself a piece of irreligion, and the absurdity of such an attempt is as flagrant as the iniquity of it. . . . The acts of faith and obedience to which the gospel calls us are a reasonable service, to which we are to be drawn by the mercies of God, and not driven by the terrors of men.ŠClarke's History of In-tolerance. What, then, is religious liberty ?ŠIt is that liberty or right which every man possesses to believe the gospel, to wor-ship God, to profess and propagate re-ligion, without human molestation. . . . Life without this liberty is, to a generous mind, a burden and a torment. What can be greater degradation to a rational being, endowed by his Creator with powers to think, judge, and decide for himself, than to become the property and slave of another, wearing the chains and fetters of the most infamous bond-age ?ŠBenjantin Brook. What is known is sure ; therefore be tolerant. There is much to be discov-ered ; be therefore twice tolerant. For want of this diffidence and modesty cer-tain great persons in the pastŠsuch as Reformers and PuritansŠwere not by any means tolerant, were indeed filled at times with the spirit of persecution. They were very much convinced of truth, and were also certain that they had air truth, and so fell into an arro-gant and insolent temper, whose influ-ence has nbt quite departed from their children.ŠRev. John Watson. The real security of Christianity is to be found in its benevolent morality; in its exquisite adaptation to the human heart; in the felicity with which its scheme accommodates itself to the ca- 