AN INDICTMENT OF NEW YORK'S SUNDAY LAW  565 eral practise of religious systems hold-ing to the theory of the rightfulness of re-ligious legislation in countries where they have had control of the civil power. But it is put forth as sound doctrine even by  these in countries where they are not as yet in the ascendancy. They, thereby, when in the minority, recognize and plead for a principle which, when in the major-ity, they ignore and deny. An Indictment of New York's Sunday Law' III I F it is intended to avoid the certain and fatal consequences of disregard-ing the particular day appointed as holy time by the authority in virtue of which only to keep any sabbath is held to be a moral obligation, it must be admitted that the seventh day of the week, and not the first, is the Sabbath day instituted by divine appointment, and therefore to keep the first is not a moral obligation, nor is work or play performed thereon an act of immorality. The law on which we are treating therefore, if sustained at all, must obtain other support than that intended to be derived from the alleged command of God. That evidence proves too much to show that the first day of the week is a sabbath instituted by divine authority. It rather proves that the first day of the week is not the day appointed  by God's command to be kept as holy time. As strange as it may seem, and doubtless is, the law of which we are treating exacts implicit belief in the divine appointment of a sabbath day, and at the same time by recognizing, nay by coercing, the observance of another than the seventh day of the week as holy time, impeaches the testimony of the only wit-ness relied upon for proof of the divine institution of any sabbath day. It in-sists on his being credited in the latter instance, though the law itself and its advocates renounce his testimony as to the day he.  alleged God directed to be remembered and kept holy as a sabbath ! Such is the inconsistency of the law itself with the testimony adduced to support it. I am aware that it has been and may again be said " that the day is not essen- Seventy-seven years ago there was pub-lished in New York a pamphlet, a transcript of the title page of which is as follows: "The People's Rights Reclaimed; being An Expo-sition of the Unconstitutionality of the Law of the State of New York Compelling the Observance of a Religious Sabbath Day, and Erroneously Entitled An Act for Suppressing Immorality,' Passed March 13th, 1813. Ad-dressed to the People of the State of New York. New York, 1826. A. Spooner, Printer, Brooklyn." Its publication was called forth by the revision of the State laws then taking place and certain attempts that had been made "to affect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws." Although the excuse for New York's Sunday legislation has been somewhat changed since then, it being now professedly for the preven-tion of " crimes against religious liberty and  conscience" (although still coming under the general heading of " crimes against public decency and good morals"), whereas then it was " for suppressing immorality," it remains the same in principle, object, and effect, and the masterly and unanswerable indictment of the law as it then was made by the unknown author of the above pamphlet is still a masterly and unanswerable indictment of the law as it now is, and incidentally of all other Sunday legislation. The widespread disposition now manifested to uphold and "to affect an exten-sion of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sun lay laws " makes the matter in this pamphlet very pertinent to-day, and hence we are publishing it in full in THE SENTINEL. The somewhat peculiar style of the author in itali¥ cizing words will be followed, so unless other-wise indicated words in italics are as they ap-pear in the pamphlet.ÑEDITOR. 