340 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY over the prohibition of the sale of meats. On this point the paper remarks : There are a great many people who feel that the law should not have been made to apply to meat markets. Men in the community who are known to be uniformly strict in their ob-servance of the Sabbath day deem it no ir-reverent act to go to the meat market on Sun-day morning for fresh meat. This is of course equivalent to saying that what is in keeping with the " ob-servance of the Sabbath day " and is therefore " no' irreverent act " should not be prohibited by the law. And of course that is equivalent to saying that the " observance of the Sabbath day " and the prevention of "irreverent " acts is or should be the object of the Sun- day-closing law. e Three weeks ago we presented some statements made by " Rev. Father Mur-phy " in a sermon at the " Church of St. Paul the Apostle " in this city on March 8. In the same connection he made the declaration that " the fundamental idea of the family and the home " was " an idea which she [the Roman Catholic Church] gave to Europe, and Europe to the civilized world." This is a good spec-imen of the baseless pretentions that the Church " is making to-day, and which many people seem very willing to swal-low.. If the Catholic Church has any ideas about the family and the home that are worth anything, she gets them from the sources whence the rest of the world ' has obtained them. There were families and homes before the Catholic Church existed, and as good and true ones as have ever or will ever be produced under let influence. The fundamental idea of the family and the home was known and lived out thousands of years before there was any such organization as the Catholic . Church, and the civilized world would have retained and have been as fully in possession of that idea as it is to-day had  the Catholic Church never existed. As long as the inhabitants of the civilized world have before them such teachings as are found in the Hebrew Scriptures and are not dead to the higher instincts and feelings of human nature, they will not need to go for the fundamental idea of the family and the home to an organization which has cursed the earth and degraded the idea of the family and the home with the idea of monasticism and celibacy, and which has had among its infallible " heads and " spiritual " guides such men as were Boniface VI, John XII, Clement VI, John XXIII and others like them. Ł There are indications that another " holy " day or religious holiday is on the way toward joining the " legal " Sunday as a state supported and protected insti-tution. We refer to " Good Friday." New York and Chicago public schools are now closed officially on this day; in fact the schools in New York are closed all during " Holy Week," because, as the by-law of the board of education says, it is " the week in which the day commonly known as Good Friday occurs." The Chicago schools were ordered closed this year by a committee of the school board in spite of the remonstrance of a Jewish school trustee, who pointed out that the ac-tion "was contrary to the fundamental prin-ciples of the nation, which separate church and state, and was also in violation'of a rule recently passed by the school board, which declared that ' in the theory of the separation of church and state the board of education has no right to take official recognition of any religious holidays.' " In emphasizing his protest this Jewish trustee declared that Jewish holidays were never recognized and observed by the schools. The chairman of the committee replied that " there was a difference be-tween the observance of Good Friday and Jewish holidays in this country, since the 