femffaell OF C11770STUM Lill MTV VoL. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1903 No. 39     Educators Favor Re- As stated last week ligion in the Pub- there is developing in lic Schools the educational world itself a sentiment or conviction favorable to the idea of making religious instruc-tion a part of the public educational sys-tem. More and more the truth is being emphasized that a secular education is not a complete education ; that religious training is essential for a proper and all-round development of mind and char-acter. And it is assumed that it is the business of the public educational system, or should be its aim, to produce an all- - round development of mind and charac- ter. And so the matter of religious in-struction and its introduction in the pub-lic schools is coming up and being dis-cussed at the annual meetings of the National Educational Association. At the meeting in Boston in July one session was devoted to a discussion of the mat-ter. The chief feature, or at least it be-came the chief feature, was a paper by United States Commissioner of Educa-tion William T. Harris on " The Separa-tion of the Church from the School Sup-ported by Public Taxes," a portion of which we print elsewhere. Preceding this papers were read by Prof. George A. Coe of Northwestern University, Chi-cago, and " the Very Rev. E. A. Pace, Ph.D., S.T.D., of the Catholic University of America," the topic of the latter being " The Influence of Religious Education on the Motives of Conduct." " There was no dissent of importance from the convictions presented " in these two  papers, but it is very significant that the sound, able, American, yes, and Chris-tian, position of Dr. Harris " aroused im-mediate antagonism." We are told, though not from an impartial source, that " most of the educators present felt that the speaker was twenty-five years behind the times." Dr. N. C. Schaffer, State Superintendent of Schools of Pennsyl-vania, " insisted on the need of some re-ligious instruction in the schools," and " protested against the common idea that Bible reading in the schools means the sum and substance of religious educa-tion." Others " cordially endorsed his utterances." Rev. William S. Chase, of New York, " charged denominationalism with the exclusion of religious teaching," and made the very significant point that "with religious unity there would be no trouble about religious teaching." " Re-ligious unity is coming, and there can be little doubt as to what it will mean in this matter. We are told that the dis-cussion " revealed a majority in favor of some sort of religious instruction in the public schools," and that " noting which gratifying circumstance, the Rev. Dr. Pace said : It is a great problem which is not insuperable, and the fact that open discussion of it has begun shows that it will be settled in America.' " So the drift of affairs in the educational world itself already assures Catholicism that the obstacles to what it aims at in this matter are not insuperable, and that the question of religion in the schools, for which it is chiefly responsible, " will be 