358 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the chief of police of the city have been removed by the St. Petersburg authori-ties. There seems to be little room for doubt that the local authorities abetted the outbreak. It has been declared in some quarters that the hatred of the Rus-sians for the Jews was not because of religion, but' because of financial and commercial relations between the two classes. Possibly the Jews are hated for other thari religious reasons, but it is cer-tain that the hatred consists chiefly of re-ligious intolerance. The fact that the Kishineff massacre took place on the days of the Russian Easter celebration leaves no doubt as to its religious character. We do not know how true it is, but Jew-ish paper's say that the people began the rioting just after leaving the churches, and that they were incited to their mur-derous work by the clergy in the churches. Meetings of protest and con-demnation of the atrocity, and to raise funds .to relieve the destitute, have been held in many places in this country. At an indignation mass-meeting at Carnegie Hall in New York on the evening of May 27, Mayor Low, Ex-President Cleveland, President Schurman of Cor-nell University, Rev. Dr. MacArthur and Mr. Edward M. Shepherd spoke in con-demnation of the Kishineff atrocities and of the treatment of the Jews in general in Russia. A gratifying feature of some of the addresses was the recognition of the fact that Russia and her people are not the only offenders against human rights in the world to-day. Mr. Cleve-land referred to the " mob violence and murderous assaults " upon Chinese and Italians in this country, and President Schurnian and Mr. Shepherd declared that this Kishineff massacre was but a terrible manifestation of a spirit that seems to be taking possession of people in all lands and countries to-day. The world at the present time, they said, was having a recrudescence of savagery and  barbarism. Mr. Shepherd called atten-tion to the riotous outbreak against a Jewish funeral procession in the streets of New York last summer as evidencing the fact that even in the United States anti-Semitism exists. Dr. MacArthur declared that he was ready to repudiate Christianity if it was responsible for the Kishineff atrocities. He said that the charge of ritual murder made against the Jews by some so-called Christians was originally an accusation made by the pa-gan Romans against the early Christians. Mr. Cleveland said such things as the Kishineff massacre " give rise to the dis-tressing fear that even the enlightenment of the twentieth century has neither de-stroyed nor subdued the barbarity of human nature." The conclusion of his speech is worth preserving: Protest against every pretense of civilization that permits medieval persecution, against every bigoted creed that forbids religious toleration and freedom of conscience, against all false enlightenment that excuses hatred and cruelty toward any race of men, and against all spurious forms of government protection that withhold from any human being the right to live in safety and toil in peace. On the Sunday of the " week of prayer for the Sabbath," April 19, Rev. J. Ross Stevenson, pastor of the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in New York, preached on the topic, " The Sabbath for Man." He vigorously condemned the construction which he said was now com-monly placed upon the words of Christ, " the Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath," declaring that it was not made for man to use as he pleased, but for him to use in his highest interestsŠthe interests of his soul. He said that the Sabbath originated at crea-tion, that the law of its observance was a divine, immutable law, embedded in the very heart of God's moral codeŠthe Ten Commandments. He made an exceed-ingly brief and gingerly reference to the 