EDITORIAL 787 he used as he saw fit for "the safety of the people." And thus the will of a sin-gle man for the time being became the supreme law. And this, of course, at last ended in an empire and an emperor, when the will of a single individual be-came permanently the supreme law. It is announced from Illinois that a plan is on foot in that State "to send to the State capital this winter an immense lobby of Christian citizens, who will re-main there and work for the success of every good bill approved by the Christian Citizenship League." It is "hoped to se-cure the attendance of one thousand clergymen and prominent church work-ers during the session of the legislature," and it is thought that "the ;floral force of such a body will be sufficient to insure good legislation." It is safe to say that moral force will be the least of the forces employed by such a body. Mr. James H. Shaw, Jr., of Bloomington, is said to be the leader of this movement. The plan was announced "at the recent Methodist conference in Streator," and will be pre-sented "to every conference in the State," as it "has. already met with much encour-agement among the clergy and laity of the State." We venture that such a plan will be very much in favor with the clergy and laity, but that may not by any means insure it to be a good one. There is danger in such religious combinations to exercise political power, even when its exercise begins in behalf of such a good measure as an anti-cigarette bill, as it is said is to be among the first of the bills to be pushed by this "immense lobby of Christian citizens." Mr. John Kensit, the London book-seller who during the past six or seven years has led an agitation in England against the growing ritualism and Ro-manizing tendencies in the Church of  England, and who gained great notoriety because of certain sensational incidents which marked his crusade, died early in October as the result of a blow from a chisel which some one hurled at him at the close of a meeting which he had addressed on September 25. Mr. Ken-sit's son, who participated with him in the anti-ritualistic and anti-Roman Catholic crusade, and who was in prison at the time, was allowed, under police escort, to visit his father before his death, and was released very shortly after. He was re-cently imprisoned "for refusing to find bail to keep the peace by abandoning the holding of meetings." Either these meet-ings were very fruitful of riots, or else this is very strange news to come from England. But it is not to be presumed that the Kensits were responsible for all the riots that attended their meetings. There are some people, some religionists, so lawless that they will not allow any one to publicly speak the truth with re-gard to certain things without raising a riot and attempting to kill him. Whatever it may have been, might be, or will be, it is evident' that the theater is to-day a great corrupting force. In a newspaper article on "A Modern Play" "A Woman" well says : "Nothing is gained in any way by seeing such a per-formance. Young girls and boys sit through the matinees and absorb vice and wickedness. How can we look for a clean-minded, healthy generation of wom-en when girls of sixteen spend their holi-day afternoons losing their modesty of mind by listening to the exaltation of wickedness and in watching the oblitera- ' tion of virtue?" The real problem which these reeking "problem plays" present is the great problem of the open sore of cor-ruption and degeneracy on the social or-ganism. Their popularity emphasizes the existence of that festering sore, and their 