SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 349 i p State, (2) the Individual, (3) and to Religion." One address was made in German. Resolutions were adopted in the name of the " citizens of Fairmont " .commending and approving the Chicago & Northwestern Company for its restric-tion of freight traffic on Sunday, and the Chicago and St. Paul Company for " run-ning no passenger trains on certain lines of its system on Sunday," and protesting " against any Sunday trafficing in our city, as subversive of respect for law and the best interests of our community," and " against Sunday baseball games in our community as doing violence to the quiet, peace and good order which the day de-mands." The preamble of the resolutions declared that " it is the testimony of all history that the best interests of society and the commonwealth are most truly conserved when the hours of the Sabbath ' are devoted to rest and relief from un-necessary labor." O The strict enforcement of the Sunday law at Pensacola, Fla., on May 3, was " due to the stand taken on the previous Sunday by the ministers in enforcing the law against ball playing." " Enthusiasts decided to continue the work commenced by the ministers." A mass-meeting was held and a committee of fifteen appointed " to make the rounds of the city with the sheriff and deputies to see that every store, fruit stand, meat market and such like places usually kept open on Sunday were closed." Sunday enforcement cru-sades nearly always originate with clergymen. A report from Pensacola under date of May 17 said : To-day witnessed another .closed town, the Sunday blue laws again being enforced, but not so strictly as was the case the two pre-ceding Sundays. The sheriff has made it known that he does not propose to follow up his course of last Sunday and the one previous in making it his business to see that there were no violations of the law. He said to-day that parties desiring the enforcement of the blue  laws could file their complaints with the county solicitor. The sheriff himself will re-port any violations that he may see to-day, but will not make any arrests until the county solicitor files informatiqns against the parties and the warrants are actually issued for the offenders. Only one hackman ventured to follow his pursuit, and he was one who had made a test case of his arrest on the pre-ceding Sunday and had not yet had his trial. Ł Having heard complaints that " certain stores and places of business are open during a greater portion of the forenoon on Sunday and that public traffic in the commodities kept for sale in such stores goes on upon the Sabbath day the same as other days," the mayor of Wadena, Minn., on May 5, issued a public notice in which he asked " all business men of the village who have been accustomed to keep open their places of business on Sunday to desist hereafter from so do-ing." He quoted the recently amended' " Public Traffic " section of the State Sunday law and said, " it seems to be the opinion of a number of the citizens of Wadena that an especial responsibility devolves upon the person who happens from year to year to be president of the village council in the matter of the en-forcement of the laws of the State similar to the one cited." He said that " those engaged in the saloon business " were complying with the Sunday law, and that " it does not seem right or fair when one class of business men is undertaking to obey the laws of the State relative to the conduct of their business that other busi-ness men should continually violate the law in the conduct of theirs." This is somewhat of a turning about of matters ; usually the closing of stores is presented as a sufficient argument for the closing of saloons, but here the closing of saloons is an argument for the closing of stores 