SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the country in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. Five persons were recently arrested and fined at Prairie Depot, Ohio, on the charge of hunting on Sunday. A bill was introduced into the New York legislature on January 8 "allowing the delivery of uncooked flesh and meat purchased on Saturday the following Sunday morning." It is reported from Dubuque, Iowa, that "Archbishop Keane has organized the clergy and the laity for the enforce-ment of the mulct law, particularly re-garding Sunday closing." The board of trade of Asbury Park, N. J., has voted to take steps to bring about the stopping of trains at that place on Sundays. It is reported that "the proposed innovation will be opposed by the officials of the Ocean Grove Camp Meeting Association, who have an agreement with the railroad company to the effect that no trains shall stop within a mile of Ocean Grove on the Sabbath." The Meat Cutters and Butchers' Union of Syracuse, N. Y., recently se-cured the conviction of James Sarno, a butcher of that city, who was charged with violating the State law prohibiting the sale of uncooked meats on Sunday. The case was in the nature of aŁ test prosecution, and at the request of the complainants ithe judge pronounced a suspended sentence of thirty days upon Mr. Sarno. On January 5 John J. Barry, a dele-gate for the Association of Grocery Clerks, was busy in the interests of Sun-day enforcement on the West Side, in New York City. He purchased a four-cent box of stove polish at one place and a ten-cent can of peas at another. These he exhibited as evidence against the two grocerymen, whose arrests he had caused, in the West Side police court the next day. Both men were fined $5 each. Another groceryman was also fined the same amount "for selling bacon after hours." Having heard that rifle practise by mili-tiamen had taken place on the rifle range between Whitman and Brockton, Mass., on several Sundays, the New England Sabbath Protective League called the matter to the attention of Adjutant-Gen-eral Dalton, evidently with the request that the practise be discontinued. The matter was referred to the Inspector-' General of Rifle Practise, who assured the league that he would "take immedi-ate steps to prevent any further desecra-tion of the Sabbath by members of the Massachusetts Volunteer Militia on the rifle range named in your.  letter." This is declared by the organ of the league to be "the attitude of the State toward such secularities on the Lord's day." "I don't want any arrests to be made for selling a shoe-string, selling bread, a collar, or some milk," declared Magis-trate Crane in the Essex Market Court, New York City, on January 6. "If such 