A CONFESSION OF THEIR INJUSTICE 147 sanctuary of the soul ; and not from indifference, but that the infinite Spirit of eternal truth might move in its free-dom and purity and power.ŠGeorge Bancroft. Secular power has proved a satanic gift to the church, and ecclesiastical  power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of the state.ŠDr. Philip Schaff. It is not toleration that is established in our system, but religiotis equality.ŠJudge Thomas Cooley. A Confession of their Injustice By C. P. Bollman MANY who endeavor to show a ne-cessity for Sunday laws admit that the state has no right to require Sunday rest on religious grounds, but it is held that the state can rightfully re-quire the same thing on civil grounds. This is to say, that it the state made an individual stop work on Sunday be-cause of the religious character of the. day, that would be doing him a wrong; but if it required him to desist from Sunday work because rest one day in seven is a physical necessity to man's well-being, or something of that kind, that' there would be no wrong done him. Now, precisely the same thing is re-quired of the individual in both cases ; precisely the same effect is felt by the individual. Yet we are asked to believe that in the one case he would be suffer-ing a wrong, while in the other case there would be no wrong done to him whatever. Whether he suffered an in-justice or not would be not a question of the nature of the act or its result upon him at all, but only of the motive by which the act was prompted ! Such dis-tinctions we confess are altogether too fine for our comprehension. If the thing prohibited were some-thing wrong in its very nature, as mur-der or theft, the case would be different.  The state cannot deal with murder from a religious standpoint, that is, as a sin, but can deal with it as a crime, and as such prohibits it under the severest penalties. But honest labor cannot be classed with murder, theft, or any other act wrong in itself. Honest labor is not a thing to be prohibited as an enemy of social peace and order. It would be far more reasonable to prohibit idleness on such grounds, since idleness is known to breed disturbance and crime. In the one case the act is wrong in itself, and is prohibited for that reason. By its prohibition no injustice can be done to anyone. In the other caseŠwhere labor on Sunday is prohibitedŠit is admitted that injustice is done the person who is thus restrained, if the reason for the prohibition be a religious one ; and this is an acknowledgement that the act is all right in its character and may be for the benefit of the person performing it, which could not be true of anything wrong in itself. The indi-vidual suffers a hardship in being com-pelled to lose one-seventh of his time, which is an injustice to him if done on re-ligious grounds, yet the very same hard-ship is no injustice at all if the reason for it is alleged upon civil grounds ! Injustice becomes justice simply by alleging a 