312 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ence to the needs of Cuba. The "protection" of industries works very much as does the "protection" of religion and its institutions, notably "the Sun-day." The more legislative protection it has, and the more evident it becomes that it is fully competent to take care of it-self, the louder arises the cry for its "protection" by law. It is coming to be the opinion of political economists who have not hitherto taken that view of the matter, that an industry that must for-ever be "protected" is one that should never have been protected at all, and that the sooner it is left to perish the better it will be for the economic health of the country. And this is a doctrine that ap-plies with even greater force to such "protected" religious institutions as Sun-day observance. If it is never to be able to walk alone without legislative support, the quicker it is deprived of that support the better it will be for all concerned. An "original hymn on Sunday saving, by Father Walworth, one of the founders of the Paulist Fathers," appeared, set to music, in the New York Journal of March 2. "Father" A. P. Doyle, of the Paulist Fathers, furnished a copy of the hymn for publication, and made this statement in his communication to the Journal: "Surely the American Sunday is one of our most sacred institutions, and to save it from the inroad's of the saloon is akin to the highest patriotism." We give the words of the hymn below, although aside from what it may suggest to those who would be informed regard-ing the Sunday enforcement movement, we see nothing about it to make it worthy of republication : What sounds are these like thunder peal 'Mid might of men and clash of steel? The line, the line, the Christian line! On Brothers, on to guard the line. The shopman closes till and store, The workman's tool is heard no more ; Sweet bells with music fill the air, They call the land to praise and prayer. What malcontents are these we meet, Low discord growling thro' the street? Freedom they ask with beer and wine, To desecrate the Day Divine. Look up! look up! a spirit band, Our Fathers sentinel the land; This day of reit is their bequest, Its shield shall be the Christian's breast. Says the Christian Register, of Bos-ton, an exponent of the doctrine of evo-lution : "The mystery of evolution is greatly increased by the discoveries which extend our knowledge of the his-tory of civilization by several thousand years. For, no matter how far back we go, we find some race in which human nature was substantially what it is now. As we go back through the ages once supposed to be wholly miraculous in the history of the ancient world, we find that business was transacted almost ex-actly as it is now, excepting modern con-veniences, and that even the labor ques-tion is much older than the Egyptian Pyramids." Yes, human nature, no mat-ter how far back we go, was substantial-ly what it is now. There are not many new things under the sun, and even the theory upon which rests such ideas as that human nature is now much different from what it once was, is not as new as is generally supposed. And the "mys-tery" of it will become greater and great-er, not only with the extension of a knowledge of the past, but with the de-velopment of a genuine knowledge of the present. 