354 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. signed to be, spiritual. The reason assigned in the divine Sabbath law itself for observing the day strongly negatives the primacy of physical rest : "Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work, * * * for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." Ex. 20 :8-1 1. Here the reason assigned for setting apart the Sabbath is plainly stated to be the fact of the Lord's rest upon that day after the work of creation. Then, too, it should be remembered that not only was the Sabbath given to the race before the fall, before man was subject to the necessity of wearing toil, but it will endure and be observed by the redeemed in the im-mortal state. See Isa. 66:22, 23. THE SABBATH A MEMORIAL. Thus it appears that first of all the Sabbath is a memorial, designed to keep fresh in the mind of man the great and fundamental truth that God is the Cre-ator. It is not idleness, then, that is to be secured by the Sabbath, but holy meditation, as is plainly taught in Isa. 58:13,14: "If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him, not doing thine own way, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words ; then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord." This shows the highly spiritual nature of the Sab-bath given to man by the Creator ; and the fact that this spiritual significance is always and everywhere made prominent shows that it is an essential part of the Sabbath. Without this the most beneficial phy-sical rest is impossible. THE EVIL OF IDLENESS. There is nothing worse for man than idleness. When hand and brain are not jointly occupied, the mind, during waking hours, should be employed with elevating thoughts ; otherwise, better many fold that brain and body toil together, the former directing the latter in physical exertion until weary with labor they together find rest in "nature's sweet restorer, balmy sleep." IDLENESS PHYSICALLY HARMFUL. Idleness is not restful. Nothing is so wearing to both mind and body as enforced inactivity. It requires only a few months' solitary confinement to wreck the average man both mentally and physically. Ł Better far the wearing toil of the convict camp than the solitary "rest" of the dungeon. What men in their waking hours need most is not inactivity, but change. From the merely physical  standpoint the weekly holiday is vastly superior to the weekly "civil Sabbath," because it gives change of oc-cupation ; not change from voluntary toil to enforced idleness. It exchanges the office for the tennis court, the factory for the excursion, the smoke and hurry of the city for a few hours in the purer and more restful atmosphere of the country. So far as the merely animal nature is concerned, why is not the theater the peer of the church ? the con-cert equal to the sermon? the excursion as good as the trip to meeting and return ? the picnic as prof-itable as the regulation Sunday dinner? THE CONTINENTAL SUNDAY. If the advocates of Sunday laws are sincere in the profession they make, that they only desire to estab-lish by law a "civil Sabbath"Što secure to the tired la-borer needed rest, and that they have no wish whatever to force him to go to church by forbidding him to go anywhere elseŠif this be true, why do they demand the prohibition of Sunday amusements equally with Sunday labor ? The fact is, and it cannot be successfully disguised, that Sunday laws rest upon the supposed sanctity of the day, not upon the physical needs of weary toilers. The "civil Sabbath" is no more civil than would be baptism if it were enforced by civil law. It is simply a religious dogma enforced by civil penalties. B. Union of the State With Religion. Very few people in this country will openly admit that they favor a union of church and state. The Na-tional Reform party, which has taken the lead in work that directly leads to such a union, is as much against the union of church and stateŠaccording to their defi-nition of such unionŠas any other people are. They do not want the government to unite with the Meth-odist church or the Baptist church, or the Presby-terian, the Congregational, the Disciple, the Lutheran, or the Roman Catholic, or with any other denomina-tion. They only want the government to become Christian, like an individual who accepts and practices Christian truths. The government should not unite with any church, they say, but it should by all means unite with religion. Almost any intelligent person can define the evils of a union of church and state. But a union of re-ligion and the state in this country would really be far worse as regards intolerance than a union of the state with any church. This is evident in the light of the fact that such a union would inevitably meet with the combined opposition of all the other churches, and would therefore be shorn of all power to enforce the 