Ł Blank for one year's subscription Publishers Sentined of Christian Liberty, , 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. Gentlemen: Find inclosed one dollar ($1) for which please send The Sentinel to the following address for one year, beginning with the issue of  1904 Name  Place  Street or County   State  Blank for six months' subscription Publishers Sentinel of Christian Liberty, 222 N. Capitol Street, Washington, D. C. Gentlemen: Find inclosed fifty cents (50 cts.) for which please send The Sentinel to the following address for six months, beginning with the issue of  1904 Name  Place  Street or County    State  (Continued from preceding page.) self, and also an " Epigram of the Battle of Leesburg, Va.," a poem graphically describing the affecting incident of " the meeting of two young officers, graduates of West Point, on the opposite sides in Ł the day's strife," and their discovery and recognition of each other during a brief dialogue. One of the addresses was made on the occasion of the commemoration by the graduates of the United States Military Academy living in Chicago and vicinity of the one hundredth anniversary of the founding of that institution, at the Grand Pacific Hotel in Chicago on the evening of March i5, 1902. The other address was delivered by Colonel Turn-ley in his capacity as president of the organi-zation at the semi-centennial celebration in New York on the evening of Oct. 13, 1897, of the formation of the Aztec Club of 1847, an organi-zation " composed of veteran officers and the oldest male descendants of veteran officers of the Army of Occupation which remained in the City of Mexico until the treaty of Guadaloupe 'Hidalgo had been formally ratified, as well as of officers who served in the naval operations off the Mexican coast." We learn from the pamphlet, which also contains a likeness of Colonel Turnley at eighty-two, which we have reduced to one fourth its size on preceding page, and a picture of his residence at High-land Park, Ill., that he was graduated from the United State Military Academy at West Point with the class of 1847. In the first address Colonel Turnley dwelt upon the important part that military training of the highest sort has played in mitigating the barbarity and cruelty of  warfare, and indicated his regret that war itself had not ceased to be as well as much of the savagery with which it was formerly accompanied. This eloquent passage occurs in the address: " We have entered the twentieth century of the Christian era, spanning a period of two thou-sand years since a Gospel of peace was pro-claimed to the world, the tenor and scope of which is in the direction of peace and good will among men. From the days of the apostles to the present, men of the purest lives and the highest culture have preached this Gospel and urged its acceptance by mankind. It has softened obdurate hearts, restrained and subdued the pas-sions, and planted in lost and erring natures the seeds of celestial virtues. Nations and lawmakers have felt its influence, and have been led onward and upward by its divine Spirit; and still we are forced to deplore the fact that in all this time that Gospel has not been made the basis for the settlement of differences between nations and peoples. Selfish ambition and un-godly purposes still sway nations in criminal aggressions on the weaker peoples. It is a hu-miliating reflection that, with our boasted ad-vancement in art, science, and Christian graces we must still witness the brutal spectacle of brothers and kindred rising from bended knees, and with prayers to the God of that Gospel, hasten to the field of battle, and there slay each other until the stronger shall overcome the weaker. Blasphemy and sacrilege are the fitting words to ascribe to such action by any nation or people." 