842 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The "Minnesota conference of the Evangelical Lutheran Augustana Sy-nod," in session at New London, Minn., late in October, and claiming to represent "a population of 75,000 people in the State," adopted and addressed to the State legislature a resolution declaring "that this conference recommends that the legislature pass such laws as will in-sure a better Christian observance of our Sunday laws." The authorities in the following named places have recently issued orders for the strict Sunday closing of saloons : South Omaha, Neb. ; Spring Valley, Wis. ; and Lexington, Ky. In the last place the ac-tion was "in compliance with the request of the grand jury." In South Omaha twenty-two liquor dealers were sum-moned to the police court for "keeping open on Sunday" a few days after the closing order was issued. qŁ Late in October it was reported from Norfolk, Va., that "a general crusade has begun here in the churches against Sun-day violators." Dr. J. J. Hall, a Baptist minister, had preached in the interests of the movement, appealing to the Ten Com-mandments in support of it, and a Meth-odist minister was "preparing to speak on the subject of civil sins." An evangelist who was preaching in the city was also aiding in the movement. The barbers' union of Sioux Falls, S. Dak., has been trying to secure the pas-sage of an ordinance requiring barber shops to close "at eight in the evenings and on Sundays" in that city. Members of the committee of the city council to which the matter was referred thought "there was no legal authority for such an ordinance, and that it would be a useless statute." It was expected that the meas- ure would be rejected when it came be-fore the council on November 17. In Schenectady, N. Y., on October 2, seven proprietors of small stores were fined $5 each for making sales on Sun-day. The arrests were made on com-plaint of the "vigilance committee" of the retail clerks' association, which commit-tee has been "appointed to see that the Sunday-closing act is maintained and lived up to by shopkeepers." Of course all evidence is collected and all detective work is done on Sunday. Ł The ministerial association of Des Moines, Iowa, recently appointed a com-mittee "to look up the law regarding Sunday street hawking and the selling of newspapers on the streets on Sunday." After investigation, Rev. Knipe, chair-man of the committee, reported "that ac-cording to the law of the State Sunday newspapers were unlawfully published," and that "their publication could be stopped if an effort were made." The retail grocers of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, recently adopted a resolution say-ing that "it is the concensus of opinion of this association that all grocers should close their stores on the Sabbath day." This action was taken "on the strength of what had been done by the butchers' and the ministers' unions," the grocers "preferring to close of their own accord instead of waiting until some one came along armed with the law and compelled them to close." James Cusick, a butcher located at Grove and 13th Streets, Jersey City, N. J., was arrested on Sunday, October 26, for having his shop open on that day. Mr. Cusick claims that he was assaulted by the officer who made the arrest, and has brought charges against him. Mem- 