EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 549 ment. We forget that the object is not to pro-duce the outward compliance, but to raise up the inward feeling which secures the outward com-pliance. You may drag men into church by main force, and prosecute them for buying a pot of beer, and cut them off from the enjoyment of a leg of muttonŠyou may do all this till you make the common people hate Sunday and the clergy and religion and everything which relates to such subjects. There are many crimes, indeed, where persuasion cannot be waited for, and where the untaught feelings of all men go along with the violence of the law, but we have no great opinion of the possibility of in-dicting men into piety, or of calling in the quarter sessions to the aid of religion. You may produce outward conformity by these means, but you are so far from producing (the only thing worth producing) the inward feeling that you incur a great risk of giving birth to a totally opposite sentiment. The vio-lent modes of making men good just alluded to have been resorted to at periods when the science of legislation was not so well under-stood as it now is, or when the manners of the age have been peculiarly gloomy and fanati-cal. The improved knowledge and the im-proved temper of later times push such laws into the background and silently repeal them. How long must we wait for a time of such improvement of. knowledge and temper that we can have the repeal and abolition of Sunday laws, instead of their continued enactment and enforcement? A Sunday-closing-en- A Sunday "Rest-Day" ,0  rcement movement, Sermon although it may not be inspired and led by them, always has the approval and sympathetic cooperation of the clergy. Rev. John B. McDonald, a Presbyterian clergyman of Davenport, Iowa, seconded the Sunday closing move-ment inaugurated by the union clerks and barbers in that city in a sermon preached on July 26. His discourse was entitled, " Emancipation Day from Servile Toil," and his text " was a part of the Fourth Commandment, 'Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work.' " He of course had nothing to say about the portion of the commandment immediately fol- lowing his text, " But the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt do no work." And of course he neglected to point out that according to this commandment the first day of the week is necessarily included in the six days to which the command to " labor and do all thy work " applies. He af-firmed that " Dr. Haegler of Switzer-land has demonstrated and the biologist of Clark University has verified that a workingman recovers from a night's rest only five-sixths of the oxygen which he consumed the day before." His deduc-tion from this so-called physiological law (which of course does not exist) was of course that a workingman " must have Sunday to get back his breath and tone; deprived of it, he deteriorates physically toward, if not finally to, the type of man painted in `The Man with the Hoe' "! And of course the point of it all was that everybody must be compelled to rest on Sunday. "The necessity of rest for one requires a law of rest for all." " If one man has liberty to trample on the law and set himself against his fellows he deprives them of their right and liberty to rest." It was not explained what right one's fellows have to set themselves against him and deprive him of his right and liberty to rest or work, and to make it necessary for him to disregard " law " in order to exercise his proper liberty and rights on Sunday. In conclusion he said : Law is for the protection of those who are injured by cut-throat competition or soulless corporations. Under a democracy freedom de-pends upon cooperation, mutual concessions, and a high regard for law. We stand for the liberty of the Sunday slave to-day, for the rest of the employees, for the protection of the first day of the week against oppression and crime. Law is also for the protection of those who are injured by the selfishness of those who act upon the theory that nobody has any rights but themselves, and who there-fore assume that everybody else must be compelled to do what they want to do and 