506 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN ILIBERTY exclusive field of the Dominion parliament and wholly withdrawn from the provincial legislature, under the British North America Act. The other respondentsŠrailway and tram companies and othersŠsupported the judgment of the Court of Appeal in their decision that the provisions of the actŠwhether intra vires or notŠdid not apply to their conveyance of travelers on the Lord's Day. Mr. Paterson, K. C. (of the Canadian Bar), appeared for the appellant; Mr. E. L. New- combe, K. C. (of the Canadian Bar), and Mr. H. W. Loehnis were counsel for the Attorney-General for the Dominion of Can- ada; Mr. Osier, K. C. (of the Canadian Bar), and Mr. Lauriston Battem for the Grand Trunk Railway of Canada; Mr. Aylesworth, K. C. (of the Canadian Bar), for the Met-ropolitan Railway Company and others; and Mr. A. E. O'Meara for the Ontario Lord's Day Alliance. At the conclusion of the arguments on both sides the Lord Chancellor gave judgment. He said their lordships had considered this case, and, speaking without reference to the last question, with which their lordships would deal separately, but which had been suggested for their consideration, they were of opinion that the act, treating it as a whole, was beyond the competency of the Ontario legislature to enact, and they were prepared to answer that question, therefore, by saying that the act itself as a whole was invalid. The question turned upon a very simple consideration. The reservation of the criminal law for the Do-minion was given in language which their lordships considered to be very plain, ordinary and intelligible words, and were to be con-strued according to their natural signification. Those words seemed to their lordships to re-quire, and, indeed, admitted of, no plainer ex-position than the language itself. What was reserved was " the criminal law except the constitution of courts of criminal jurisdiction, but including procedure in criminal matters." It was, therefore, as had been once said before in that court, the criminal law in the widest sense: and it was impossible, notwithstanding the very protracted argument to which their lordships had listened, to doubt that an in-fraction of the act which was in operation at the time of confederation was an offense against the criminal law. Their lordships would humbly advise his Majesty that that was the state of the law. The fact that an exception was taken from the criminal law generally and that it was  expounded as being the constitution of courts of criminal jurisdiction, but including pro-cedure in criminal matters, rendered it more clear (if anything were necessary to render it more dear), that, with that exception, which obviously did not include what had been con-tended for there, the criminal law, in its wid-est sense, was that which was reserved for the Dominion parliament to enact. With re-gard to the other questions which it had been suggested should be reserved for further argu-ment, their lordships were of opinion that it would be inexpedient and undesirable and con-trary to the precedents which from time to time had been pointed to in the questions arising before that board to attempt to give any judicial opinion upon them. . . . They were questions which, when they arose, must arise in concrete cases, in which the rights of private individuals were involved; and it was extremely unwise beforehand for any judicial tribunal to attempt to exhaust all the possible cases and facts which might occur to qualify, cut down and override the operation of partic-ular words when the concrete case was not before them. For those reasons their lord-ships would decline to answer those questions. The main and substantial question was that on which their lordships had already expressed their opinionŠthat this Ontario act was be-yond the jurisdiction of the Ontario legisla-ture. No order would be made as to costs. So at last victory in this matter is with those who have denied the constitu-tionality of Ontario's Sunday legislation. The " Lord's Day " Alliance has met with utter defeat in a matter in which it has fought desperately for success. And the Alliance was the first to learn of its defeat. The first news concerning the matter was a cablegram to the Alliance from its attorney in London. In addition to this special attorney, Rev. Dr. Potts also went to London in the interests of the Alliance in this matter. A Toronto paper reported immediately after the news ar-rived that the leaders of the organization " were absent from the city, so that no expression of opinion could be obtained from them." However, the direction in which their energies will now be turned is undoubtedly that indicated by the state- 1 Ł 