THE "ON-TO-OTTAWA" CAMPAIGN UNDER WAY 555 Grace attracts, persuades, and aids the upon the work of the spoiler, says Mr. will to a right choice. God will save no Spurgeon. But when we see the casket man without his consent. gently unlocked by the key, and the con- , And herein is seen the difference be-  tents brought out, we note the hand of tween God's and unregenerated man's the owner. So God does not work by dealings in religion. God, the author of violence in opening the heart. This is the conscience, does not violate the con-  not the method of Him who comes not science. He who made the will does as a plunderer to his prey, but as a pos-not force the will. But when man, as-  sessor to his treasure. The will is not suming to take God's place, attempts to forced nor blinded by grace, but encour-do His work, he, who made neither con-  aged, strengthened and enlightened. science nor will, seeks by arbitrary force Ł Through it the whole man is enabled to to control both, or, if he cannot control act and to choose his destiny with " the them, to crush and destroy them. glorious liberty of the children of God." When we see the lid of a casket forced Grace does not enslave the will, but en-open, and the hinges torn away, we look franchises it. The "On-to-Ottawa" Campaign Under Way By G. B. Thompson (Hamilton, Ontario) ALREADY the campaign of " ' on to Ottawa' for legislation in defense of our Canadian and Christian Sabbath," announced in their manifesto of a few weeks ago, is being gotten under way by the Canadian Sunday-enforcement lead-ers. Realizing that the Provincial Sun-day laws have been swept away by the recent decision of the Privy Council, the " Lord's Day " Alliance people are " on to Ottawa " for human statutes to defend the Sunday sabbath. To be sure the Bible is silent not only as to the manner of the observance of the day, but as to any ob-servance of it at all, and more than this Sunday observers themselves are not agreed as to the manner of its observance. But nevertheless the Alliance wants, and is setting about to obtain, laws not only requiring the day to be observed, but pre-scribing the manner of its observance, by and for all the citizens of the Dominion. The annual meeting of the executive committee of the " Lord's Day " Alliance of Canada was held at Ottawa on August 13, and in connection with it the first im- portant steps in the " on to Ottawa " Sun-day-law campaign were taken. At the meeting " there was a large representation from all over Canada, including Messrs. R. L. Borden, John Charlton, Senator McMullen, and many other prominent men." A committee composed of the fol-lowing persons " was appointed to draft the proposed Lord's Day act " : Rev. Dr. Potts, Principal Caven, Dr. Car-man, E. M. MacDonnell, K.C., J. A. Paterson, K.C., A. E. O'Meara, Alex. Mills, R. U. Mc-Pherson, Mayor Urquhart, of Toronto ; D. Grant, VancoUver ; J. A. Aikens, Winnipeg; J. S. Buchanan, Montreal; D. Stockton, St. John; B. H. Eaton, Halifax; and J. T. Mellish, Charlottetown. For the purpose no doubt of aiding in the passage of the act which this commit-tee is to draft " it was decided to hold the Alliance's first triennial convention at Ot-tawa during the next session of Parlia-ment." But the most important step, and one which served to show that the move-ment now under way and the measure which it aims to secure will have the sympathy and support of the " govern- 