EDITORIAL 449 prosecuted under the State Sunday law. A number of business men have ex-pressed their disapprobation of the threat of the Civic Federation, and are of the opinion that its action in this matter will be more to the detriment of the city than to its advantage. They say that there are many things going on on Sunday far more harmful than the "legitimate and clean sport of baseball," and that to stop the ball playing is simply to furnish more business for the saloons. The Civic Fed-eration announces its object to be "the closer union of the churches for the moral welfare of the city." It is peculiar how these closer unions of the churches for the moral welfare of communities seem to find their chief expression in Sunday enforcement, which often, as in the above -case, is more in the interests of immorali-ty than of morality. Rev. Dr. E. J. Lloyd, rector of St. Mark's Episcopal church in Cleveland, Ohio, in a recent sermon declared his be-lief that "any man, especially if he be one of the toiling masses, may be present at any ball game on Sunday without com-mitting a breach of the Sabbath law." He pointed out that among the Jews, "af-ter the lapse of many generations, exag-gerated views of the Sabbath law became -prevalent, and Christ himself was the first to rebuke them." He thought that it would be wrong for a professing Chris-tian to attend a Sunday ball game, "un-less he had paid homage to God in the early hours of Sunday morning, and was ready at the end of the day to return to God's house and give Him thanks." This seems to be the position generally taken by Episcopal clergymen, and it agrees substantially with the position and practise of Roman Catholic ecclesiastics. 'Certainly it is not a breach of the Sab-bath law to be present at Sunday games. I t was ruled by Judge Lochren, of Minneapolis, recently, in a suit of the Pressed Steel Car Company against the Eastern Railway of Minnesota, that in reckoning damages at so much per day for failure to deliver cars at the time specified by contract the Sundays must be excluded from the computation. The plaintiff held that the defendant could recover nothing for the Sundays intervening between the date specified and the date of final delivery, "as such delivery [ Sunday delivery] would be il-legal." The defendant maintained that it was like computing interest, that the days were merely units of compensation and that the fact that some of them were Sundays made no difference at all. The court agreed with the plaintiff, and it was ordered that one-seventh of the damages that had been collected, with interest, should be returned, and thus the legal "Sabbath" was given whatever "protec-tion" such an incident may afford. Angling on Sunday in Massachusetts is a crime, but bicycling is not. This is suggestive of the consistency ( ?) which obtains in State regulation of "Sabbath" observance. An effort is being made to repeal the law against fishing. An ex-change soliloquizes thus with regard to Sunday fishing: "A man may be of a religious nature and yet fish on Sunday. It could be understood if even a rather strict Sabbatarian should indulge in the sport on Sunday. Such a person might reason that it was wrong for the fish to bite on Sunday, when they should be at home thinking of higher things than grasshoppers, flies, frogs and other lux-uries, and that getting caught on Sun-day is their punishment for not observing the day in proper manner. If fishing breaks the Sabbath it is at least a very mild' way of doing so, when compared with the many other forms of sport that 