TWO CHAPTERS OF HISTORY 759 The United States and the Cubans A. D. 1898-1902. Under the direction of the President of the United States I now transfer to you as the duly elected representatives of the people of Cuba the government and control of the island, to be held and ex-ercised by you under the provisions of the constitution of the Republic of Cuba, heretofore adopted by the Constitutional Convention, and this day promulgated ; and I hereby declare the occupation of Cuba by the United States and the mili-tary government of the island to be end-ed.ŠPortion of American Governor-General's Proclamation to the President and Congress of Cuba, Havana, May 20. The deed is done. The promise of the United States is fulfilled. The flag of the United States is replaced by that of Cuba on the palace and fortifications of Ha-vana. The United States troops are on their way home. The United States GovernorŠno, he is ex-Governor nowŠis on his way back to Washington. Thomas Estrada Palma is President of the Cuban Republic. The Cuban con-stitution is in force. Free Cuba is an ac-complished fact. Such is the meaning of yesterday's doings at Havana. The circumstances are unique and unprece-dented.ŠNew York Tribune (editorial) May 21. The United States has redeemed her promise to the world. Havana and San-tiago de Cuba to-day were evacuated by American troops, the reins of power were handed over to President Palma, and now the government of Cuba is free, and to-night the whole island is delirious with joy. The natal day of the Cuban Republic found Havana arrayed like a queen to await the coming of her lord. She seemed reinvested for the occasion with the dignity of the prosperous days of her  power and wealth. The decorations were universal. . . . The entire population, reinforced by thousands of visitors, were abroad soon after day-light. All was animation and expectan-cy. . . Owing to the limited space, the people were to have no sight of the ceremony [of the transfer of the government] which was to constitute them a nation before the world, but outside they were to witness a spectacle which would stir their pulses, for they were to see the be-loved five-barred and single-starred flag, which Cespedes first threw to the breeze in 1868, at the opening of the ten years' war, raised by the act of the United States above the palace. This thing which was to happen had been the dream of their lives and their ancestors' for generations. Their parents, brothers, and friends had gone to their deaths to accomplish it. No strange wonder, then. that hours before the time set they be-gan flocking here from all quarters of the city. Many were already before the pal-ace with the rising sun, and some even slept in the park, to be certain not to miss the sight. . . . Soon all the side streets runnings into the plaza were choked into a solid mass of humanity, and every door and window fronting the square was walled in with faces, white and black, old and young, male and fe-male. . . . As far as the eye could see the roofs were fringed with human freight. It was a sight to live forever in the memory. . . . The eyes of a hundred thousand people were glued on the American flag floating over the pal-ace. As the time approached for the flag to be lowered, several premature demon-strations occurred. Bells rang, steam 