490 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY this counsel or this work be of men, it will come to naught : but if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it; lest haply ye be found even to fight against God. And what was the influence and result of this speech by that one man upon that powerful and wicked assembly ?ŠThe whole council was changed, the murder-ous verdict reversed, and the apostles re-leased ; for the record says, " And to him they agreed," and " they let them go." Let no one, therefore, get the idea that earthly governments are in themselves necessarily bad, or that they are outside the jurisdiction and control of God. They are not. " The Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will." Civil governments are of the devil only in so far as the devil controls the minds of those composing and directing them. The genius of gov-ernment, of civil government, even, is of God, for God is a God of law and order.  " The powers that be are ordained of God." In their legitimate sphere, there-fore, civil rulers and civil officers, from the king on the throne to the humblest policemen on the footpath, are God's serv-ants, ordained and sent by Him to keep the peace, to protect the rights of the people, and to punish evil-doers. For this purpose God has placed the sword in Caesar's hand. " He beareth not the sword in vain." That it has often been misdirected and misused is readily con-ceded, but this does not alter the fact that God placed it there for a good pur-pose. It is right, therefore, that all, and es-pecially that Christians, should respect and uphold civil government ; that they should honor kings and magistrates, and pray for all in authority. In their sphere they are " God's ministers," sent by Him for the punishment of evil-doers, and for the praise of them that do well." An editorial writer on the Chicago Journal says that the resolution of the Presbyterian General Assembly condemn-ing in detail "all secular uses" of Sunday affects nearly every individual," and that to the average man the first ques-tion that arises on reading is, " Then what may we do on Sunday? " He says " many will feel justified in taking issue with the reverend gentlemen who framed " the resolution, and proceeds at some length to explain why, the sub-stance of the reasons being that the reso-lution is altogether out of harmony with the needs of the great mass of the people whose only opportunity for recreation is on Sunday. He says : Until there is a different arrangement for week days, giving more opportunity for him-self to the individual, you may expect your churches to yawn for many a backslider, oh, ye ministers. Why don't you get busy over shortening business hours and making possible more week-day holidays or half-holidays, in-stead of preaching about correct observance  of the Lord's day according to ritual? . . . There cannot be too many healthful recrea-tions for the people's Sunday. Let the baseball games have Ł sway, as long as they are legiti-mately conducted. Let the excursion trains bear their loads out into the green fields. Let the lake boats reap quarters and half-dollars in making people happy by a breath of cool air. . . . If the ministers want to cut out the evil influences that may exist in some recreations, let them organize counter ones, where the tired muscles and the weary soul, the natural longing for refreshment, may be recreated and satisfied. If one excursion leads to a place where saloons abound, start a more attractive excursion in another direction. If the general assembly of Presbyterian ministers would take a resolve something after this fashion perhaps the aver-age man and woman would rise and call them blessed, and accept the faith a good deal quicker than by being preached to with only a theo-retical sympathy. Ł A clergyman, Rev. W. J. Patton, ap-peared before the city council of Superior, Wis., on June 9 and " protested against the continuance of dancing at the pavilion at Billings Park on Sunday nights." 