828 THE SENTINEL OF self-exaltation gets into the church she soon gets into politics. .Ł The thanksgiving that is pleasing to God is not brought about by Thanksgiv-ing proclamations. He who is truly grateful to God for His blessings does not wait for Thanksgiving Day to render thanks. Ł Clerks and trade unionists will never lack for the cooperation of clergymen in Sunday-closing crusades. This means much more than is conveyed by the claim that the clergymen are much concerned for the welfare of those who toil. The "civil Sabbath" is analogous to the Papacy ; it is a hybrid, assuming at one and the same time a civil and relig-ious character, and claiming for itself both the power of the kingdoms of the world and of the kingdom of heaven. An individual has rights before the law not because of what he believes, but because of what he is. He possesses rights as a human being, not as the ad-herent of some religious body nor as the observer of some religious form. The Sabbath is for spiritUal refresh-ment, not physical recreation. Its worst foes are not the irreligious who utterly disregard it, but the religious teachers who, claiming to have the utmost regard for it and to speak authoritatively con-cerning it, are educating the people into the idea that it is a civil institution. Ł True power and exaltation does not cause him who has it to separate himself  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY from the lowly and humble, for the Most High dwelleth with those who are of an humble and contrite heart. It is he who loves power and exaltation for its own sake, and for his own sake, who holds himself aloof from others and counts it beneath him to come in contact with them. Notwithstanding all their pleading for the "civil Sabbath" and all their declara-tions that the day is for "physical rest," the champions of Sunday enforcement will never be satisfied with "civil Sab-bath" observance, with the use of Sun-day for purposes of physical recupera-tion. Nothing less than a religious ob-servance of the day will satisfy them. But, owing to exigencies which they are obliged to face, they are perfectly will-ing, and will always be willing, that the enforcement of a religious observance of the day shall be accepted and regarded as merely an enforcement_of a civil observ-ance of the day. In these days when religious legislation is looked at askance they are willing to surrender at some points the terms and names that are the proper labels for the thing, and to sub-stitute others in their place. The essen-tial thing with them is to hold on to the thing itself, and if that can be done bet-ter by calling it something else, well and good. But it is unnecessary that any-one should be deceived in this matter; in fact, it is difficult to see how anyone can be. Those who have been close readers of THE SENTINEL for two or three years have heard of the New York State Con-ference of Religion, an organization now composed of representatives of "fifteen denominations," and which seeks "to pro- 