348 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY suffer for his non-unionism." It is a point worth noting that Sunday-clos-ing is rapidly becoming a test of unionism. At Elizabeth, N. J., on May xi "Prose-cutor English reported to Supreme Court Judge Van Syckel " that on the previous day " several ball clubs had started to play before large crowds of spectators, and that a number of the players were arrested, taken before Police Justice Mahon and held in $1oo bail each." The prosecutor said the grand jury was ready to come into court and report on the matter, but Judge Van Syckel said that was not necessary. The judge said the police should continue to arrest violators of the Sun-day laws until it was determined which was the stronger, the law or the mob. The grand jury, he added, should continue to get all the evidence possible as to violations of the Sun-day law, and if it found that the law was being violated should act in accordance with his previous instructions. The substance of the instructions re-ferred to was given here two weeks ago. The action of the police and the prose-cutor was due to these instructions. Eight arrests were made by the police. The Jacksonville (Fla.) Times-Union of May i8 reported that it had been determined by the retail clerks' associa-tion that " all retail stores in Jacksonville must be closed tight on Sunday, or cases will be made against the proprietors in the municipal court, and they will be fined." Early on the preceding day " committees were appointed and bold to visit every store in the city and ascer-tain whether or not goods could be pur-chased." "About twenty-five members.  of the different labor unions assisted the clerks in this work." " Two stores were found open and goods purchased from them," and " unless these merchants con-sent to close every Sunday hereafter war-rants for their arrest will be sworn out." " The large dealers are in sympathy with  the movement, but cannot afford to keep. their places closed when others are open." So the work of the clerks is said to be " for the protection of .merchants who. desire to remain closed on the Sabbath." This is a sort of " protection " to which the law should lend no assistance what-ever. Ł Mr. A. B. Bergfeldt, a barber in Ta-coma, Wash., writes us that the following bill was introduced in the Washington legislature in January and referred to- the committee on labor and labor statis-tics, and that it was passed by the legis-lature in March and is now in force as law : An Act to prohibit carrying on the business of barbering on Sunday, and providing a pen-alty for the violation thereof : Be it enacted by the Legislature of the State of Washington: Sec. I. That it shall be unlawful for any person or persons or corporation to carry on the business of barbering on Sunday. Sec. 2. Any person violating the provision& of this act shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of ten dollars, or imprisonment in the county jail, for the first offense; and by a fine of not less than twenty-five dollars nor more than fifty dollars, or imprisonment in the county jail for not less than ten days nor more than twenty-five days, for the second and each subsequent offense. Sunday barbering thus becomes a crime (an artificial crime) in Washing-ton. Is there such a dearth of real crimes in Washington that the legislature can afford to enact a law making the pursuit of an honest and useful calling a mis-demeanor? Ł A mass-meeting for " the creation of a sentiment demanding a more general 'ob-servance of the Sabbath " was held in the Methodist church in Fairmont, Minn., on April 26. Several clergymen discussed " the question of Sabbath observance in all its aspects." Three of the topics were : " The relation of the Sabbath to (1) the 