212 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY (Enforcement) League delivered itself thus: This bill needs no comment, as its first pro-vision is so utterly adverse to our present laws that it will defeat the bill in the minds of perhaps every legislator. It seems hardly pos-sible that even a Seventh-day Adventist, as its author, Rev. George B. Wheeler, is one of the lights of that communion, can honestly desire to detach the name of our "Lord" from the Christian Sabath, and to open it [the " Chris-tian Sabbath "] to all forms of toil and sport and games. The dog-in-the-manger spirit, which says, " If I cannot have my sacred day, you shall not have yours," is pitiable. This quotation certainly needs no com- Ł ment in order to show whether it is a civil or religious institution that those whom it represents are interested in hav-ing the State maintain. We should like to comment on it, however, but that must be done elsewhere. In thorough accord with this quota-tion was the opposition to the bill at the hearing which took place before a com-mittee of the legislature at the State House in Boston on March 4. The pre-ceding is by way of introduction to a report of this hearing, or rather to a presentation of some of the utterances made at it. Inasmuch as a great deal that was said on this occasion is not only of interest in connection with this partic-ular hearing, but is 'of importance in connection with the Sunday-law ques-tion however and wherever it may be presented, we have deemed it best to present quite a full report of what was said. The speakers whose utterances we present in favor of the bill are Sev-enth-day Adventist ministers. Only one speech is given entire, that of Mr. Fifield. The others are greatly condensed, and,  as they are reproduced from hastily taken 'notes, are not absolutely verbatim, but whit is given is substantially as it was uttered. Mr. Wheeler, the author of the bill, said : Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen: It has been stated very often by those who are advocating Sunday legislationŠmembers of the Sabbath (Sunday) Protective League and othersŠthat all they desired of the civil authorities was the maintenance and enforcement of a " civil sab-bath." This bill is in harmony with that decla-ration;. the " Lord's day " law which they uphold is not. Every specification of a civil rest day, every possible requirement of humanity with respect to a weekly rest day, is provided for in this bill. Anything in the present Sunday law that goes beyond the provisions of this bill is simply and purely religious legislation. Now the question arises, and the principle involved is right here, Is it right for one portion of the religious com-munity, no matter how great a portion it may be, to use the power of the State to compel every one, without any regard for the wishes or beliefs of those who differ from them, to conform to their interpretation of the Word of God respecting the Sabbath or Lord's day, or at least to conform to their custom and practise in a matter of religion? Is not such a thing an utter denial of the rights of con-science? It is because it rests upon this evil principle that we are opposed to the Sunday law as it now stands. Notice the inconsistencies of the " Lord's day " statute. In it the General Court of Mas-sachusetts decides that the first day of the week is a sacred, holy day by command of God, and assumes to reenact and put in force this law of God. This is exactly what the enact-ment of the law amounts to. Then, after de-ciding that the first day of the week is the Lord's day or the Sabbath day, and is not to be profaned by secular labor, it gives permis-sion to certain parties to break this law of God in various ways, as for instance in the operation of street and steam railways, the publishing of newspapers, etc., etc. Thus the General Court not only assumes to declare and enforce God's law, but it also assumes to release whom it chooses from the obligation to obey that law, permitting them to do sec-ular labor on the day which it has already in effect declared that God requires to be kept holy and sacred. The State thus assumes to grant to some the privilege to sin, for if it is a violation of God's law to work on Sunday that is exactly what the State does when it allows some to work on that day while pro-hibiting others. Now I would ask, did God ever give to the General Court of Massachu-setts the right to reenact and enforce His 