506 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. NEWS, NOTES AND COMMENT 41111117111/1711YTTTRYWYTTIMITFIVITITTM/YMITIM1WR /MITI THE Kaiser's recent speech calling for vengeance upon the Chinese because of the murder of the Ger-man ambassador at Peking is noted by Japanese papers as one " unworthy of a Christian monarch." Even the heathen understand that Christianity makes no call for vengeance upon its enemies. JULIAN HAWTHORNE says: " Commercialism was some time since engrafted on Christianity, and throve so well that to-day, like a tropic creeper which has sucked the life out of a tree, it alone sur-vives. It puts a money value on everything, and punishes or rewards by exacting money or bestow-ing it." IT is a matter of common rumor that Chief Kipley, of this city, has discovered on " the force " a police-man who, to use the chief's own words, " knew he could not make an arrest without a warrant," merely on the oral complaint of a citizen. " Doubtless," remarks the Daily News," this man deserves to be promoted to a captaincy at least, but he will be worth a great deal more to American liberty if he is kept on a beat." NOT long since, after an engagement with Ameri-can troops, the officer in command of the Filipino " savages " sent all the American wounded he had captured into the American lines, and with a state-ment that the prisoners he had taken would be well treated. Would it not be well to send this " savage chief of still more savage men " to Germany to secure the revocation of Emperor William's no-quarter order ; and then to China to teach the science of " civilived warfare" to certain of the al.lies? A dispatch from Rome, under date of August so, says: " It is the subject of common conversation here that a reconciliation between church and state is one of the possibilities of the immediate future. Yester-day Prince Henry, the Kaiser's brother, had a long  interview with the Dowager Queen Margherita, after which he paid a visit to the Pope, and through Car-dinal Rampolla, delivered him a letter from the Emperor of Germany. "It is believed that Prince Henry also conveyed to the Pope the dowager queen's ardent wishes for a reconcillation between the secular government and the Vatican. The plan, it is asserted, is supported by the Kaiser." FIELD MARSHAL VON WALDERSEE, the German, chief of staff, has been appointed commander of the German troops in China. The news of this appoint-ment had a depressing effect on the Wall Street and and other stock markets. The only inference to be drawn from this appoint-ment is that the German Emperor forsaw long-drawn-out trouble ahead in China. " Six weeks will elapse before he can reach the gulf of Pechili," says a most careful and ably edited daily paper. "That there is an ominous note in this appointment can not be denied, and it may mean that Germany intends to enlarge her Chinese empire to compensate for the murder of her ambassador." NOTWITHSTANDING all sensational reports to the contrary sent out some time since from Shanghai, it is now known that all the foreign ministers in Peking, with the exception of the German representative, were living only a few days ago. All the foreigners in the city were besieged, how-ever, in the British consulate by the regular Chinese troops. Notwithstanding this fact the Chinese gov-ernment seems able to exercise some control over the situation, and offers to send the foreigners to Tien-Tsin under escort. Very naturally the minis-ters refused to trust themselves in the open to the keeping of those who have for weeks been endeavor-ing to murder them. Nobody seems to fully understand the situation, and the efforts thus far made to reach Peking with adequate relief forces have failed. Up to the time of writing this note the Powers have not been able to agree on a commander-in-chief. So that the army operating for the relief of the foreigners in Peking is in reality five or six different armies, each absolutely independent of the others, so far as recog-nizing any central authority is concerned. All told, the allies do no't number more than twenty-five or thirty thousand effective men. In view of these facts, and many others which we have not space to 