7/-4  9/eggllaell allaIlfillAR9 ILSZE277 VOL. XVIII WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1903. N o. 42 Ł Religious Libetty: Its Scope and Foundation* *Some months ago the editor of THE SENTINEL was asked to prepare and read at a religious meet-ing devoted to the consideration of the matter of rligious liberty a paper on this topic. This he did; and though he had not expected to preent it in THE SENTINEL. and certainly not all at one time, he has found himself obliged, in order that this number might be issued on time, to use it as " copy " for this issue, circumstances having de-layed the preparation of other matter. He asks to be pardoned for presenting an article of such length in one issue, and for failure to have the paper filled instead with such matter of timeliness and variety as it should be filled with. As to the article or paper itself, he wishes to say that he maces no claim to originality in the ideas pre-sented, and to acknowledge his indebtedness in its preparation to others who have written on the points presented. And it means also that no religious belief or practise can ever in itself be considered an invasion of the rights of others, however diverse such belief or practise may be from their own ; and that no religious belief or practise can ever of itself afford the slightest ground for the invasion in any degree of even the least of the rights that be-long to any human being. The author-ity of government can be exerted only in behalf of some right which it recog-nizes and undertakes to protect, and though government may recognize and undertake to protect what we term re-ligious liberty, it can know no invasion of that liberty until there is an inva-sion of what we term civil liberty Šuntil there is a denial, or threatened denial, of some civil, social right. We hear it commonly said that civil liberty and religious liberty go hand in hand, that one cannot endure if the other is denied, and especially that civil liberty cannot continue if religious liberty is denied. This is most cer-tainly true ; and why is it true ? It is true because, so far as civil government can have to do with the matter, so far as the thing comes within the sphere of civil government, the two are essen-tially the same thing. Religious liberty, in the sense in which it is commonly and almost universally understood, and in the only sense in which it can be guaranteed and maintained by civil I N its ordinary signification the term religious liberty means a certain sort of civil, social liberty. It means liberty to do those things, those acts, which one wishes to do as acts of re-ligion and worship, and freedom to re-frain from doing those things, those acts, which one does not wish to do as acts of religion and worship. It means freedom from restraint, compulsion, or authoritative direction, especially by government, in all matters which have to do with religion and worship. It Ł means that so long as an individual does not invade any right of others he is to be absolutely free from interference, especially from the interference of government (for in the nature o things such interference can come only through government in most instances) in obeying the dictates of his own con-science in the profession and practise of religion. 