THE STATE, THE SABBATH, AND PHYSICAL REST 8o5 the same kind of rest on the seventh day. This was done in order that man might have some token of his sanctification. By observing God's day of rest, as He did, that day becomes a sign between man and God that he has been sanctified. Eze. 20:12. It thus apears that human laws can  never provide rest for man, either phys-ical or spiritual. Man may be compelled to be idle by legislation, but idleness is no guarantee of rest. It were better for the state to leave the entire matter where the all-wise Being has left it, for only evil can come from an attempt to improve upon the order that He has established. What The Maccabean Said [The Maccabean is a Jewish magazine.ŠEpiToal .T  HE present Sabbath-law agitation presents to us, as citizens of a democracy, the proposition : Shall the state or municipality establish a legal day of rest, or if not establish, seal with le-gality the common day of rest ? As citi-zens of a democracy, our reply must be, whether Jews or Christians : Let the state keep its hands off. If it were possible to consider the Sab-bath from the industrial or the hygienic points of view only ; if it were possible to eliminate the idea of a rest-day as a re-ligious obligation from the idea of a rest-day as a physical and mental duty, resting in civic obligation, then a statute estab-lishing or recognizing Sunday as the Sabbath day of the nation should be en-acted. But that elimination is impossible. With all classes, except those who are atheists or agnostics, the Sabbath day is a recognized religious tenet. It is a vital part of the Jewish religion, and to the Christian more so than to the Jew, who has had his religious services week days as well as Saturdays, the day has be-come the day of all days for religious worship. A fierce struggle sundered the church and the state. Battles were fought for religious liberty untrammeled by govern-ment, and numberless lives were lost to  effect the divorce of church and state. The Western states, which have wrested the hegemony of the world from the East, have maintained their leadership because of this divorce. The Sabbath is the one remnant which still threatens to keep church and state intimate. This remnant should be destroyed. It is a menace to democracy. The all-sufficient reason for keeping the Sabbath free from governmental in-terference is this : It forces upon a def-inite portion of our communities a hard-ship from which they may be relieved only by violating their religious scruples. It compels a definite portion of our com-munities to remain in a position of indus-trial disadvantage, from which their neighbors of certain other religious be-liefs are relieved. We admit the value of a rest-day, of a Sabbath ; but that admission does not bind us to a certain fixed day. The state may go so far as to institute a rest-day, Ł but not to specify the day. Its concern may be to see that its citizens do them-selves no injury by reason of excessive and unremitting labor. But the preroga-tive is the individual's to observe the day he shall select. The state should keep its hands off. Non-interference is the only consistent and sensible solution of this problem. 