SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. An item last week mentioned the fact that a delegation of clergymen and labor leaders interested in Sunday enforcement in Canada had waited upon the ministers of the different departments of the gov-ernment at Ottawa. The following ac-count of the matter, which appeared in the Toronto Globe of January 12, is worth presenting entire as showing the length to which the activity of the champions of Sunday observance by governmental au-thority can be and is being carried in Canada, and also as showing that in Canada, as in this country, the clerical defenders of the " Lord's day " are secur-ing the co-operation of labor leaders in this matter : Representatives of the Lord's Day Alliance and of the Dominion Trades Congress had a field-day Saturday interviewing leading members of the Government with a view to promoting a stricter observance of the Sab-bath in various branches of work under Federal control. The deputation consisted of Rev. J. G. Shearer, Secretary of the Lord's Day Alliance of Canada ; Rev. F. G. Lett, Rev. J. W. H. Milne, Rev. D. M. Ramsay, Mr. D. J. O'Donoghue and Mr. P. M. Draper, Secretary of the Dominon Trades Congress. The deputation began their tour of the de-partments shortly before noon, when they called upon Hon. Wm. Paterson and thanked him for the orders issued to customs officers not to attend upon steamers which were en-gaged in making Sunday excursions. The Minister of Customs was informed that, owing to these orders, Sunday steamship ex-cursions had been stopped, and he was now asked to prohibit the importation of news-papers from the United States on Sunday. Mr. Paterson was told that the sale of Sun-day newspapers in the border towns of Canada had become a great nuisance and out-raged the feelings of people who believed in a quiet Sabbath. The minister received the deputation in a sympathetic manner and promised to give the matter consideration. Hon. James Sutherland was the next min-ister seen. The deputation said to him that they had no complaints to make in regard to Sunday labor against the Public Works De-partment since he assumed control. They pointed out, however, that some instances had occurred in the department at an earlier date, and they desired that he should use his in-fluence to prevent Sunday labor being per-formed on Government works. The deputa-tion urged that in order to secure this result a special provision should be inserted in the contracts, and that even in particular instances the minister should be very jealous about grant-ing permission for Sunday labor.. Mr. Suther-land stated that he was very glad to have had the representations made to him. Personally he was strongly in favor of maintaining the integrity of our national rest day, and the deputation could rely upon his doing all in his power in the direction of meeting their desires. Proceeding to the Militia Department the deputation interviewed Sir Frederick Borden and brought to his attention a number of in-stances of what might be called using the Sunday for drill purposes. They cited the case of the 43d Duke of Cornwall's Regiment striking camp at Britannia-on-the-Bay last spring and marching into Ottawa on the Sab-bath, also the fact that rifle practise had been carried on at Kaslo, B. C., on Sunday, and in certain parts of Quebec. A number of cases were also mentioned where the militia had used Sunday either to journey to camp or to break up camp and travel to their homes by steamship or railway, thus causing trainmen or sailors to lose their day of rest and seriously disturbing the quiet of the communities af-fected. The deputation alluded to the tre-mendous influence that the militia had upon public opinion, owing to the pride which Ca-nadians took in the force, and pointed out that such as had been alluded to were offensive to the great mass of Christian people. Moreover, the deputation said, members of the militia were expected to obey orders, even in cases of Sunday outings, and, many of them being Christian men, it resulted in the latter having to choose between violating their conscientious convictions and disobeying the orders of their military superiors. Sir Frederick Borden, who 