426 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY but the spirit, and the letter in most in-stances, of the oath of every executive officer in this country bindg him to up-hold the constitution of the State or na-tion and to enforce only the laws passed in accordance therewith, and manifestly he has some discretion in the matter. Of course if the courts and public opinion go against him he will have to yield or sur-render his office. But of course, as we say, this is a diffi-cult point, and there will always be those who will insist that it is the duty of an executive officer always to enforce the laws which he finds upon the statute books, regardless of what they may be or the consequences that may follow. Our opinion is that it is quite possible that there might be instances in which such a course would be more lawless than was the recent action of Mayor Low. "The Kingdom of God on Eartl?" A true conception of the nature and character of the kingdom of which Christ is king, and in the interests of which He lived and died in this world, would seem to be sufficient to preserve His fol-lowers from that common and fatal mis-take of the agesŠthe appeal to and dependence upon secular and external authority in behalf of that kingdom. But it is to be wondered sometimes if it is not possible that this conception may he held in the intellect while the conduct, in part at least, is consistent only with an altogether different sort of a king-dom, or at least an altogether different sort of a conception of the nature of the kingdom of heaven. This thought was suggested to us while listening to a recent discourse by Dr. Geo. C. Lorimer at the Madison Avenue Baptist Church in this city. On the morning of April 6 Dr. Lorimer preached on "The Kingdom of God on  Earth." He presented many excellent thoughts on the subject, among them that the kingdom of God is preeminently a spiritual kingdom, that its domain is as broad and as great as is spiritual life and aspiration, and that it is altogether ,dif-ferent in nature and character from the kingdoms and governments of this world. Its laws are not coercive, but are persuasive ; it is not to dominate, but to permeate; it is not power and might and authority, but "righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost ;" it is "with-in you," and yet it is not an invisible kingdom, but it becomes visible not in hierarchical, episcopal or other ecclesias-tical organizations ; not in magnificent edifices or the pomp of theatrical and spectacular worship, nor in any rites, forms, and ceremonies; but in righteous-ness and joy and peace, in the unloosing of the bands of wickedness, in the undo-ing of the heavy burdens, and in letting the oppressed go free. In connection with the reading of those memorable words of Jesus to Pi-late, "My kingdom is not of this world; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight," Dr. Lorimer exclaimed : "These words were forgotten by St. Augustine when, contrary to his own earlier teachings, he called upon the secular power to crush out the poor Donatists ; they were forgotten by Greg-ory VII. when he declared the Papacy to be the supreme monarchy of the world; and they were forgotten when the Reformation was ruthlessly driven from France." And Dr. Lorimer might have declared with equally as much truth that these words are forgotten to-day by those Christians who seek to promote "Sabbath" observance by means of the civil law. Dr. Lorimer's name has for years occupied a prominent place on the official roll of the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Protective League, an organ- 