io6 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY -and treasonable activity, " the Anti-Im-perialist Committee have rendered a good service to the country in this case," and -even that they " have thus raised a pre-sumption that it [the administration of torture by a military officer of the United States Government] may have been done in other cases not so clearly established." This is quite an admission for The Out-.look. We call attention to it because it goes to confirm the fact that the war which the Republic of the United States -has waged upon another people in order to subject them to its rule was not con--ducted with " unexampled humanity," but Łon the contrary was in part, we know not how great a part, conducted, as recently declared by Dr. Felix Adler, in a spirit of Łcruelty, brutality, and devilishnqss. The Outlook would never say what it does un-less the evidence was overwhelming. "I should like to know if, taking this old Declaration of Independence, which de-clares that all men are equal upon princi-ple, and making exceptions to it, where will it stop? If one man says it does not mean a negro (or Tagalog) why not an-other man say it does not mean some other man? If that declaration is not the truth, let us get the statute book, in which we find it, and tear it out! Who is so bold as to do it?" Why the Utterances of Abraham Lincoln Should be Repeated To-day NINETY-FOUR years ago to-day Abra-ham Lincoln was born. This is the date on which he is annually honored through-out the nation. He can be honored best by honoring the great and living prin-ciples for which he stood, and for which he so ably contended in the times between 1854 and 186o. Therefore THE SENTI-NEL, pays tribute to his memory by pre-senting in this issue some of the preg-nant utterances made by him in the his-toric speeches and debates of those days.  Some of these quotations are very famil-iar, but if the truth that is expressed in each of them is truly recognized and re-ceived none of them can become too familiar. And not only does THE SENTINEL, pre-sent these quotations in order to fitly honor Lincoln's memory, but also, to the extent of its humble influence, to respond to a most pressing need of the times. For to-day to honor and uphold the prin-ciples for which Lincoln stood, and to set before the people the utterances with which he defended them, is not only to honor him, but is to render most true and timely service to the nation, and to the cause of human liberty here and every-where. For in that nation Š that " new nation " Š which was " conceived in lib-erty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal," " the prone-ness of prosperity to breed tyrants " is being demonstrated to an unprecedented extent, and again mighty efforts are be-ing made " to turn a free people back into the hateful paths of despotism." Again a great battle is being fought over the principles which lie at the very foun-dation of the political edifice of the na-tion. Again the Declaration of Inde-pendence has been and is being " assailed, and sneered at, and construed, and hawked at, and torn, till, if its framers could rise from their graves, they could not at all recognize it." Again it is de-nied that " all men are created equal," and that " governments derive their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned." Again mammon, ambition, phi-losophy, and " the theology of the day " have joined in the cry against these truths, and are doing their utmost to have the Declaration " shorn of its vitality and practical value, and left without the germ or even the suggestion of the individual rights of man in it," so that it shall be " no more at most than an interesting memorial of the dead past." And again 