570  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY there are those who are compelled to do so, and that it does not seem right to force the soda-fountain places and cigar stores to close." Labor Commissioner O'Donnell of Minnesota recently made " a two weeks' trip through the northern part of the State endeavoring to get the merchants to agree to Sunday closing and shorter week-day hours for employees." On his return to St. Paul he reported that " the sentiment in the small towns is against Sunday clos-ing of stores and meat markets," but nevertheless he hoped " to secure the assistance of the merchants in enforcing the Sunday-closing law." In connection with a bill of complaint signed by Guy Maconnel of Belleville, N. J., papers were filed at Newark on July 31 asking that the managers of a bicycle racing association be enjoined from conducting races on Sunday at a track in Belleville. The complainant af-firmed that " the noises made at the races create a disturbance which destroys the comfortable peace of his home on the Sabbath day." The defendants were cited to appear and answer to the bill of com-plaint on August i 1. It is reported from Jackson, Minn., that " the agitation over Sunday baseball has gone further, and now an effort is being made to get the stores and other places of business to close on the first day of the week." Petitions protesting against " the steady encroachment of the evil of Sab-bath desecration upon all that is sacred in social, domestic and religious life," " de-ploring making the holy day a time of sports, games, excursions, etc.," and call-ing for " the closing of all places of busi-ness, save those where meals are furnished to regular patrons, on the Sabbath day," have been circulated among the business men and citizens. On August 7 Mayor Stoy of Atlantic City, N. J., " announced that he would take strict measures to enforce the Sun- day-closing law as applied to amuse-ments." At that time it was thought " the amusement men were taking a philosoph-ical view of the situation, and had about decided to observe Sunday in the good old American way," but the visit of " the representative of a leading lawyer " to the city clerk's office on August ix "to secure a copy of the city ordinance relative to the sale of liquor and the general transaction of business on Sunday, and twenty blank warrants of arrest," led to the belief that " a sensational program of retaliation " had been begun by the¥ amusement pro-prietors. Si It was recently reported from Athens, Pa., that " a reform movement is being waged by the Panther Creek Valley Ministerial Association, which embraces nearly all the clergymen from Tamaqua to Mauch Chunk." The " reform " con-sisted in compelling " ice-cream and cigar stores to remain closed on the Sabbath " and preventing druggists from keeping open longer than the two hours allowed them, and from doing anything but filling prescriptions while open. At Athens on August 9 " all business places except three were closed, and Chief Burgess Bales was notified to secure evidence for the prosecution of those who sold." The " reform movement " was also under way at Lansford, and it was " the intention of the ministerial association to conduct a similar crusade at Coaldale, Summit Hill and Nesquehoning." There were 112 arrests for selling liquor on Sunday in Greater New York on August 23, and 13o the previous Sun-day.Ñ" For keeping his saloon open on Sunday " John O'Connell was fined $50 and costs in the police court at New Lon-don, Conn., on August io.ÑAt Warren, 