116  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY newspapers during the last month, the substance of which was that Dr. F. E. Clark, of Boston, president of the World's Christian Endeavor Union, had gone to Washington early in December to keep an engagement which he had with President Roosevelt, "the subject of their conference to be the campaign for Christian citizenship and civic right-eousness which is to be aggressively waged by the Christian Endeavor So-ciety." This cannot be Christian citizenship at all, and we say it with all respect for the two eminent persons just named, and the fact that there is a great movement now under way to advance something that is not Christian citizenship, but which it is intended shall be known and recognized as Christian citizenship, not only bodes .no good for the cause of true Christian citizenship, but it has in it the promise of evil and degeneration for the citizenship of this world. There was a sermon preached on the morning of December 15, in the Claren-don Street Baptist Church, in Boston. that should have been heard by every Christian Endeavorer. Dr. Elmore Har-ris, of Toronto, preached from the text, "For our citizenship is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ." Phil. 3: 20. We wish we could give this sermon entire, for it set forth clearly and beau-tifully the true doctrine of Christian citi-zenship, as it is very seldom heard in these days. The speaker said that while he did not object to a Christian's exer-cising the functions of citizenship in this world, that he did object to the sort of citizenship which a great many Chris-tians were proclaiming now as Christian citizenship. "We are emphasizing too much to-day," he said, "especially in our young people's societies, the citizen- ship of this world. One would suppose that we were to have the kingdom of heaven right here on earth without the King." He declared that the great danger from which the church is likely to suffer in the near future, and from which she is already suffering, is spiritual nearsightedness. She is concerned too much with the things of this world; in her devotion to citizenship in this world she is forgetting the glorious privileges of citizenship in heaven. She regards the words, "And bath made us kings and priests unto God," as beautiful, indeed, but by her actions she shows that they are nothing to her but words. The speaker declared that it was the privilege of the church to look at things in the world from the standpoint of heavenly places whence she has been exalted by her Lord, instead of looking at heavenly things from the low standpoint of earthly citizenship. Men become Christian citi-zens by sitting with Christ in heavenly places. Heavenly citizenship does not run in natural blood ; it comes by way of the new birth. Any one whose privilege it was to hear this sermon should have no difficulty in detecting the spurious character of that "Christian citizenship" that is now so widely proclaimed. At a meeting of the Presbyterian Min-isters' Association in this city on De-cember 31, Rev. Dr. David J. Burrell declared that "the voice of the churches" had killed the demand for legal opening of saloons on Sunday, and added : "No man could be elected President of the United States to-day who is an avowed opponent of Christianity. Thomas Jef-ferson would not be an available candi-date to-day for either party." This may all be true, and yet it is no evidence that any better man than Thomas Jefferson, 