252 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Methodist, and Congregational churches to preach to and instruct their congregations con-cerning proper and illegal observance of Sun-day; and We request our citizens of Saratoga town-ship, who own real estate, to prohibit all per-sons from engaging in ball playing, hunting, shooting, fruit gathering and all games or employments on the same on Sunday, which would be a violation of proper Sabbath observ-ance. We call the attention of our constable and justices of the peace to the above points men-tioned, which are clear violations of State law, and request them to act according to their offi-cial power; and If our citizens will have dances and parties evenings for the good of our young people who are attending school, we recommend as far as possible they be held Friday evening. There is no school on Saturday. and by no means have them on Saturday evening, as the next day is Sunday; and We recommend that a copy of these requests he presented to the Woodman Lodge for their action and as a request for their co-operation in bringing about better regard for physical, moral and State laws, and hence better people. Of course the good people who have put forth these resolutions are perfectly sincere in the belief that they are taking a step that will count for "the overthrow of evil and the establishment of right-eousness." They do not realize that leg-islative bodies cannot fit people for heaven, and that many things, though excellent if done voluntarily, are of no benefit or worth if performed under com-pulsion. Ł Orthodox Jews who keep butcher shops, and their patrons, were all inter-ested yesterday in the decision of Magis-trate Olmsted, who, while sitting in the Essex Market Court on Sunday, dis-charged a Jew butcher who had been ar-rested on complaint of Charles Willi, a member of the Benchmen's Union, for selling meat on Sunday. The law which Wolf Goldberg, the defendant in the  case, was accused of violating was en- acted last year, at the request of the Benchmen's Union. It was in the form of an amendment to section 267, having to do with public traffic, which, as amended, reads as follows: SECTION 267.ŠPublic traffic. All manner of public selling or offering for sale of any prop-erty upon Sunday is prohibited, except that at tides of food may be sold and supplied at any time before to o'clock in the morning, and except, also, that meals may be sold at any time to be eaten on the premises where sold or served elsewhere by caterers, and prepared tobacco, milk, ice and soda water, in places other than where spirituous or malt liquors or wines are kept or offered for sale, and fruit, confectionery, newspapers, drugs, medicines, and surgical appliances may be sold in a quiet and orderly manner at any time of the day. The provisions of this section, however, shall not be construed to allow or permit the public sale or exposing for sale or delivery of un-cooked flesh foods or meats, fresh or salt, at any hour or time of the day. The last sentence was added at the re-quest of the union. Its members de-clared that some such restriction was necessary if they were to have a day off in the week. It affected but little the butchers whose dealings were with Christians. The orthodox Jews main-tained, however, that it hurt not only those engaged in supplying meat, but those to whom it was supplied, on ac-count of the fact that the Jewish shops were all closed on Saturday, the Jewish Sabbath, in addition to Sundays. The result has been that the butchers who have this trade have most of them con-tinued to sell meat on Sundays, but in shops with the curtains drawn and the fronts so closed that no one passing by would think that business was being car-ried on. Goldberg conducted his business in this way. It was brought out at the ex-amination before Magistrate Olmsted 