496  THE SENTINEL OF sion visited Cardinal Rampolla and de-livered to him, for consideration by him-self and the committee of cardinals to be appointed for the negotiations, the in-structions which the Secretary of War had prepared with regard, to the negotia-tions. These instructions were made public in the United States the following day, and we give the substance of them farther on. At the conclusion of this day's "busi-ness" Mr. Taft was represented as being "extremely satisfied with the cordiality of the reception by the Pope," and was reported as saying that, he "was most pleasantly disappointed by finding the venerable Pontiff with the most active mind, a bright eye, a firm grip; quick perception, and a deep, resonant voice, bubbling with humor," and "most sincere in his anxiety to express his interest in America and desire for the success of the great Republic." Cardinal Rampolla was reported to have been "agreeably im-pressed by the frankness shown by Gov-ernor Taft in sending him a copy of Secretary Root's instructions for exam-ination." No reports followed, however, of any great joy over the instructions themselves when they had been ex-amined. On June 9 a "consistory" was held in the Sistine Chapel, and Mr. Taft and his associates "were invited to witness the ceremony, and occupied seats in the dip-lomatic gallery, in the Sala Regia." "As the Pope passed he smilingly bowed to the Americans." The occasion was de-scribed as having been "a brilliant diplo-matic event," and here is a significant passage which appeared in the cable report : The master of ceremonies asked the secre-taries of the several foreign embassies nresent to make room for Governor Taft. They at first ob;ected not knowing who the Governor was. They moved readily enough when in-formed that Governor Taft was the special CHRISTIAN LIBERTY envoy of the United States. and entitled to a place among the ambassadors of the Euro-pean powers. [Italics supplied.] On June 10 Governor Taft "paid offi-ical visits to the Spanish, Austrian and French ambassadors accredited to the Vatican, and visited also Cardinals Sera-fino, Vannutelli and Satolli." The latter "recalled with extreme pleasure the years spent in America, and asked the whole mission to lunch with him Sunday, when he celebrates the fortieth anniversary of his ordination as priest." On the even-ing of the 13th a dinner and reception was given to Mr. Taft and the members of his party by "Francis Masonautt, an American, who is private chamberlain to the Pope, and who lives in the Pamphilj Palace." Leading cardinals and foreign ambassadors were present. The last public dinner reported was on the 19th, at the "American College." ':Governor Taft toasted the Pope and President Roosevelt," and "the Rev. Dr. Thomas F. Kennedy, the rector, and the students responded with hearty cheers." Finally, about the middle of the month, the Pope got around to doing something toward the transaction of "business." It was announced on the 13th that the sub-commission of cardi-nals, which was to deal directly with the American commission, had at last been formed, and that on the following day the "plenary reunions" between the two commissions would commence. The pa-pal commission was composed of the papal Secretary of State, Rampolla, and Cardinals Vives y Tuto, Steinhuber, Gotti and Vannutelli. It was announced a day or two later, in a dispatch from Rome to the Central News, London, that it was understood that with the exception of Cardinal Vannutelli, the other mem-bers of this commission were "in favor of the regulation of the Church in the Philippines in the same manner ns ob- 