Ł CHEIISTICV ISM E2717 VOL. XVI II NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1903 N o. 23     We enjoy, in theory, an entire dis-sociation of church and state. Yet our coinage bears a devout motto, the Presi- dent annually issues a proclamation of national thanksgiving, and even Congress is daily opened with prayer." Thus re-marks the New York Evening Post. The things mentioned are not the only nor the most serious violations in this country of the theory of an entire dissociation of church and state. The Post should have mentioned Sunday legislation and en-forcement and the exemption of church property from taxation. Ł The Pennsylvania legislature which enacted the now famous, or, to use the term of the papers which are now defy-ing it, infamous, " press muzzler "Šthe law which in the face of an express and explicit prohibition of the State constitu-tion attempts to abridge the freedom of the press so that " boss " politics and political corruption, so it is said, may the more freely flourishŠdoubled the pay of its chaplains and appropriated $5000 to a sectarian religious institution. But there is no incongruity here. Legislative piety and state support of religion, as history abundantly shows, go hand in hand with political corruption and civil despotism. In this connection it is pertinent to recall the fact that the " boss " of Pennsylvania was one of the foremost champions in the United States Senate in 1892 of the de-mand of the churches that Congress re- quire the closing of the Chicago World's Fair on Sunday. It was he who sent a Bible to the clerk's desk and had the Fourth Commandment (which he had carefully " inclosed in brackets " for the purpose) read as giving the " reasons " why Congress should require " the clos-ing of the exposition on the Sabbath day." It seems that the Papacy is working for another governmental " mission " to the Vatican. A dispatch from Rome under date, of May 27 said : Cardinal Rampolla, Prefect of the Propa-ganda, proposes that the agreements between Governor Taft and Archbishop Guidi relative to friars and their lands in the Philippines, shall, when finally reached, be brought to Rome by a special mission from the Philippine government for ratification by the Pcpe. This may be only a rumor, but there need be no doubt that what it affirms is in thorough accord with the policy of the Papacy in this matter. It is her purpose to make this Philippine matter tell as much as possible in bringing the Ameri-can government into entangling relations with herself. This is why she has pro-longed the negotiations which the " mis-sion " of last year was sent to accomplish. The more governmental " missions " to the Vatican she can make this Philippine matter yield her the better pleased she will be. It remains to be seen whether the Government, after the experience of last summer, will again walk into the " mission-to-the-Vatican net spread for 