30 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. dom ; it believes that the overwhelming trend is now "for more liberty, more complete trusting of the people." For this reason this editorial is more sig-nificant than it would be otherwise. Some Things We Oppose and Some Things We Do Nol Oppose. We are not opposed to the Sabbath, but we are opposed to Sabbath legis-lation: We oppose no person's right to rest one day in seven, but we do oppose the idea that any person should be com-pelled to rest whether he wishes to or not. We do not oppose granting any per-son the privilege of resting on the day he believes to be the Sabbath, but we oppose making one man's privilege an-other man's duty. We are opposed to compelling people to work when they wish to rest, but we are also opposed to compelling people to rest when they wish to work. There is no law in this country compelling any person to work when he does not want to, and there should be no law com-pelling anyone to rest when he wants to work. We believe that evey person should obey the dictates of his own conscience, therefore we are opposed to making the conscience of one person the rule of con-duct for another. We are not opposed to law, but we believe every statute should conform to the law of justice. We are not opposed to any church nor to any state, but we are opposed to any union between church and state. We are not opposed to any persons or any organizations which are laboring  to secure much needed reforms in so-ciety, but we are opposed to that phase of the work of many otherwise excel-lent and praiseworthy organizations which has as its object the employment of the power of law where God has authorized only the employment of the power of love. We oppose Sabbath legislation be-cause the use of force in religion is contrary to the gospel, contrary to con-science, and against the welfare of both church and state. We are opposed to no man or organ-ization of men, but we are opposed to all principles, by whomsoever held, that work against man's natural and inalien-able rights. We belief in reform, but we believe moral reform must come by the quick-ening of conscience, not through the machinery of civil government. We are opposed to attempts at reform by legislation, because such efforts ignore and often override conscience, and because they set up the law of man in the place of the law of God. We are not opposed to law, but we are opposed to any act by which any man or set of men assume the preroga-tives of God. We oppose religious legislation not because we would set aside law, but be-cause such legislation sets aside the law of God. We oppose efforts to reform society by legislation, not because we do not earnestly desire such Ł reform, but be-cause we believe it can be accomplished only by a far higher power than any legislature can exercise. We desire the moral and spiritual ref-ormation of society, but we say the appeal must be made not to law, but to conscience ; not to the legislature, but to the throne of the Most High. 