362 Ł THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY rather than on our lips." The apostle John touches the keynote of the whole matter when he says : " If a man [or a nation either] say, I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a liar ; for he that lov-eth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he bath not seen ? " God loves justice and hates oppression. It is of little use for men to profess to love and fear God while at the same time they are oppressing or seeking to oppress His creatures, made in His own image. To ancient Israel He gave the command : " Proclaim liberty throughout the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." They failed to do it, and became selfish, hard-hearted and oppressive toward one an-other; therefore He said to them again: Thus saith the Lord : Ye have not heark-ened unto me, in proclaiming liberty, every one to his brother, and every man to his neighbor; behold I proclaim a liberty for you, saith the Lord, to the sword, to the pestilence, and to the famine; and I will make you to be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth. If any are still inclined to doubt whether the religious declaration in the -preamble to the Australian constitution, meager as it is, will not be made use of as we have indicated, or that there is no .danger of the churches dominating the civil power in Australia, and therefore no need of any such clause as that now numbered 116 of the Federal constitu-tion, let them read the following state-ments made by different speakers at an -annual conference of the Evangelical Council of New South Wales, held in July, .19oo : A recognition of God had been made in the preamble of the Commonwealth Act, and the churches should now set before the people of these colonies their sense of the importance of the political union of the colonies, by bringing about in a more definite way, if pos-sible, a federation of the churches. They wanted to teach the legislative assem-bly of the colony that the Protestant church  was a force to be felt, and they could do it if they liked. The Free Churchmen numbered, roughly speaking, about two-thirds of the people of this colony, and if they got into line they could bring about any legislation they might desire. And the kind of legislation they, or at least their leaders, desire is evident from what was presented in last week's article Šreligious legislation. They desire the state to teach religion, and above all to enforce Sunday observance. If it is right for Protestants to thus combine and get themselves " into line " to control politics and legislation, it is right for Catholics to do the same. Those Protestant leaders who recom-mend such methods to Protestants, can-not, with any show of consistency, object to the advice given to Catholics at the Catholic Congress held in Sydney in Sep-tember, 19oo, as presented in the fol-lowing: The necessity for registration with a view to the more effective exercise of the Catholic vote was insisted on in a paper read by Dr. D. A. Kenny, K.S.G., of Melbourne. If every Catholic adult in Australia entitled to vote would exercise his franchise, it would easily be possible, in Dr. Kenny's opinion, to return to each of the State assemblies, and also to the Commonwealth Parliament, a solid Cath-olic party, which should be able to exercise a power similar to that possessed by the great Catholic party in the German Reichstag. . . . The Catholic party would insure a just ap-preciation of the rights and interests of the body it represented. Dean Hogarty (Mel-bourne) concurred in the proposition of Dr. Kenny. It was most desirable that Catholics should be A situated with regard to the franchise that they could, when necessary, either help a friend or smite a foe. Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object, or to produce a religious effect through politics, are al-ways dangerous. All religious despot-isms have commenced by combination and influence; and when that influence has begun to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power 