396 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Through the great struggles of the past for freedom the people of these lands be-came familiar with the principles, and public sentiment demanded their recog-nition and expression in the laws of the land. But the histories of these great struggles are but little read, and less talked about, by the masses of to-day. Few read the works which chronicle these great conflicts for civil and religious lib-erty. They are not in large demand at the present time. These moral battles, upon the result of which so much de-pended, and which bequeathed to succeed-ing generations liberty of conscience and freedom of thought and expression, are not being fought over in the minds of the people 'to-day. The great underlying prin-ciples which actuated them, and carried them through to a glorious and 'successful issue, have largely faded from the mem-ory of the present generation, and again the cloud of religious' oppression, ever ready to overshadow and sweep away the dearest rights of man, hangs with threat-ening aspect over the world. This being so, the question arises, Shall we keep these principles alive, or shall we let them die? Shall our children  be taught the blessings and the value of the rights and liberties so long enjoyed, or shall they grow up in ignorance of them? Shall the rising generation hear first the clear and logical voice of free-dom and truth, or the ingenious sophis-tries which justify intolerance and per-secution? It is often a great misfortune for one to hear the wrong side first, for first impressions are the most lasting. To assist in perpetuating and extend-ing a knowledge of these noble and im-portant principles, this paper is published and these articles are written. To en-courage all, both men and women, youth and children, to prize the blessings of lib-erty as a precious heritage is our object. Human rights naturally divide them-selves into two realms, civil and religious. With the former the state properly has to do; with the latter, the church. The subject, therefore, involves a considera-tion not only of the rights themselves, but of the natural and rightful province and work of the state and the church, and the relation which they should sus-tain to each other. The articles to follow, therefore, will deal especially with these two realms, the state and the church. An ideal which more than any other one cause has shaped American institu-tions, which, indeed, has drawn to our shores a majority of our foreign-born citizens, is that of freedom. In recent years the labor unions have been conspic-uous among the forces that have been breaking down this ideal. . . . The trade union program will not be what it ought to be until it finds a way to reconcile the discipline of organization, on the one hand, with a great measure of liberty re-served to its individual members and to non-unionists on the other hand. The trade union of to-day is tyrannical. It expects its individual members to submit their wills and to conform their conduct  to the authority of a leader, or to the de-cision of a majority which may be made up of the most incompetent, most unwise and most untrustworthy elements in the body. . . We want in this country no workingmen who will sit down like ab-ject slaves in the face of cruel wrongs that ought to be redressed. We want not any who are incapable of organization and the effective co-operation which it implies. But neither do we want those who are incapable of extending to other men the rights which they claim for themselves and who think that they have escaped from slavery when they yield their wills to tyrants of their own elec-tion.ŠThe Independent. 