7F4 ouggo 11 OF 011fRUSTNIV IllE83,EanY VOL. XIX WASHINGTON, D. C., FEBRUARY 4, 1904 "The Christian pa-triots of our land stand ready to wage any battle, at whatever cost, to main-tain the sacred character of the Lord's day inviolate," recently wrote the pas-tor of the First Reformed Church in Philadelphia in defending and uphold-ing the Sunday-enforcement crusade. in that city. This clergyman stated very accurately the purpose of the clergymen who engage in the work. of Sunday-law enforcement. Their purpose in the matter is "to maintain the sacred character of the Lord's day." It would have been interesting had this clergy-man explained where he and other clergymen, or any other persons, eet the warrant for using, or assuming the right to use, the civil law and the civil courts to maintain the sacred character of a religious observance and institu-tion. It would also have been inter-esting had he explained what warrant those who thus employ, or assume the right to thus employ, the civil law, and the civil courts have for considering themselves Christian patriots in the matter. It is strange that this Amer-ican, Christian clergyman does not know that those Americans who em-ploy, or seek to employ, the civil law and the civil courts to maintain a re-ligious observance are in that thing neither Christians nor patriots, but are antagonizing and violating the princi-ples both of their country and of the Christian religion. Those whose re- ligion and patriotism moves them to employ, or to demand the employment , of, the law and the courts to main-tain a religious observance have a re-ligion that is not Christianity and a patriotism that is not true loyalty to their country. When "the Christian patriots of our land" who insist upon employing the civil law and the civil courts "to maintain the sacred charac-ter of the Lord's day inviolate" cease so insisting, and instead have regard for maintaining inviolate the sacred principles of their country and of the Christian religion with respect to the matter, they will be warranted in con-sidering themselves Christians and pa-triots in the matter, and not before. And until they do thus turn about it will be the duty of all who are Chris-tian patriots indeed to stand ready to wage any battle, at whatever cost, to maintain the sacred principles of Chris-tianity and Americanism in the face of this work of antagonism and trea-son to them on the part of the mis-called "Christian patriots of our land." Gen. William Birney, The " Sabbath " in Congress who has been watch- ing the matter, in-forms us that from present appear-ances it is doubtful if the bill "to further protect the first day of the week in the District of Columbia," which was introduced in the House of R,epresentatives on November 24, will be given the honor of a committee Neither Christian Nor Patriotic 