364 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY terance by Mr. Gladstone, at the Lord Mayor's banquet, August 9, 1882: We do not go to make war on the Moham-medan religion, for it is amongst the prominent distinctions of Christianity to establish tolerance [religious liberty he doubtless meant] ; and we know that wherever the British rule exists the same respect which we claim for the exer-cise of our own conscientious convictions is yielded to the professors of every other faith on the surface of the globe. The following extract from a procla-mation issued to her subjects in 1858 by Her Majesty, the late Queen Victoria, is well worth inserting here : Firmly relying ourselves on the truth of Christianity, and acknowledging with grati-tude the solace of religion, we disclaim alike the right and the desire to impose our con-victions on any of our subjects. We declare it to be our Royal will and pleasure that none be in any wise favored, nor molested or dis- quieted, by reason of their religious faith or observance, but that all shall alike enjoy the equal and impartial protection of the law ; and we do strictly charge and enjoin all those who. may be in authority under us, that they abstain from all interference with the religious belief or worship of any of our subjects, on pain of our highest displeasure. Referring to the constitution of the United States, Mr. 'Gladstone said that " among its greatest features none is more interesting than its full provision . for the complete separation of church and state." The fact that there are in Aus-tralia not only leaders of religious thought, but strong and influential re-ligious organizations, which would tear this same provision from the Australian constitution, and unite church and state, if they could, is evidence that there is a tide setting in toward the religious des-potisms of the past. By no implication nor construction can the Jews of to-day be held accountable for the crime of the crucifixion, nearly nine-teen centuries since. The Jewish people, as a people, were not responsible for the execution of Jesus at the time. It was the act of a narrow-minded and malignant hierarchy. . . - . If we would recom-mend our faith to the acceptance of our Hebrew friends, it is a poor and irrational way to accomplish it by showing an in-imical spirit towards them personally or as a race. . . . The Jewish race gave us our prophets, our evangelists, our apostles. . . . Jesus himself never taught or showed an uncharitable spirit toward his fellow-countrymen. He wept and prayed over Jerusalem, but he never cursed its people.ŠWestern Christian Advocate. A monster demonstration in protest against the Education Bill took place in London on May 23. Fifty speakers, rep-resenting the non-conformist churches,  the trades unions and the Liberal clubs, made addresses from twelve different platforms to immense crowds assembled in Hyde Park. A few days before the leading non-conformist clergyman of London stated in a public address in his church that he would refuse to pay the rates for the support of religious teaching assessed against him under the Education Bill. This declaration was warmly ap-plauded by the audience. It seems that the final vote has not been taken on the Education Bill in the House of Commons. The Buffalo (N. Y.) Times says that "Sunday ball playing is a harmless amusement," and that it is reminded by the objections that are made to "a game whereby a great deal of harmless pleas-ure is given to many and offense to none, save those who are always seeking of-fense," of Macaulay's commentary on bear-baiting : "The Puritans hated it, not because it gave pain to the bear, but because it gave plasure to the spectators." 