HEARINGS AT THE MASSACHUSETTS CAPITOL 283 all sectarian legislation. There were present a goodly number of distinguished clergymen, representing the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Congregational and Christian denominations. The proposition emphasized by nearly all the speakers was that no appropria-tion should be granted by the State to any religious body. In the main, the speakers presented the truth regarding the proper functions of the State in this matter in a most forci-ble, interesting and eloquent manner. With great emphasis a number of the speakers stated that any denomination that could not support itself without the aid of the State ought to die, and other similar expressions were made. Some of those who spoke most decid-edly in support of this measure are among New England's most zealous ad- o vacates of Sunday legislation. It is a query how intelligent men can so earnestly defend the principles that un-derlie our Federal Government, and in  the very next breath seek the aid of the State in support of the Sunday institu-tion, which is in flagrant contradiction of the principles of religious liberty. What is the difference whether the State shall impose a tax in money or of one's time, which represents money, as is done when, by civil enactment, the observance of a particular day in each week is re-quired in response to the demands of a class pf citizens who desires to have their religious conceptions, especially with re-gard to "the Sabbath," "respected" ? It was very evident that if those pres:-ent who were in deed and in truth the supporters of the principle of this bill, had placed before the honorable commit-tee what was really involved in a bill to eliminate all religious legislation of a sectarian character, that they would have been regarded as opposers of the bill, in-stead of its true supporters, by those who were so loudly and rightly, too, pleading that the State should not discriminate in favor of any religious organization. On February 16, 1899, Secretary of the Navy long delivered an address before the Home Market Club of Boston. In that address Mr. Long said : "It is cer-tain cause for congratulation that the ex-treme imperialists who resisted the treaty have been signally overthrown. By re-sisting its ratification they have been in-sisting upon the extremest imperialism and have now out-Heroded Herod. They not only would have prolonged the war with Spain, but would have refused to take out of the hands of one man, the President, absolute authority over the Philippines, limited only to the indefinite scope of what is called the war power, wielded by a purely military arm holding a naked sword. Think of that for impe- rialism! It is a great credit to the Presi-dent that, like Julius Caesar and George Washington, he has refused this offer of a kingly crown. On the contrary, the good old democratic plan has been adopted of putting the disposition of these islands into the hands of the Amer-ican people, who will duly express their will through their representatives in Con-gress assembled. I have no doubt the President is delighted to have the ele-phant off his hands and on theirs." Three years have gone by since this speech was delivered and yet the Presi-dent appears to be wielding about as much power in the Philippines as he did in 1899. It is true that Congress is going through the form of enacting a tariff law, 