Sundae Law Agitation in Argentina [In a note in the June SENTINEL was given the substance of a communication from a cor-respondent in Buenos Ayres, Argentine Republic, S. A., who had written us regarding a move-ment for Sunday legislation and enforcement that was manifesting itself in that city and country. Among other things it was stated that last fall a procession of workingmen waited upon the president of the country and asked for the enactment of a national Sunday law, and that the president had promised to have the matter brought before the national congress; and that in February the leading Protestant denominations of the country, in united convention and with the approval of Roman Catholic Church authorities, had demanded a Sunday law. We are glad to present herewith later and additional information regarding this matter from another correspondent in Buenos Ayres, Mr. N. Z. Town.ŠEirroR1 AWAVE of Sunday-law enthusiasm has reached even this part of the world, and the last week of August was one of interest and activity for a number of us here in Buenos Ayres, doing what we could to call the attention of the pub-lic, and especially of the agitators and law-makers, to the real and fundamental question that is involved in all Sunday legislation. This Sunday-law movement originated with the Union of Commercial Clerks of this city, but its influence extends to all parts of the Argentine Republic, as is in-dicated by the following quotations from the leading daily paper of Buenos Ayres. In its issue of August 24 this paper said : "The Union of Commercial Clerks continue with activity their work for the execution of the popular demonstration which is to take place on the 3ist, when a petition will be presented to the National Congress asking that it sanction a law making Sunday rest obligatory through-out the Republic." A few days later the same paper announced that "the move-ment has found a sympathetic echo in all the labor unions and organizations both in the capital and in the provinces," and that "more than sixty societies will send delegates to the demonstration." As soon as we saw the notice of this agitation we consulted together, and then prepared a four-page supplement to our little publication, El Faro, showing why Sunday laws are wrong. We first sent  one of these to each of the senators and representatives of the National Congress, then we distributed them to the business houses in the city and posted quantities to the different towns that expected to send delegates, and lastly we went among the crowd as they gathered for the demon-stration add handed them out. At first these supplements were received very eagerly by the agitators, but, on discover-ing the attitude taken in them on the question, some of the leaders gathered up as many as possible and burned them then and there. However, all would not give them up, and this opposition gave us a chance to explain more fully the dan-gers of the Sunday-law movement. There are a number of points of inter-est in the petition that was presented to Congress. It began thus : In representation of the commercial em-ployees of the capital and interior of the Re-public, and counting on the moral and material support of the employers, we solicit the sanc-tion of a law that will declare Sunday rest obligatory throughout the whole country. May we be permitted to point out some fundamental considerations, citing the opinions of men who have advocated and warmly defended the Sun-day rest. Then followed quotations from Glad-stone and Macaulay, defending, or sup-posed to defend, enforced Sunday rest, accompanied by the significant re-minder for "each of the honorable Sena-tors and Representatives that in England 