SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 315 meeting in favor of Sabbath observance will be held in the city hall on Thursday evening. The committee in charge is aiming to make the meeting entirely un-denominational, and among those who will be invited to participate are the Cath-olics as well as Protestants. Both Pro-testant and Catholic clergy will be rep-resented among the speakers. Rev. Dr. M. D. Kneeland will be the chief speaker. It is expected that Hon. H. M. Knowlton will preside." Ł Ł The Funeral Coach Driver's Union of Trenton, N. J., has served this notice on local undertakers : "On and after March 2 we positively refuse to drive to Sunday funerals, except where the death is caused by contagious diseases." It is stated that the union is determined "to put a stop to Sunday funerals," and is confident that they will be "supported by the clergymen, several of whom have ex-pressed themselves already as opposed to Sunday funerals." The members of the union "say it is too great a strain on their nerves to attend their duties seven days in the week, besides interfering with their religious duties." Ł The Minneapolis Times of March I contained this item : "About a week ago John Anderson, a deaf barber, was fined $5 or five days for keeping his barber shop open on Sunday. AndersoA, however, felt it would be money in his pocket to keep open and pay a fine, and recently ap-peared before the city authorities and asked if he could not arrange to pay a regular fine by the day, month or year. He expected that in this way it would be less expensive. When informed, how-ever, that it wolld cost him $io or ten days for each and every shave, he went his way to conjure up some other and  safer plan." Sunday barbering must be regarded as more of a crime in Minne-apolis than is fighting. Ł Archbishop Keane and the parish priests of Dubuque, Iowa, have presented to the city council a petition "urging the adoption of an ordinance .providing for the closing of saloons on Sunday and at to p. m. on secular days, and prohibiting wine rooms and the sale of liquor to minors or drunkards." That phrase, "on secular days," has a significance that should not be overlooked in this connec-tion. It shows that the closing of saloons on Sunday is desired because Sunday is regarded as something different from a secular day. However laudable may be efforts and ordinances restricting and curtailing the liquor traffic and its at-tendant evils, they should not be based upon any such distinction as that between sacred and secular days. Ł The Terre Haute (Ind.) Merchants' Association has taken its first step to en-force the Sunday closing of all the retail stores of that city. The following notice has been sent out to the clothiers, butch-ers, and grocers who are known to have been keeping their places of business open on Sunday:  Dear SirŠIt has been reported to this as-sociation that you keep open your place of business on Sunday. Kindly refrain from do-ing so in the future. Very respectfully, TERRE HAUTE MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION. "Prosecution will follow where the merchant refuses to notice the request of the association. The association, which was in a dormant state before the State convention, has become thoroughly aroused, and will make things hot for the violators of the law." 