 EASY WASHING  NO RUBBING CLOTHES if you use E-Z WASH   You can do a washing in half the time with half the labor Unlike other preparations, it will not injure the clothes or handsŠPOSITIVELY  DOES NOT ROT THE CLOTHES   Dear Sir: I received the Washing Tablets. I tried them last week, and to say I was pleased don't half express my delight. It is the first time in my life that I have done a washing WITHOUT RUBBING. and I am nearly fifty years old. You can put me down as an agent. Enclosed find Postal Order for 3 dozen. Mrs. J. W. T., Stevenson, Wash. We will send you sufficient for ŠTHREE WASHINGS FOR io CENTSŠ LIBERAL TERMS TO AGENTS Address  ALFRED MALLETT, NYACK, - - NEW YORK     "ROYAL MUSKOKA" HIGHLANDS OF OIVTARIO The romantic and beautiful situation of the new "Royal Muskoka" hotel, located in the heart of the most magnificent summer resort district in America, inspires anticipations of the most pleasant sort. Every comfort and luxury that modern civilization has given us is found in this great hotel, which can accom-modate .35o people. Public and private baths on each floor. All rooms are outside, single cr en suite; hot and cold water in each room; electric light and bells; open fire places, etc. Sanitation arrangements most modern. Cui-sine of the highest order of excellence. Among the amusements are a beautiful Bathing Beach, Tennis Grounds, Golf, Bowl-ing Alley, Croquet, Bowling Green, Recrea-tion and Billiard rooms, and many enjoyable water trips. Direct telegraph service with the hotel. About six hours journey north of TorontoŠexcellent transportation service. Illustrated descriptive literature giving all particulars regarding routes and rates, etc., can he had on application to FRANK P. DWYER, E. 'P. Agent Grand Trunk Railway System 290 BROADWAY, NEW YORK . IA glahr A Study of Principles In Alonzo T. Jones' book entitled "THE TWO REPUBLICS" is a comparative study of the underlying principles of the two greatest RepublicsŠRome and the United States. "The principle of Rome in all its phases is that religion and government are insepa-rable. The principle of the government of the United States is that religion is essentially distinct and wholly separate from civil government, and entirely exempt from its cog-nizance. "As it was Christianity that first and always antagonized this governmental principle of Rome, and established the governmental principle of the United States of America, the fundamental idea, the one thread-thought of the whole book, is to develop the princi-ples of Christianity with reference to civil government, and to portray the mischievous results of the least departure from those principles." Rome occupies one extreme and the United States the other. Which is right? The question interests every reader of THE SENTINEL, for in its solution and the correct appli-cation of the principles lies the salvation of individual as well as nation. "T'wo Republics" contains 895 octa`bo pages and is substantially bound in cloth. Price, postpaid, $1.75. Complete catalog of publications mailed on request. Address PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 11 WEST 20th STREET, NEW YORK CITY. 