EDITORIAL. 37 try. This is the new and advance step that it is now proposed to take immedi-ately along the line of "Christian citizen-ship." "The reason why corruption has been rampant in some of our cities," it is stated, "is that the people have not been informed, have not taken pains to inform themselves of their own municipal af-fairs." It is the purpose of these Chris-tian Endeavor civic clubs to eradicate this rampant corruption by giving to the people "just this information," by keep-ing them informed of "the municipal platforms of the parties and their politi-cal machinery." "Young Irish-Ameri-cans are often better informed about measures of current politics, and better able to debate them, than young Ameri-can-Americans," and it is proposed by means of these "civic clubs" to make the young American-Americans as well informed in these matters as are the young Irish-Americans, to the end that there may be brought about "the regen-eration of our political life." "The young Irish-Americans ought to have the influence and the offices if they have political information and alertness in discussion," we are told. "They will get them and keep them." But the thought seems to prevail that young Christian Endeavorers "ought to have the influence and the offices," and that if they get this political information they will be able to "get them and keep them ;" and then corruption will disap-pear from the political life of the na-tion. It is in order for some one to explain why, if political information and knowl-edge of "the municipal platforms of the parties and their political machinery" is a guarantee against political corruption, it is that those who now have this very information, and whose knowledge in  these matters is set up as an example for the young Christian Endeavorers of the country, are the very ones who are creating this corruption. The corrupt political organizations of the great mu-nicipalities of this country are infested and made up of men who have this very information, and many of these men are Irish-Americans, too, but we would not suppose that they were very youthful. We doubt not that this "Christian citi-zenship" movement is inspired by high motives, and that it is stimulated by the worthy desire to put an end to the great corruption which seems to be increasing in the cities of the country. We have no desire to condone such corruption nor to oppose any movement by which it may be eradicated. But we cannot be-lieve that political action is the best form of endeavor which Christians can em-ploy against corruption. We believe that such endeavor is more likely to cor-rupt the church than it is to reform poli-tics. When the church begins to place her reliance on political methods and power she is preparing the way for ter-rible abuses which are none the less cer-tain though they may not be apparent at first. It was well said by Justice Welch, of the Ohio supreme court, that "religion is the parent, and not the offspring of good government. Its kingdom is to he first sought, and good government is one of those things which will be added thereto. True religion is the sun which gives to government all its true lights, while the latter merely acts upon religion by reflection." The Outlook says that "nothing is clearer than that, if the work of the Christian churches is to be done ef- 