t't,) .e. elF) A Study of Principles In Alonzo T. Jones' book entitled 3 "THE TWO REPUBLICS" is a comparative study of the underlying principles of the two greatest RepublicsÑRome and the United States. "The principle of Rome in all its phases is that religion and government are insepa-rable. The principle of the government of the United States is that religion is essentially distinct and wholly separate from civil government, and entirely exempt from its cog-nizance. "As it was Christianity that first and always antagonized this governmental principle of Rome, and established the governmental principle of the United States of America, the fundamental idea, the one thread-thought of the whole book, is to develop the princi-ples of Christianity with reference to civil government, and to portray the mischievous results of the least departure from those principles." Rome occupies one extreme and the United States the other. Which is right? The question interests every reader of THE SENTINEL, for in its solution and the correct appli-cation of the principles lies the salvation of individual as well as nation. "Two Republics" contains 895 octa'bo pages and is substantially bound in cloth. Price, postpaid; $1.75. at Complete catalog of publications mailed on request.  Address PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 11 WEST 20th STREET; NEW YORK CITY. ¨, A' act ¥ Les; 05,7. a¥ e, 7;>"),<}f>te47.17:4grra,Z1714,17VVVVVV, w¥VV,ra Easy hashing THE RIGHTS  OF THE PEOPLE or, Civil Government and Religion We have a preparation that will re-move dirt and stains from clothes with very little work. Practically no rub-bing, and POSITIVELY without in-jury to the finest fabric. It. is far ahead of washing powders or any other preparation. We will send you postpaid Sufficient for THREE WASHINGS FOR 10c Stamps or sliver. A thoroughly practical treatise by Alonzo T. Jones, showing the relation of civil government and religion. Shows what the Christian should ren-der to God and what to the State, the province of the "powers that be," and is therefore of great value to EVERY LAWMAKER as well as to every citizen, Christian or not. The book contains 378 pages and is furnished in cloth at $1.00 per copy Paper covers (a 4o cent book) for 25c. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City. WE WANT AGENTS in every town. Full time or spare moments. Send at once for our liberal terms. We have sold most of the 2% gross of Tablets and am afraid we shall be out of them before we can get another lot at the rate they have gone the past few days. Quite a number wko have had one bar before have liked it so well that they have taken a dollar's worth this week. Enclosed find Postal Order for another 2% gross. We have sixty or more regular customers here and I have not had time to do much with the Tablets either. Mrs. C. W. P., Lewiston, Maine. Address ALFRED MALLETT, NYACK, - - - - N. Y. 