7I-4 'man§ CffilffilLTWA,Pf 1115ZaTY VOL. XVIII WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1903 No. 52     Sunday-Law Oppression in Philadelphia Again THERE is more to add to the report given two weeks ago of the Sunday-enforcement crusade that has been carried on by the Philadelphia "Sab-bath" Association in that city, and we feel justified in again giving the mat-ter prominence and devoting, much of Ł our space to it. There have been some very interesting developments which we had expected to report in this num-ber, but which, owing to delay in re-ceiving the material necessary in the preparation of a report of them, must be reported in the next issue. It had been the custom all along to have the hearing of the Sunday-law cases on Wednesday of each week, but beginning with the first week in De-cember they have been held on Thurs-day instead. Officers of the Business Men's Protective Association, the or-ganization of small dealers that is op-posing the Sunday-enforcement crusade of persecution, attribute this change "to the desire of the Sabbath Associa-tion to protect its witnesses from arrest for violation of the Sunday law on their own part by buying goods on Sunday." "The law 'provides that warrants in such cases must be issued within sev-enty-two hours after the alleged offense is committed," and so by having the trials on Thursday instead of Wednes-day the "Sabbath" Association is able to have its agents testify at the trials to their own violation of the law in  order to secure the conviction of others without running the risk of being ar- rested and prosecuted on the strength of their own testimony. The first hear- ing under this new arrangement was on December 3, and from the report of it given by the Public. Ledger the next day we take the folowing : More than ninety cases of Sunday selling, in violation of the statute of 1794, were before Magistrate South yesterday, and some thirty of them were disposed of. The prosecutor was Rev. George S. Vail, representative of the Sabbath Association. Benard F. Owens, of 1407 Filbert Street, appeared as counsel for several of the defendants. Questions intended to test the veracity of the informers employed by the Sab-bath society were frequently met by point blank refusals to answer, which were in most cases sustained by the magistrate. Among the facts involved in these questions were the private ad-dresses of the witnesses, the businesses which they ordinarily followed, and the names of their employers. Less than half a dozen cases of candy selling were on the list, and only two defendants in these were tried. One of them is J. P. Farmakis, *to has four large confectionery stores on Market and North Eighth Streets. A complaint of selling candy on Sunday at each of these places was lodged against him. He paid the statutory fine of $4, and costs of $2.50, in one case, and the mag-istrate showed an inclination to fine him in the others also, but Mr. Owens made a strong argument in opposition, declaring that in levying one fine for 