THE NEBRASKA DECISION 8x3 brought about a new situation, which be-gins with the death of Pius IX., when al-most all states held aloof from the Holy See and the Church, and which ends with Catholicism at present in a prominent place. The Czar and the Lutheran Pope have representatives accredited to the Holy See; Mr. Gladstone sent Mr. Er-rington to the Vatican, and if Great Britain has not yet established official re-lation! with Rome, sympathy has taken the place of prejudice in that country, and collaboration is substituted for open hostility. "In the United States the beneficient conduct of the Holy Father in the mat-ter of Cahenslyism, the establishment of the Apostolic Delegation at Washington,  the amphictyonic attitude of the Pope during the discussion of the Faribault case, his moderating co-operation in the Philippines, the personal interest that Leo XIII. takes in the glorious de-velopment of American destinies, are all facts that denote perceptible progress. In Canada for the first time he has instituted an Apostolic Delegation. In Mexico he has pre-pared a plan of agreement the success of which would be a guaranty for the re-generation of that country. Through his reforms and through the National Congress of Latin America he has caused these republics, weary of a long period of sterility and decadence, to bloom once more." The Nebraska Decision By the Editor LAST month we noted the fact that the Supreme Court of Nebraska had pronounced the reading of the Bible and the singing of religious hymns in public schools to be in violation of the constitu-tion of that State, and quoted the opening paragraph, in which was embodied the substance of the decision. Such a de-cision is of course important, and is of special interest to all who are especially interested in the subject of religious lib-erty and desirous that the principle of church and state separation shall be fully carried out in practise. Therefore we present herewith, as it has appeared in the press, the most of this recent decision, which was filed on October 9, the case being that of the "State [of Nebraska] ex rel. Freeman vs. Scheve et al.," ap-pealed in 1901 from the district court of Gage county, which had dismissed the suit upon the ground that the practises  complained of were within the discretion of the school board and not subject to mandamus. Following the opening paragraph, the first article of the fourth section and the eighth article of the eleventh section of the State constitution were quoted. The first declares that all persons have the natural and indefeasible right to worship according to the dictates of their own consciences, and that no interference with the rights of conscience shall be per-mitted, specifically prohibiting any pref-erence to be given by law to any religious society and the compelling of any per-son to attend or support any place of worship. The second declares that' no sectarian instruction shall be allowed in any school or institution supported in whole or in part by the public funds set apart for educational purposes. The de-cision then continued as follows, except 