470 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY A Praiseworthy Our observation is Exception that as a general thing " law and or-der society " is another name for Sunday enforcement organization. To most of those that have come to our notice it would appear that " law " means Sunday legislation and " order " Sunday observ-ance and enforcement. We were there-fore not only pleased but surprised to find the following in the official report of the May business meeting of the board of directors of the New York State Law and Order Society, which report was published as the leading edi-torial article in the May State Sentinel, the society's organ : The secretary was called upon for an expla-nation in reference to a telegram which was sent by him to the editor-in-chief of the New York World, in response to one from the editor which requested that he give the Society's idea in reference to Magistrate Duell's decision re-garding Sunday baseball. The secretary stated that in reply he had said in a telegram of 250 words that the State Law and Order Society was committed to " the enforcement of all just laws and the enactment of such measures as would be beneficial to the community at large." A Sunday law, he explained, could hardly be called a just law, as it was an abridgment of religious liberty. In order to find if a law was just according to the American standard it would be necessary to consult the Constitution of the United States. In that document we are informed that a man has a right to worship God according to-the dictates of his own con-science. The Constitution also states that no form of religion shall be recognized by law, and as the keeping of Sunday was always a re-ligious act, it was therefore in violation of the Constitution to enact a law to compel its observance. To say that it was for the purpose of compelling rest upon a civil rest-day was only begging the question, as it is a well-known fact that Sunday laws would not be upon the statute books unless it was for the demand made for their enactment by various religious bodies. To deny this is futile. It is generally supposed that the divine authority for Sunday observance is based upon the Fourth Commandment, but this is false, as Sunday is the first day of the week, while  the Fourth Commandment required the ob-servance of the seventh day, which is Satur-day. Friday evening until Saturday eveningŠsunset to sunsetŠis the seventh day according to Scripture. The first day runs from Satur-day evening sunset until Sunday evening sun-set. Sunday, therefore, is a part of two Scrip-tural days, and the whole of none. This is a fact which is seldom considered by the Sunday advocates. If anybody regards the first day as holy, they do not so observe if they work after sunset upon Saturday. I can prove my posi-tion from Scripture. " From even unto even shall ye celebrate your.  Sabbath." Lev. 23: 32. In Gen. I : 5, 8, 13, 19, 23, and 31; Lev. 23 : 31; Neh. 13: 19 ; Matt. 8: 16; Mark I : 32; Luke 4:3o, we find Scriptures to support what I have said. I will make any person a present of $25 if they can find any verse in the Bible which says that the day begins at midnight. I am safe in making the offer because such a verse cannot be found. We, therefore, sce that a law to compel rest upon a religious day would be illegal; and, also, that if it was legal that the Scriptural first day of the week is not comprehended in the Sunday law, and to Scripture we must go for authority for religious acts, especially if we de-sire to bind the observance of the act upon our fellowmen. We can easily see that if we break the first six or seven hours of the first day of the week (on Saturday evening) that we might as well break the whole day, as St. James has well said, that he who shall " offend in one point is guilty of all." James 2:to. Now in this great city of New York we have Jews, Seventh-day Baptists, Seventh-day Ad-ventists and other people who observe the seventh day (Friday evening until Saturday evening) as holy time according to the Fourth Commandment, as found in the loth chapter of Exodus. Now it is most unfair to impose upon these Hebrews and Christians the burden of observing Sunday, especially when no com-mand to keep Sunday holy can be found in the New Testament. The Rev. Father Enright, of Kansas City, Mo., offers $1,000 to any person who can find such a command. Nobody as yet has claimed the money. Therefore, gentlemen of the board, I took the ground that as this society is committed only to the enforcement of just laws, the deci-sion of Magistrate Duell in reference to Sun-day baseball met with our approval, inasmuch as it partially nullified what we must believe from the evidence presented to be an unjust law. Sin is described in the Scriptures as "the 