SUNDAY LAW AGITATION IN ARGENTINA 823 and the United States Sunday rest is ob-ligatory." The petition continued : The fact is often mentioned that our legisla-tion is based on that of the United States, and if in anything we should imitate the great re-public it is in the interest with which in that country they sanction laws which protect and guard the life and health of the working class. The sanction of a law that declares obligatory Sunday rest would result in moral, economical and social benefits, and would not injure com-mercial interests, because, the closing being general, nobody would experience any loss, and this accounts for the fact that the majority of the merchants sign the petition. The petition already has more than so,000 signatures. This reasoning, based on their present knowledge, is of course natural and log-ical, but at the meetings of the Sunday-law agitators the speakers cannot keep away from the religious phase of the  matter. And some are even more frank in their references to Sunday as a sacred day and institution than are Sunday-law agitators in the United States, owing per-haps to their not realizing what such frankness involves. At one gathering a speaker referred to the names of the days of the week, and showed the true origin of Sun-day observance. He enlarged upon the glories of the sun and its bene-fits in real old pagan style, giving to the sun a place almost equal to that of the Deity. As the agitators expect to continue their Sunday-law propaganda until they gain their object, we anticipate other op-portunities for calling the attention of the people here to the true principles of re-ligious liberty as they are involved in this question. The Brooklyn Eagle sees nothing to commend in the attempts of "Sabbata-rians" who seek by means of laws and policemen to stop the playing of ball by boys on Sunday. It says with reference to this matter : A Sunday of quiet and leisure is certainly desired by the American people, but a blue Sunday is no longer possible. There are cer-tain thousands who elect to attend church. Yet they are a small minority of the popula-tion in most American cities. It is infeasible to compel the majority to observe the practises of the minority, especially when no moral harm is alleged against the sports that on week days are encouraged by the best. Sun-day ball playing is permitted by common con-sent in our city, because enforcement of the law has no effect on church attendance. IT the boys cannot play in the fields and vacant lots they will play in the streets, where they will be in the way. They will not put on their best and march off to Sunday school. And not only will they play in the streets, if they can-not play in roomier places, but they will nour-ish unpleasant sentiments against the people who interfere with them, and who by that act  will merely harm their own cause. The boys who play on Sunday are mostly those who have been shut up in school's, shops, and factories during the week; they need the air and exer-cise; they need most of all liberation from restraint, and ball playing develops muscle, readiness, observation, courage, alertness and encourages health. To restore the Puritan Sabbath in America is impossible. The champions of Sunday enforcement profess great solicitude for the physical welfare of working people. And yet it is they, and nobody else, who seek to sup-press games and harmless open air recre-ation on the only day that the working people have for such things ; it is they, and nobody else, who seek to rob the boys and young men of the cities of the only opportunity they have for outdoor ex-ercise. This profession of solicitude for the working people in connection yvith Sunday enforcement is an out-and-out fraud, although it is no doubt true that many who give countenance and support to this fraud do not know that it is a 