EDITORIAL. 839 twenty-four was that they "violated the Liquor Tax Law by selling liquors on Sunday." The same offense was also charged against twenty others, but with it some other offense was named. The matter of Sunday enforcement was thus involved in forty-four, or more than four-fifths, of these fifty-six cases, it being entirely absent in only twelve of them. And these bulletins show that the penalty or fine for Sunday selling, even when it is the only offense, is much greater than is that for such an offense as selling to a minor, or to a person to whom the dealer has been for-bidden to sell, or selling in a no-license town. As might have been expected the re-cent decision of the Nebraska Supreme Court respecting the Bible in the public schools was very displeasing to some of the religious people of that State, and elsewhere for that matter. A number of churches in Nebraska "have protested against the decision," though what effect they expect their protests to have upon the decision we cannot imagine. "Let them protest ;" says The Independent, "they are wrong nevertheless. So Con-necticut churches protested when Con-gregationalism was disestablished." It is a pity that some American citizens can never learn that it is not the business of the state in this country to support re-ligion, not even the Christian" religion ; and it is still more a pity that people call-ing themselves Christians can never learn that Christianity does not need, and can-not have as long as it is true to itself, special favor from government. The Independent says "it is evident that President Roosevelt is not afraid of the A. P. A.'s, if there are any left,"  since "he has appointed Archbishop Ryan and Charles J. Bonaparte on the Board of Indian Commissioners, and Judge J. F. Smith, of California, a mem-ber of the Philippine Commission, and Bishop Spalding a member of the coal miners' Arbitration Board; and this after sending a commission to Rome to treat with the Pope." It is to be hoped that as between the Papacy and the A. P. A. the President will not expend all his fear-lessness upon the latter. There is vastly more likelihood that public men in this country will be afraid of the Papacy than that they will be afraid of the A. P. A. It appears that according to the census taken three years ago the number of Jews in Rumania is about 270,000, instead of nearly half a million as stated in an ar-ticle that we published last month. Word comes from Rumania that another meas-ure of discrimination and oppression against the Jews has been taken, the Dis-ciplinary Council of the Rumanian bar having published a decision that only Rumanian citizens may hereafter practise law or act as clerks of lawyers. It is said that there are many Jewish lawyers and law clerks in Rumania at present, all of whom will be disqualified by this order. A movement is on foot among clergy-men and church people in Illinois to se-cure at the coming session of the State legislature the passage of a "local option bill" which it is expected will insure "a saloonless Sunday throughout the State." Plans are being made to deluge the legis-lature with petitions soon after it con-venes, the ministerial association of Springfield having called upon "every pastor in Illinois and the secretaries of preachers meetings" to set aside Sunday, January 25, for the consideration of the matter in the churches. 