3 50 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY generally. But it all means Sunday en-forcement. In Philadelphia as elsewhere Sunday enforcement seems to be regarded as a necessary and important feature of the work of a " reform " administration. For several months past there has been un-usual activity in making arrests for Sun-day selling. On May 9 a special order was given to the police " to enforce the Sunday ' blue laws.' " Director of Pub-lic Safety Smyth is reported to have said : " It is the purpose of the administration to have the Sunday laws obeyed to the letter, and the police have been so in-structed." When " asked to define the laws and what was meant by carrying them out to the letter," he said : I mean every law that provides for the peace of Sunday. I need not recite them. The people should know what they are, and will be held to strict accountability if they violate any of them. As a result of the order mentioned there were sixty-six Sunday-law cases in Magistrate South's court on May 13. Sixty-two of these cases were those of small dealers, and " thiry-five of these little fellows were forced to pay $4 and costs each, a total of $6.50, out of which the informer collected $1. The proceeds of the day were $189, the informers get-ting $66 for their share of the plunder." Those not fined " were compelled to pay $2.50 costs." The representative of the small dealers in " the battle to keep open on Sunday " stated that " he will con-tinue the fight against the blue law." " The Pennsylvania Railroad surren-dered, and not only paid the fine, but promised to close up the cigar stand at the Broad Street Station on Sundays hereafter. The Union News Company requested a continuance in the case of its agent at the Reading Terminal, and assured the magistrate that the fines would be paid and the offense not re- peated." A report for May i8 says " the Sunday-closing edict was not so. rigidly enforced as it was a week ago." The following bill was introduced in the Minnesota legislature by RegfeseMa-tive Handlan in February. It was not approved by the judiciary committee of the upper house, and was voted down by the senate on April i8. But two days later, in " the closing hours of the ses-sion," it " was resurrected and passed with only two dissenting votes," and was. at once approved by the governor. An Act to amend section two hundred and twenty-nine (229) of chapter one (I) of title ten (to) of the General Laws of the State of Minnesota. Be it enacted by the Legislature of the State of Minnesota: Sec. 1. Section two hundred and twenty-nine (229) of the Penal Code of the State of Minnesota is hereby amended so as to read as follows: PUBLIC TRAFFIC-All manner of public sell-ing or offering for sale of any property on Sunday is prohibited, except that meals may be sold to be eaten on the premises where sold or served elsewhere by caterers; and prepared tobacco, in places other than where spirituous or malt lipuors or wines are kept or offered for sale, and fruits, confectionery, newspapers, drugs, medicines and surgical appliances may be sold in a quiet and orderly manner; pro-vided, however, that nothing in this section shall be construed to allow or permit the pub-lic sale or exposing for sale of uncooked meats, fresh or salt, or groceries, dry goods, clothing, wearing apparel of any kind, or boots or shoes. Sec. 2. This act shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage. This bill " amends " the " Public Traf-fic " section of the Sunday law by the omission of the clause, " except that ar-ticles of food may be sold and supplied at any time before ten o'clock in the morning," and by the addition of the proviso at the end. It is therefore an enactment entirely prohibiting the sale or exposing for sale on Sunday of meats, groceries, dry goods, clothing, boots and 