826 THE SENTINEL OF This was reported from Elwood, Ind., on December 11: " During the last month Constable Bravey of this town-ship has arrested and convicted seven-teen men who hunted on. Sunday, and, after deducting court costs and the money allowed the various funds, has turned over $240 to the State auditor." It was recently reported from Shelby-ville, Ind., that " the ministers, livery-men, and the undertakers of this town have gone into an odd combine." They had "agreed among themselves that there shall be no funerals on Sunday." " The ministers set up the claim that the funerals sadly interfere with church services." A dispatch from Fremont, Neb., un-Tier date of December 9, said : " The re-tail grocers of this city are consider-ably agitated over the Sunday-closing question. Several places on Main Street are open for business Sundays. No particular complaint is made of one merchant who is a Seventh-day Ad-ventist and closes on Saturday, but is open for business on Sunday. Unless all but the Adventist can be persuaded to close their doors Sundays prosecu-tions may follow." Two weeks ago we made note of the fact that at Great Falls, Mont., on November 12 a representative of the ministerial association served formal notice on the manager of the opera house that there must be no perform-ance as advertised -on the following Sunday evening. The formal notice read as follows: "We desire to call your attention to section 530, penal code of the State of Montana, and beg to inform you that we shall take every needed step to see that said law is en-forced, with its full penalities, in case a violation of said statute occurs on Sabbath evening, November 15, or any other Sabbath day." The notice was signed by six clergymen. At Galveston, Tex., on December 1, F. G. Weis, manager of the Grand Opera House, and E. B. Arnold, man- CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ager of a theatrical company, " were arraigned before Recorder Royston on two charges of violating the Sunday law, it being alleged that they produced a theatrical performance in the city of Galveston on Sunday, November 29, contrary to law." Trial of the cases was postponed until a jury could be secured. On the same day two mem-bers of the theatrical company were arraigned "on a similar charge in Jus-tice Fountaine's court," and " upon motion of the State the cases were con-tinued in order that,  the prosecution might prepare its side of the contro-versy." The Des Moines, Iowa, News of De-cember 4 reported : "J. ' S. Connolly, manager of the Mirror Theater, who was arrested Monday at the instigation of the Des Moines ministerial associa-tion on the charge of violating the Sun-day-closing law, will resist prosecution. Connolly's defense is in Article 14 of the Federal Constitution, which guar-antees to every citizen immunity from arrest without due .process of law. He will also plead that he is giving Sun-day shows in the interest of charity, and will produce receipts for money received and expended along this line. He says he has helped more Des Moines poor than all the ministers put together,' and that he will not close the Sunday benefit shows." In Philadelphia on December 4 "seven barbers were each fined $4 and costs by Magistrate Stratton for violat-ing the blue laws by shaving on Sun-day. The prosecutor was W. H. Reeves, the business agent of the barbers' union, who told the magistrate that each Sunday he spent in spying on bar-bers. Usually, he said, he found the front door closed, and, in some cases, he had to go to a side door or to the rear and peep in." "James Freidman, of 241 Lambert Street, said he was igno-rant of the law, and because it was an accommodation to some of his patrons he had kept his shop open a little while each Sunday. Mr. Freidman and two assistants were fined. Samuel Zimmer-man, 754 South Second Street, and one assistant; William Stelzer and William 