594  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY took the stand and testified that he had gone to the shop of the defendant a few days before and notified him that he would be prosecuted if he did not close on Sundays, and at the same time "read the law to him." .The attorney for the de-fendant asked that judgment be sus-pended, but this the court refused to do because of the facts testified to by the prosecuting attorney. The judge declared that there was "a deplorable condition of things in town as to places being wide operi on Sunday, and it was a matter to be ashamed of," but he did not wish to enter a criminal record against the de-fendant, and would therefore nolle pros. the case on paynient of costs. But he said that in doing so he established no prece-dent for future cases, and that his action did "not mean any license for violation of the statutes." ¥ The retail clerks and the journeymen, barbers and butchers of Jersey City, N. J., have been carrying on a Sunday-clos-ing crusade of late. The clerks' asso-ciation has issued a statement to the pub-lic appealing for its cooperation in their efforts to abolish all Sunday opening and to shorten the hours of service on week days. The public is asked to cooperate "by refraining from patronizing those dealers who refuse to give us our just rights as American citizens." The bar-bers and butchers have appealed directly to the law in their campaign for Sunday closing, one section of what is known as the "Vice and Immorality Act" afford-ing them the necessary legal leverage. On July 6 and 13 the organizations of both met at seven in the morning and sent out numerous "pickets" to watch for open shops, and "whenever they found an open shop they hunted up the nearest policeman and had the proprietor arrested." On the first date it was re- ported that "a score of boss barbers'? were arrested, and complaints were lodged against several butchers. On the following Sunday eight barbers and two butchers were arrested. Many "boss" barbers who had determined to stand out against the Sunday closing movement did business openly without drawing their curtains, by keeping their doors fastened on the inside and admitting only regular customers. At one of these shops the Sunday crusaders tried for several hours to secure an entrance, but were completely foiled. The proprietor kept his door latched on the inside, and stopped while shaving customers to smile through his window at the baffled "pickets" and the policemen with them, who seemed to rather enjoy the affair and who did not dare to enter the shop forcibly without a warrant. The cru-saders vowed that they would have a warrant for the arrest of that barber on the following morning. An effort was made by the journeymen barbers' union to get the chief of police to order the Sunday closing of the barber shops, but without success. What promises to be quite a vigorous Sunday-enforcement campaign has been launched at Chillicothe, Ohio. On Sun-day afternoon, July 6, "a mass-meeting of citizens," growing out of a previous meeting of representatives of the various churches at which "ways and means of curbing the tendency of some clasSes of citizens to violate the Sunday laws" had been discussed, was held in Memorial Hall, and a strong sentiment for "enforcing the law and keeping the Sabbath as a day of rest" was manifested. Although it was hoped to make it "a representative meeting of all the churches, Protestant and Catholic, and of all citizens who believe in the rule of 