498 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. should maintain relations of filial respect, submission and obedience to the legitimate ecclesiastical au-thority for a great confederation of Catholic socie-ties, such relations become infinitely more impor-tant and necessary. I hope, therefore, that as the movement progresses and the Catholic societies grow strong in union they will ever remember that before numbers and before union the great source of Catholic strength is an ecclesiastical authority.' " The Object of the Proposed Federation. Notice that this Catholic federation is to be formed to " protect" and " promote " Catholic ,in-terests, and that this is "for the welfare, both of religion and of the civil society." Readers of THE SENTINEL may remember that for a dozen years or more past, the National Reform Association and di-ned Protestant organizations have been almost con-tinually before Congress with a scheme to " protect " and " promote " the observance of Sunday for the welfare both of religion and of the civil society, as they deem it. These Protestant organizations have for years been moving toward a position of political power and authority, with a view of exer-cising this power finally for the realization of their vision of the purification of politics and the estab-lishment of righteous government. And now what else could be expected than that Rome, seeing all this, should imitate the example set here and also organize for the protection and welfare " of religion and of the civil society" ? Protestants have deemed their organization necessary to the welfare of civil society, and now, behold, the Catholics deem their organization to be necessary to the same end. And who can say that the Catholics have not as much icense to think the welfare of civil society depends on their united political action, as Protestants have to think the like thing of themselves ? And who can say that the welfare of civil society will be more promoted by Protestant church activity in politics than by Catholic activity in the same sphere ? Protestants Should Have Foreseen It. The truth is that Protestants should have foreseenŁ , that their efforts to get Congress to legislate for the " protection " of Sunday and the " promotion " of the general interests of morality and Christianity, as they view them, would simply and inevitably re-sult in drawing Catholics into the same field and adding another point to the rivalry between the Protestant and Catholic bodies. Protestants have  put into the hands of Rome a cue and excuse for which she has long been seeking. This Catholic federation has an endorsement which secures it against all opposition from Catho-lic sources, and a prospective strength which shows that politicians will not dare to ignore it. We quote again from the Sun: Has High Endorsement. "Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishop Ryan of Phila-delphia, Archbishop Elder of Cincinnati, and many other members of the Catholic hierarchy have warmly endorsed the project. " It has been decided to keep up the agitation for a Catholic federation for some time yet and then hold a national congress to perfect a permanent or-ganization. This congress may be held in this city. Catholic societies with a membership of 6o0,000 have already announced their intention to enter the federation. The objects of the federation have been officially announced as follows: "'To work for the general welfare of Catholic in-terests apart from the special object of each society Šleaving each society with its own constitution, language, government, and officers, but establishing a central board for the purpose of better carrying out the principles advocated ; to vindicate the rights of Catholic citizens ; to support the Catholic press and diffuse Catholic principles and protest against all measures antagonizing them.'" Will Hold the Balance of Power. We are informed, in conclusion, that " the federa-tion will not be a Catholic political party, nor wilt it be affiliated with any political party." No, in-deed! All it will do politically will be simply to boss all the parties by holding the balance of power between them, just as is done by the papacy in Ger-many, for example. The federation will not con-stitute a political party, but it will secure from the political parties what it demands for the advance-ment of Catholic interests in the United States. This move on the part of the Catholics will al-most certainly result in the formation of a Protestant counter-organization, and thus both Protestants and. Catholics will be drawn into the vortex of politics, and religious controversies will be more and more transfered to the political arena; and all this will be against Protestantism and in favor of Rome; against republican government and in favor of despotism;: against the new order of things represented by the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution and in conformity with the old order of things from 