828 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY also passed upon the same law in those cities, and each holds the same opinion as does Judge Irwin." This opinion is a good one, but not from the stand-point of the Sunday law. The Sunday law is intended to prohibit and prevent everything that is inconsistent with the religious observance of the day, regard- less of whether the public peace is dis-turbed or not. But of course the law, on Sunday as at other times, should not interfere with people unless the public peace is being actually disturbed. And of course a theatical performance is no more of a disturbance of the peace than is a church service. When does the ``Sab-When Does It bath" which has as-Commence? sumed to itself the guardianship and support of the civil law begin and end ? What is the exact period of time that it covers? This is by no means as well settled as may be supposed, or as it should be in view of the fact that people are required under penalty to observe it. The point was suggested by an arrest for "Sab-bath-breaking" in Melbourne, Aus-tralia, a short time ago. An account of the incident, together with a considera-tion of the point suggested, appeared in the Australian Signs of the Times: A lad was recently arraigned in the police court in Melbourne on the infor-mation of a constable charging that "he did deal on Sunday by sell-ing newspapers in Bourke Street." The evidence disclosed the fact that the lad, in company with another boy, was selling newspapers at ten minutes past twelve on Sunday morning, to which the defendant offered no denial. The magistrate, after questioning the lad a few moments regarding his rea-sons for violating the law, remarked, "You cannot sell papers on Sunday," to which the defendant replied, "It was Saturday night." "What! Saturday night ?" replied the magistrate. "No, after Saturday night," interjected the constable ; and he then called the atten-tion of the bench to the fact that news--paper boys were to be found selling papers in the streets until one and two o'clock in the morning. The remarks of the magistrate upon hearing this ex-planation are worth reflecting upon. He said : "Oh, absurd 1 This is cutting it very fine. I thought it was in the daytime. It's very trivial." After  making these few comments he dis-missed the case. There is, however, a principle involved in this incident which might be worth considering. Rigid Sunday-kepers would say the constable was quite right, for in the cause of Sunday sacredness all business, work and pleasure must cease at mid-night, and as it was already ten minutes past the hour which ushered in Sunday, therefore the constable was right to prosecute those who were carrying on trade of any kind. But it is a de-batable question at what hour Sunday begins. In English civil law Sunday is reckoned from midnight to midnight and therefore as a civil institution we may conclude that Sunday begins at midnight. But as a rest-day, appointed by the church, according to canon law it should be observed from vespers to vespers. In Scotland, in the reign of King William, A. D. 1203, it was en-acted that "Saturday from twelve noon ought to be accounted holy," and "that at the tolling of a bell the people were to be employed in holy actions, going to sermons, and the like, and to continue thus until Monday morning," a penalty being laid on those who did contrary. In 1214, during the reign of Alexander III, King of the Scots, it was enacted "that none should fish in any waters from Saturday after evening prayer till sunrise on Monday." In England labor was forbidden "from 3 p. m., on Saturday until sunrise on Monday." In France millers were for-bidden "to grind their corn from Sat-urday evening till Sunday evening." In the reign of Charles II a law was placed on the English statute book which may be regarded as the foundation of all Sunday laws in England and her de-pendencies. It enacted "that no arti-ficer, workman, laborer, or other per-son whatsoever, shall do or exercise any 