58 THE SENTINEL OF C HRISTIAN LIBERTY certain evils which you say are " pro-tected by official favor," and certain others that are "known to everybody, including the police." How could any or all of these ministers accomplish anything in this line under the present regime? If any preacher of promi-nence in Philadelphia were to urge the men of his church and congregation to oppose with his ballot a political ma-chine sufficiently corrupt to warrant such charges as those made by yoh, he would at once be condemned as "get-ting out of his sphere," and, no doubt, influences would soon be brought to bear upon him that would make it "ad-visable" to listen for a call from an-other field of labor. It is entirely within the sphere of these "good men," however, to use every honorable means to 'see that the youth of our city, on their way to worship God, as His law demands, should not be taught that these laws are not binding upon the proprietor of a peanut stand as well as upon the boys of a mission Sunday school. Possibly these boys and girls can understand why God demands obedience and homage from one and not from another ; but for the life of me I cannot see that God demands my service and worship any more than He does that of the Italian fruit vender, or the ward politician who runs a cigar store in his front room and a speak-easy in the one adjoining. I think it was in the Bible, though it may have been in some political platform, that I read, " God is no respecter of persons." The Committee of Fifty are attempt-ing what is within their jurisdiction and power, and should have the com-mendation and support of the press and public. Let the press show similar wisdom. Let them endeavor to con-vince our legislators that "the blue laws of 1794" are obsolete, because of their antiquity, and secure the passage of laws in harmony with our greatly advanced civilization. Until they are able to do this, let them not condemn our honored mayor for enforcing such laws as we have, but, rather, let them thank God, and congratulate themselves that Philadelphia has a mayor who, in this respect, is endeavoring to keep his oath of office. As is customary with the Sunday-enforcement clergymen, Mr. Nellis ar- gued in beautiful disregard of the fact that "obedience and homage" to God is not a thing to be exacted by the state. Most certainly God does not de-mand the service and worship of Mr. Nellis "any more than He ddes that of the Italian fruit vender," but that affords no warrant whatever for Mr. Nellis's easy assumption that he and others have the right to compel the Italian fruit vender to render service and worship to God. Were it not that the fact is .before us, it would seem in-credible that anybody of intelligence could openly and unashamed avow such an assumption at this late day. A fit accompaniment of Mr. Nellis's com- munication was one from "Merciful," from which we quote : It wounds my spirit to see in your paper so much opposition to the Sunday blue laws, and in the letters a disposi-tion to abuse those who favor and work for them, as if they were working for their own personal advantage. It is self-evident that they are working for the Lord, and for a better observance Ł of the Lord's Day; and men with the wide information of the editors of the Public Ledger surely know that history proves that one day of rest from worldly work and the day given to re-freshing the spirit promotes physical health and better morals ; and that workmen's tools hold a better quality by resting one day in seven. Without a doubt there are eternal laws of righteousness, independent of God; but He alone first perceives them; His com-mands harmonize with them, and are intended for our education and happi-ness. If God now as Supreme -Ruler should tell us that lying and stealing would meet with His approval, we could scarcely "worship Him in spirit and in truth;" but, glory to His holy name, our God is unchangeably righteous. I think it would be wise and kind for the papers to plead with the children and men to buy their candies and to- . 