THE SUNDAY-LAW QUESTION IN FLORIDA AGAIN 327 in seven, but leaving it to him to select the day, could not be enforced." The idea that seems to be uppermost here is not that of securing to " each man " an opportunity to rest, of protecting him in the right to rest, but the enforcement of a rest day upon " each man," regardless of his individual needs and wishes. Phys-ical rest is necessarily an individual mat-ter, and it is a matter that may well be left to individual control. We are told that " the fierceness of competition would compel all men to work all the time if some power did not step in and provide a day of rest," and that organized labor is not sufficiently awake to the fact that the law [ Sunday law] gives it a six-day week," since " as large a proportion of those who declaim against a legal day of rest are found in the ranks of labor as in any other walk of life." It is further declared that in " prescribing " a day of rest " the law is protecting human rights and prolonging human life " ; that " it is interfering with liberty mainly as it interferes with the liberty of one man to injure and oppress another," and that " laws are devised to interfere with liberty to just this extent." As we have already stated, the acts that are prohibited by the Sunday law are not encroachments upon the rights of others. The reasoning which makes them out to be such is not reasoning which is entitled to consideration in the enactment and en-forcement of laws. The idea that in prohibiting honest and useful labor and industry and harmless and recreative sports and amusements a statute " is pro-tecting human rights and prolonging hu-man life," presents too subtle and intricate a question for legislators to wrestle with. The idea that the liberty interfered with by a la* making the prohibitions de-scribed is " the liberty of one man to op-press another " is sheer assumption ; and therefore the sound principle that the law may and should interfere with the liberty  of one man to injure and oppress another affords no justification whatever for Sunday legislation. If the first statement quoted in the preceding paragraph be true, why is it that " the fierceness of competition " does not indeed " compel all men to work all the time " that they are not prohibited from working? How is it that menŠall menŠhave eight, ten, twelve, four-teen or sixteen hours of freedom from labor in every twenty-four? They are not compelled by law to thus cease from labor. If a weekly rest day is indeed the " human necessity " that is pretended by those interested in maintaining Sunday legislation, it can be depended upon with absolute certainty that no legislation is needed in order to preserve it from de-struction by " the fierceness of competi-tion," of which entirely too much is made in this connection. A human necessity is stronger than any competition, no matter how fierce it may be, and people do not need to be compelled to do what the ne-cessities of their nature require them to do. If.it is true that one day of rest each week is a human necessity, then the idea that " the fierceness of competition " would destroy the custom of weekly rest if the law did not " protect " and " main-tain " it is a bugbear ; and, on the other hand, if it is true that " the fierceness of competition " would destroy the weekly rest day if the law did not " protect " and " maintain " it, then the idea that it is a human necessity is a very mistaken one. Much more might be said with regard to these " physical rest " and other ar-guments in behalf of Sunday legislation and enforcement, but the fact is that these arguments are irrelevant. Neither the Sunday statute of Florida nor that of any other State is a law for providing physical rest and protecting human rights. " The intent of the lawmaker is the law," and the history and in most cases the text of the Sunday statutes leave 