Sunday Games I N New York State there are some old blue laws that make the playing of any game on Sunday a crime. Busy-bodies spend their Sundays during the summer searching for evidence against boys who play ball on vacant lots. They drive them from the open air into pool-rooms, saloons, gambling dens, and other questionable places. You will find them hiding in cellars and in dark corners, playing craps and indulging in other de-generating practises. Playing ball on Sunday may be an evil in the eyes of those who hold Sunday sacred to rest, but under such circumstances they must admit that it is the least of a great number of evils. A recent decision of one of the city magistrates of New York, in reference to this law that prohibits all games on Sun-day, is to be commended. He states that when the law was passed against Sunday games of all kinds, even traveling was prohibited, fishing was a crime, and all amusements which to-day pass unnoticed were prohibited. Boys and young men who are cooped up in the city the other six days of the week will find some way to pass their time on Sunday, and any active health-giving game should be encouraged rather than discouraged. Activity of some kind is really as necessary as food to young men and growing boys. It is admitted that food should be supplied on Sunday, and that the labor necessary to its preparation is not sinful. If this admission is made, then any other natural and legitimate ac-tivity should also be recognized as a harm-less necessity. The surplus energies of young people must find some vent. In  an interesting game this desire for activity is completely satisfied and in a wholesome manner. If you drive the boys from the open fields into the dark alleys and close rooms of their homes, you create condi-tions that result in untold evils. All the Catholic clergymen of New York have most emphatically endorsed the decision of the magistrate who refused to consider the playing of baseball a crime. The Rev. Dr. Wm. S. Rainsford, rector of St. George's Church (Episco-pal), also strongly supports the magis-trate's decision, and referring to it made the following comments : I have been and am in favor of permitting the playing of baseball in open spaces in New York City on Sundays. I am opposed to professional games on Sunday. Our city boys want all the open air and exercise they can get. One of the surest ways to stop drinking and loafing on Sundays is to encourage boys and men to play games. Church people opposing Sunday games in New York make, I think, a grave mistake. The Lord commended the man who led his ox to water on the Sabbath. Boys want exercise as much as cattle want water. The appetite cries out for food on Sun-day just as it does on other days; human energies cry out for employment. One is just as important as the other. In fact, if you satisfy the desire for food, it is far more necessary that the desire for activity also be satisfied. We gorge, we eat to excess on Sunday. It is the red-letter day for big dinners, washed down with ice water or coffee, or soaked with wines and liquors. The logic and principles that would condone the labor that induces this excess and deprecates ball playing must be very attenuated indeed. Some one writes to the Minneapolis Journal that " this baseball playing on Sundays is growing from bad to worse," and asks : " Is this Christian America ? shall this ' home of the brave and land of Editorial in Physical Culture for July. the free' perish from the earth by lawless-ness and sin? " He prays that " God may help us and give us the wisdom and the manliness and the courage, especially those in authority, to stand up for the sanctity of the home, the law, the Sab-bath." 