76  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY That deadly spell was partially broken in the sixteenth century. Men were no longer content to doubt and suffer in silence ; they arose, and in a new-born strength begotten of God, who in His time bursts the captive's yoke, pro-claimed soul-liberty. The spirit of lib-erty pervaded all nations. It crossed the ocean, and in the wilds of the American wilderness built a state, the national motto of which, "A new order of things," suggested freedom from both civil and ecclesiastical tyranny. For a time liber-ty became the watchword of the world; kings pretended to embrace it, or fell before it ; popes were imprisoned, or fled from their capital as fugitives, and lib-erty everywhere seemed like a trium-phant conqueror. But again a change has come. Lib-erty is like the sea, which has its ebbing and its flowing time; its spring and its neap tides. Men still rave of liberty, philosophers describe her, poets sing her praises, statesmen descant upon her in legislative halls, and the church holds her as an idealÑbut her face is turned from us. She is a beautiful, but a fading ¥ dream. How else can we account for the fact that in Europe kings are be-coming more supreme and constitutions are little regarded ; that the war-lord has become greater than the statesman ; that the Papacy is slowly but steadily re-gaining her lost ground in all the so-called Protestant countries of Europe; that two of the greatest and most power-ful nations of the world, in which civil freedom has in the past attained to the greatest fulness recorded in history, are cruelly smothering the cry for liberty on the part of weaker peoples ; and that in this country, the home of religious free-dom, the churches, which form the greatest motive power in all affairs, are  deliberately planning to enact laws which will abridge personal liberty in those things which relate to man in his individual relations to God? The churches declare their intention of uniting so that they can be one church under one head, and so gain the control of the nation and dictate its laws. A re-ligious journal compares the leading Protestant churches to the fingers of a man's hand, but as the open hand does not bring what the churches desire, it says : "What is needed is the compact-ing of fingers and thumb into a solid fist wielded by the controlling purpose of a single brain, and then something will drop, and drop hard." What does this plan outline but a new Papacy? Surely something will then drop, and that something will be relig-ious liberty. It may be said by some one, in extenuation of this utterance, that this proposed union, by which every-thing opposing is to be crushed, is only for the promotion of morality in civil things. But the pages of history are elo-quent of the fact that when a great re-ligious organization sets itself to work to carry certain ends it has very poor sense of discrimination in regard to what things are religious and what are civil ; or, in other words, from its standpoint there is no dividing line. By a subtle alchemy of church policy religious things are transformed into civil, and civil things into religious. It was so when Rome persecuted. All her cruel, religious exactions were transformed into civil requirements. She shook her "fist of righteousness," through the civil power, at those who refused her dogmas. Protestants, departing from the sim-plicity of their earlier days, are follow-ing her example. They are "compact- 