62 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY and not hinder, the execution of the laws of the Commonwealth. If it were not for our Christian Sabbath, and its influence, our city would not be the de-sirable city of homes it now is. Can-not we do something to make it still better, and not lawless ? When it comes to the Sunday "law" the advocates of Sunday enforcement are always very deeply impressed with the importance of "the execution of the laws," and that any failure in that respect is "lawless." The difficulty is that the "law" for which they are so exceedingly jealous is itself lawless, and principles and maxims which are excellent with regard to lawful laws are all awry when applied to the Sun- day "law." That law and its enforce- ment are lawless, and therefore can only deter instead of aiding in making a community or an official "not law-less." It is certain that in this whole Philadelphia Sunday-law agitation there have been brought to light no more lawless violators of the Sunday law than the very men who have been employed in the despicable work of its enforcement. Frank Thompson, another correspondent, wrote : Who are these men who lower man-hood and self-respect by engaging peo-ple with unknown places of residence to spy on another to find guilt ? Are they so holy themselves? Are they noted for good deeds? Did they ever read in the Bible a parable about the Pharisee and the publican? If this as-sociation of Sunday "reformers" is composed of good, true, noble and worthy men, why waste their valuable time in crushing the widows, the lame and blind for selling a cent's worth of goods on Sunday when there are larger evils? . . . A person keeping goods he knows are stolen is as bad as the thief. It that holds good in law, so does this: A person buying goods on Sunday is as bad as the person who sold, and should receive the same punishment. And a person who buys goods with the  idea of convicting the person who sold should receive the severest punishment that can be given him. Keep up your editorials! Write them more to the point. Call on the association of "reformers" to state publicly the good and noble deeds they' have ever done. Have them tell of the hearts they have made to rejoice, the people whom they have made to love them, and to cry out in joy over the re-ligion they represent. Let them drop these unrighteous dealers who sell a .cent's worth of goods on the Lord's Day (not on their day, but the Lord's), and let them visit the clubs and other places where souls are lost, money squandered, bad habits contracted, and use their holy office of bringing these people before their magistrate. If they do it themselves Š and not by spies ŠI shall believe they are sincere in their work. In the following J. E. Patman ad-vances an idea with regard to the Sun- day-enforcement agitators that is very fitting indeed : Bigotry has cost more bloodshed than all else combined. We know that the dear old Puritans used to burn witches. We can excuse them Š they lived in a different age. But when a twentieth-century citizen tries to tell us we should do so and so on Sunday, I have no sympathy for him. He, should have been born 200 years ago. Some people are born before their time Š others after their time. God pity those who are born after Š they'll never catch up. The Sunday-enforcement agitators, if we are to determine by their atti- tude in this matter, have most certainly been born out of their time. To have been at home, they should have been born several hundred years ago. It is very evident that some of them will never "catch up" with the times in which they live. They are too thor-oughly imbued, in this matter of Sun-day enforcement, with the spirit and idea which makes the state the instru- 