EDITORIAL  581 fine of $50. The other cases were continued to Saturday morning. In addition to what is given above the same deception and falsehood was prac-tised upon Mr. Welch to get him to go to his store and  something as had been practised upon other merchants at other times. The man who came for him declared that his wife was sick, that company had unexpectedly arrived, and he was therefore badly in need of the ar-ticles desired ! Such deception and false-hood, however, is consistent with the cause in which it is employed. The moral level of the legal and enforced "Sabbath" scarcely rises above that point, and whatever the pretensions that may be made for it, like all things it will sooner or later seek and reach its proper level. " National Reform " and the Washington Sunday Agitation While ostensibly the retail clerks, butchers and grocers were the originators and leaders in the recent agitation for Sunday legislation for the District of Columbia, it is not at all unlikely that the "National Reform" forces, the ancient and inveterate champions of such legisla-tion, were really at the bottom of it and chiefly interested in it. As nearly as can be discovered the agitation had its begin-ning at certain meetings in April of the Presbyterian ministers of the city, at which meetings Mr. Samuel Gompers, of the Federation of Labor, was present. Now it is a fact that a certain wing of Presbyterianism in this country is prac-tically identical with "National Reform," and there is no section of Presbyterian-ism that does not sanction it in some de-gree. This church-and-state propa-ganda that has been before the country with its "God-in the-Constitution," "Sab-bath" legislation, and other specious and  fallacious reforms for so long, seems to have had its principal backing in the vari-ous Presbyterian bodies, but it must be said, in justice to the rest, chiefly,  from one of the most narrow and conservative. So the fact that this agitation began at meetings of Presbyterian ministers tends strongly to connect it with the "National Reform" element, whose lobby in Washington has for some time gone under the name of the "International Re-form Bureau." Very shortly after the Sunday bills had been introduced in Congress there ap-peared in a number of religious papers throughout the country an article on the subject, which in each paper purported to be a Washington letter "from our regu-lar correspondent," and which bore every eviuence of having emanated from the office of the above bureau. The article was condensed in some papers, but in every paper in which it was published en-tire it was exactly the same. In this article the proposed Sunday legislation was described, and it was declared that "the National Reform Bureau is doing its best to get the bill passed, and there are strong hopes of success." An attempt was made to show that the legislation was badly needed, and to answer some of the objections that had been urged against it. The principal reason given for its enactment was that a law closing "all places of business on Sunday," causing "every industry" to come "to a full stop," and preventing "the Sunday trade in flowers, candies, soda-water, and the early open hours of groceries and other places of domestic supply," would "make the National Capital the ideal Sunday city of the country"Ñ"would make Washington a model Sabbath city and a good example to the rest of the country." And of course this was an object dear to the heart of "National Reform," for it would hasten that consummation for 