84 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Canada for not observing Sunday. Why is it that these clergymen take account only of the conscientious convictions of Sunday observers ? Are not the con-scientious convictions of other people entitled to equal consideration? An Absurd Proposition ONE of the principal arguments put forward in support of Sunday laws is that they are necessary in order that the workingman may be free to rest on Sun-day. In other words, they are necessary in order that the workingman may have more liberty. It is said that the " right of rest for one requires a law of rest for all " ; and by this it is meant that the right of one person to rest on Sunday demands a law compelling rest on the part of all. In this way men are to be made " free " to enjoy the right to rest ! This is not the freedom that working-men or any other class of men need. It is not real freedom at all. Rights are to be secured to people, not thrust forcibly upon them. A right is of no value to an individual when separated from personal freedom in the matter of its exercise. To attempt to force an individual to ex-ercise a right which he does not choose to exercise is to make the right a curse to him instead of a blessing. Every person has the right to rest on the first day of the week, but not every person wishes to exercise that right in practise. Many prefer to exercise some other right that is just as great and fun-damental. A large number believe that another day is the proper day for the weekly rest, and that such rest on the first day is wholly improper. A still larger class believe in spending the day in any manner that may suit their tastes, whether it be working, or resting, or _seeking amusement and pleasure. To enforce Sunday rest upon these  classes is not to secure them in a right, but is to prevent them from exercising rights. It is an invasion, not an estab-lishment, of their rightful liberty. And what is true of these classes is true of all classes, for the rights of all are the same. The right to rest on Sun-day is included in and necessarily rests upon the general right to do upon any day anything that is not an invasion of the liberty and rights of others. To pre-vent a person from working on Sunday, or from spending the day in other ways that are just as consistent with the rights of others as is the use of the day for rest, is to deny his fundamental right to use the day as he chooses, and is therefore to deny him the choice, and therefore the right, of resting on Sunday. When a person is compelled to rest he no longer has the right to rest. And so, whether they are conscious of the fact or not, enforced Sunday rest is just as much of an invasion of the rights of those who rest on Sunday as it is of the rights of the classes we have men-tioned, who prefer to exercise their right to the use of the day in other ways that are just as legitimate and just as con-sistent with equal rights and liberty for all as is resting. Thus the assertion that " the right of rest for one requires a law of rest for all," is self-contradictory, since it is equivalent not only to saying that " the right of rest for one " denies the right of rest for an-other, but that " the right of rest for one " denies the right of rest for all. Such a proposition is, of course, an utter absurd-ity. And yet, as we have stated, this proposition is one of the principal argu-ments that is put forward to-day in behalf of Sunday legislation. L. A. S. Ł It was reported recently from Belle-fonte, Pa., that the clergymen of that place, " encouraged by their success " in a Sunday-enforcement campaign, had A Ł ti 