Yhe 0000 Ell' Of OffRUSTI4H LUDIERID° Voi.. XVIII WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1903. No. 41     New York's Sunday Legislation Š His- the excellent review torical of New York's Sun- day law now being published in The Sentinel a brief glance at the history of New York's Sunday legislation will be of interest. It seems that from the earliest days of the Dutch colonists the observance of the Lord's Day was recognized and protected by law." From " O'Callaghan's Laws and Ordinances of New Netherlands, from 1638 to 1674," we learn that in 1641 an ordinance was passed by the Council of New Netherlands " prohibit- Łing the sale of beer and ether strong drink during hours of divine service." In 1647 Director-General Petrus Stuy-vesant published an ordinance against selling liquors on Sundays before cer-tain hours or on any day after nine o'clock in the evening, travelers and daily boarders alone excepted, under penalty of fine and forfeiture of license. An ordinance of 1648 " renewed and amplified former ordinances for the ob-servance of the Sabbath, and forbade during divine service all tapping, fish-ing, hunting, and other customary avocations, trading and business." It seems that back in the days of the Dutch colonists the Sunday laws, at least with regard to liquor selling, were not as " blue " as they are to-day, for they applied only during the time of " divine service," or during certain hours of the day. An ordinance of 1656 forbade " on the Lord's Day of  rest by us called Sunday " any ordi-nary labor such as plowing, sowing, mowing, building, hunting, fishing, or " any other work which may be lawful on other days," under penalty of one pound Flemish. The next year. an  or-dinance was passed which provided that no person, " of whatever Rank or Nation he may be," should entertain company, sell liquor, perform any la-bor, transact business, or go on pleas-ure parties, on Sundays, or " during divine service." In 1663 the Director-General and Council, " in view of the fact that previous ordinances had been misconstrued as applying only to one half of the Sabath," passed an ordi-nance declaring that the Sunday laws applied to the entire day from the ris-ing to the going down of the sun, and adding numerous specific prohibitions with severe penalties. It is stated, however, that the Court of New Am-sterdam objected to this ordinance on the ground that " many of its provi-sions are too severe and too much in opposition to the freedom of Holland." And yet it did not confiscate as much of the time of the people as does the Sunday legislation of to-day. In 1664, the colony having come under the con-trol of the English, it was provided in the " Duke of Yorke's Book of Laws," " that every person affronting or dis-turbing any congregation on the Lord's Day should be punished," and that " Sundays are not to be profaned by travelers, laborers, or vicious persons." In connection with 