522  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY would release our troops by the thou-sands, and would advance civilization in the islands faster than it can ever be got-ten forward on a powder-cart." On pages 28 and 29 of the official re-port of the Northwest Kansas Confer-ence of the Methodist Episcopal Church, held at Osborne, Kans., April 2-6, and presided over by Bishop W. F. Mallalieu, we note the following resolution regard-ing "Sabbath observance," which was adopted by the conference : Whereas, The Sabbath day is being dese-crated by persons engaging in various forms of amusement, such as ball games, horse-racing, general visiting, picnics, railroad excursions, and many other things detrimental to the cause of Christ and to the work of the church; es-pecially the Seventh-day Advent doctrine ; therefore Resolved, That we, as a body of loyal minis-ters 'of the gospel, do enter our earnest pro-test against such practises. The reference to "Seventh-day Advent doctrine" is scarcely intelligible, but we suppose it is meant that the doctrine of seventh-day observance is fruitful of Sabbath desecration even beyond the other things named, and that the practise of that doctrine is the especial thing against which "we, as a body of loyal ministers of the gospel, do enter our earnest protest." Do the Methodist min-isters of Northwest Kansas want it un-derstood that they are opposed to the doctrine of the Fourth Commandment and the practise of its observance, and that they regard such doctrine and prac-tise as more "detrimental to the cause of Christ" than Sunday ball games, horse-.racing, railroad excursions, etc? If they do not, they should not be passing and publishing such resolutions as the above. However confident they may be of their loyalty to the gospel, it is to be seriously questioned when it resolves itself into opposition to the teaching and observance  of one of the Ten Commandments, the fulfilling, or keeping, of which is the sole object of the gospel. A correspondent writes to the Boston Traveller that he has followed "all the arguments put forward by the Sunday fanatics, and have gone out of my way to hear Rev. Mr. Kneeland, but I have not yet discovered why such men should dic-tate to those who are their equals moral-ly and their superiors intellectually." His communication closes with these pertinent words : While Mr. Kneeland and his salaried preacher friends are gadding around during the week, or are planting their gardens, or are beautifying their homes, or are playing golf, myself and a large majority are confined in offices and factories. Yet only a few weeks ago these selfish men caused the arrest and had fined a man (who was obliged to work hard all the week) for fussing around a little garden. As I said in a previous letter, there is not a single argument in favor of a Puri-tanical Sunday that has not been answered. The people should wake up and insist upon having unfair laws repealed. They exist only because liberal minded people have more of the spirit of the holden Rule than the bigots. It is the expectation of The Independ-ent with reference to the, negotiations by the American Government with the Vati-can "that the purposes sought will be accomplished to the advantage even more of the Church than of the civil govern-ment of the Philippine Islands." It will not be strange if this expectation is real-ized, but why such should he the case we do not know. At a recent monthly meeting the Baptist ministers of Trenton, N. J., passed resolutions "approving the action of the Coachmen's Union in its efforts to do away with Sunday funerals," and "pledged themselves to give the move-ment their support." 