THE GIBSON "LORD'S DAY" TRIAL  685 and Oscar L. Shafter, were judges, one in Vermont and the other in California. .I learned when young to respect magistrates, but I deny the right of a civil magistrate to enforce a law against transgression of the Lord's day, to which I plead not guilty. The State has failed to 'prove that the de-fendant disturbed the public peace, or that he infringed on the equal rights of his neighbors. Therefore, the defense claims that there is no cause for action; that there is nothing which can of right come within the jurisdiction of a civil magistrate. The summons accuses the defendant of performing labor and work on the "Lord's Day." Therefore, it is an ecclesi-astical matter, and this trial, like that of 1894, must necessarily be of an ecclesiastical nature, and this court, in trying the case, must have, or assume to have, as back there, an ecclesiasti-cal character of some sort. I challenge the State to prove that the third day of August was the Lord's day. The stat-ute is silent as to what day is the Lord's day, and nowhere does it intimate that that day would fall on the third day of August. Even if the third day of August was the Lord's day, the defendant would be accountable alone to his God, to the Lord Himself, as to how he observed it or failed to observe it. Eight years ago in this court we learned from Mark 2: 27, 28Ñ"The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath: Therefore, the Son of Man is Lord also of the Sabbath"Ñfrom the words of the Lord Himself, who the Lord of the Lord's day is, and what day is the Lord's day. We learned.  from Luke 23:  54-56; and 24: 1, that the day of the crucifixion was the day of preparation for the Sabbath day. "And the Sabbath drew on," and "they returned and prepared spices and ointments, and rested the Sabbath day according to the command- ment." Then "upon the first day of the week," the next day after the Sabbath, they came to the sepulchre. Jesus is Lord of the Sabbath day, according to the first scripture that I quo-ted, because "all things were made by Him, and without Him was not anything made that was made." The Bill of Rights of this State declares truly that God is "the great Creator and Preserver of the Universe." But God crea-ted all things and preserves all things by and through His Son, Christ Jesus (Col. 1: 15-17), who is therefore truly the Lord of the Sabbath day, the Author of the Lord's day. The scriptures quoted show that those who fol-lowed Jesus and belived on Him rested ac-cording to the commandment which says, "Six ¥  days shalt thou labor and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Thus the Lord's day is defined in the Lord's book as the seventh day. And He by whom the great Creator and Preserver of the universe created all things, and by whom He spake His law, in the work of redemption did not depart in this matter from the ex-ample which He had set in creation. In re-demption He finished His work on the sixth day as in creation. On the Sabbath He rested in the grave, not as Creator, but as a criminal condemned by Roman authority, as a, sacri-fice not only for the sins of the defendant, but for, the sins of the whole world. According to the Scriptures, He arose on the first day of the week, the first working day of the week, the first memorial day of His creative power, the day on which the defendant claims the right to labor and work. And he follows the example of his Creator in this in order that he may be a better citizen and neighbor. That work done 'on the third day of August was to improve the property so there would be a possibility, first, to pay off obligations, in ac-cordance with the injunction to "owe no man anything," and, second, that the defendant might be able to bestow charity. The defendant claims that he has the divine right of dissent in this matter of observing the Lord's day, and in all religious matters. The very same question that -has been discussed here relative to obeying magistrates, was raised by the Pharisees who persecuted the humble Man of Calvary. The defendant does not claim to be persecuted here, and he feels that he is unworthy to be likened in any way unto his Lord. But he feels that the principle that the Lord taught applies in this case. The enemies of Jesus went about seeking to get hold of something by which He might be con-demned to death. They brought him a penny, and asked, "Is it lawful to give tribute to Caesar or not," thinking "to catch Him in His words." Hear the answer : "Whose is this image and superscription?" And they answered, "Caesar's." Listen to His words: "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." In other words, render to the government and magistrates of the Com-monwealth of Massachusetts, who are eager to use their powers in having all citizens of the State impartially dealt with, the things that belong to the Commonwealth of Massa- chusetts ; and render unto God, not to the Commonwealth, the things that belong alone 