PUBLISHERS' PAGE  597 3amtilaail.  causTilmf Logrignr PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COFIPANY, II WEST 20TH ST., NEW YORK CITY. TER?IS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per year  $1.00 six months   .5o  " three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year   1.25 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year   .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, o-by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In ca.e of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Let all whose subscriptions expire with the August number see to it that their renewals are sent in promptly. Future issues will be too important to miss. We would appreciate the favor if each one would try to send in another subscription with their renewal. Read our special offer on another page. The remaining numbers of,  1902 will be mailed to anyone not now a subscriber for 25 cents. This is an excellent opportunity to do mis-sionary work among your friends; not only by sending THE SENTINEL to them, but by inducing them to subscribe for themselves. There will be found four coupons in. connec-tion with the announcement. Let every sub-scriber make an earnest endeavor to see that the four in his or her SENTINEL are used. The Life Boat, Chicago, reports that their anti-cigarette number was the means of ac-complishing much good; that many who have been slaves of tobacco for years have written them to know how they can secure deliver-ance from the bondage of this habit. They now. intend to have the August num- ber deal almost exclusively with the Tem-perance question. Contributions have been received from prominent temperance workers, and this issue promises to be as strong for temperance as the June number was against the tobacco evil. One hundred copies, one and one-half cents each ; smaller quantities, two cents each. Order of The Life Boat, 28 33rd Place, Chi-cago, Ills. An old-time subscriber in renewing says: "Find enclosed $1 to renew my subscription to THE SENTINEL. I have taken the paper ever since it was published, and cannot part with it now. It is worth its weight in gold." LIVE RATIONALLY Stop taking drugs and patented poisons. They will not cure you. They never have. If so. why don't you stay cured ? It is a positive fact that thousands of peo-ple go annually to their graves, victims of the dosing habit. Are you to be one of them ? Stop and think. Investigate the newer and saner method of curing disease. The method by which you will stay cured. The way to gain and retain robust, rugged health. Study the needs of your body. Free your system of its accumulation of poisonous waste matter, by ejectment and elimination through the skin and excretory organs. The Battle Creek Hot Air and Medicated Vapor Baths alone Can Do this Write at once for a free booklet on Health and Hy-giene. Address BATTLE CREEK BATH CABINET CO., 297 Champion St , BATTLE CREEK, MICH., U. S. A. 