294 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY " rights " of " the Church " in the Philip-pines that was waged by papal organs and representatives in the United States last year was proving effective with those in authority. In substantiation of this it is only necessary to call attention to a later appointment and to give certain quotations bearing upon it and the mat-ter of the Government's policy with re-gard to " the Church " question in the Philippines. A very important quota-tion, and one that describes this later appointment, is this from an editorial which appeared in The Independent of February 5 (italics supplied by us) : The meaning of the nomination of the Hon. John T. McDonough, of Albany, to be Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philip-pine Islands is not difficult to discover. He is a lawyer of fair repute, was Secretary of State for New York when Mr. Roosevelt was governor, and was reelected in i9oo. But that is not all his qualification. He is a native of Ireland, and was educated in a Catholic college. The Philippines are Catholic, and it was thought wise to put a Catholic into this office, especially as the decision of the question of Church property will come before that court. The Philippine Catholics are divided over the matter, the Church orders claiming the prop-erty, while the Catholic people claim it for themselves, as they erected the buildings. De-cision either way by a court presided over by an American Catholic would excite less criti-cism. It is well that the President has made such a choice. This, coming as it does from a period-ical which assumes to speak with author-ity in such matters, and which has no reason for misrepresenting the Govern-ment, but which on the contrary desires to have everything that the Government does in the matter considered to be all right, would seem to be sufficient to con-firm what we have said. Here we have it declared with astonishing plainness and frankness that the President has ap-pointed a man to be Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippine Islands because he is a Roman Catholic, because he " was educated in a Catholic college."  That is "his qualification," as it " is not difficult to discover," we are informed. And " it was thought wise to put a Catholic into this office [of the Chief Justiceship of the Supreme Court of the Philippines]," because " the Philippines, are Catholic," and because " the decision of.  the question of Church property will.  come before that court," and because de-cision " by a court presided over .by an American Catholic would excite less criticism [by Roman Catholics in the United States] " ! Now does anybody have any doubt that the clamorous cam-paign in behalf of the " rights " of " the Church " in the Philippines that has been waged by Roman Catholics in the United States is proving and has proved effec-tive with the high authorities of the American government? To the above quotation may be added some to the same effect from Catholic sources. The Catholic Standard and Times (Philadelphia), which has been one of the most rabid organs in the cam-paign to which we have referred, re-garded the announcement of Mr. Mc-Donough's appointment as " an agreeable piece of news for all who sincerely desire the welfare and pacification of that dis-tracted and victimized country [the Phil-ippines]," and among other things said: Mr. McDonough is one of the most promi-nent men in his profession, and his Catholic standing is no less high. It is creditable to the President's sense of justice, as well as to his acumen, that he is able to comprehend the desirability, if not the necessity, of removing the anomaly of a bench manned entirely by non-Catholics ruling the interests of an en-tirely Catholic people. Had the same consid-eration and foresight prevailed at the outset of the American occupation, much trouble that has arisen might have been avoided. But it is never too late to mend. Of course the people of the Philippines are not " entirely Catholic " and the bench of the Philippine Supreme Court has not been " manned entirely by non-Catholics." It was the vacancy caused 