346 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY been at least some degree of freedom of choice in detemining one's occupation, however much that freedom has been curtailed by actual economic conditions. But with the settling of industrial proc-esses comes more and more constraint. The dream of the children of the farms to escape from their drudgery by mi-grating to the city, and from the step-ping stone of a clerkly place at $3 a week to rise to affluence, will be given over, and they will follow the footsteps of their fathers. A like fixity of condi-tion will be observed in the cities, and the sons of clerks and of mechanics and of day laborers will tend to accept their environment of birth and training and abide by it. It is a phenomenon observ-able in all countries where the economic presssure is severe, and it is certain to obtain in feudal America. The sub-tenants and the small-unit producers and distributers will be con- Ł fined within smaller and smaller limits, while the foremen, the superintendents and the entrepreneurs of the workshops will attain to greater gower and recom-pense. But the chief glory of the new regime, next to that of the nobles, will be that of the class of courtiers and court-agents. Theirs, in a sense, will be the most important function in the stateŠ"to justify the ways of God [and the no-bility] to man." Two divisions of the courtier class, however, will find life rather a burdensome travail. They are the judges and the politicians. Holding their places at once by popular election and by the grace of the barons, they will be fated to a constant see-saw of conflict-ing obligations. They must, in some measure, satisfy the demands of the mul-titude, and yet, on the other hand, they must obey the commands from above. The outlines of the present state loom but feebly through the intricate network of the new system. The nobles will have  attained to complete power, and the mo-tive and operation of government will have become simply the registering and administering of their collective will. And yet the state will continue very much as now, just as the form and name of the Roman Republic continued under Augustus. The present state machinery is admirably adapted for the subtle and extra-legal exertion of power by an au-tocracy ; and while improvements to that end might unquestionably be made, the barons will hesitate to take action which will needlessly arouse popular suspicions. From petty constable to Supreme Court Justice the officials will understand, or be made to understand, the golden mean of their duties ; and except for an occasional rascally Jacobin, whom it may for a time be difficult to suppress, they will be faith-ful and obey. The manorial courts, with powers ex-ercised by the local lords, will not, as a rule, be restored. Probably the "court baron," for determining tenantry and wage questions, will be revived. It may even come as a natural outgrowth of the present conciliation boards, with a suc-cessor of the Committee of Thirty-six as a sort of general court baron for the na-tion. But the "court leet," the manorial institution for punishing misdemeanors, wherein the baron holds his powers by special grant from the central authority of the state, we shall never know again. It is far simpler and will be less disturb-ing to the popular mind to leave in ex-istence the present courts so long as the baron can dictate the general policy of justice. Armed force will, of course, be em-ployed to overawe the discontented and to quiet unnecessary turbulence. Unlike the armed forces of the old, feudalism, the nominal control will be that of the state ; the soldiery will be regular and not irregular. . . . The militia of 