IMPORTANT .TESTIMONY ON AN IMPORTANT MATTER 551  hemisphere, we will fight and prevent them, and at the same time we think it dishonorable to declare whether we will ever overthrow the independence of a weaker nation in another hemisphere? ¥ There never was a time when, if we had declared that we only were there to keep faith with Spain, that we only were there to restore order, that we only were there to see that no friends of ours should suffer at the hands of any enemy of ours, that the war would not have ended at that moment. You are fighting for sovereignty. You are fighting for the principle of eternal dominion over that people, and that is the only question at issue in this con- flict. . . . You undertook in the treaty [with Spain] to acquire sovereign-ty over the Philippine Islands for your-self, which that people denied. You de-clared not only in the treaty, but in many public utterances in this chamber and elsewhere, that you had a right to buy sovereignty with money, or to treat it as the spoils of war or the booty of bat-tle. The moment you made that declara-tion the Filipino people gave you notice that they regarded it as a declaration of war. . . . The President sent Out an order to take forcible possession, by military power, of those islands. . . So you deliberately made up the issue for a fight for dominion on one side and a fight for liberty on the other. Professor Goldwin Smith, of Toronto, in Treatise entitled "Commonwealth or Empire: A Bystander's View of the Question," recently published by the Macmillan Company In the last Presidential election issues were mixed. The .verdict consequently was uncertain. Which issue was para-mount was a question greatly debated among Americans. . . . But let the paramount issue for Americans be what it might, for the world at large it was and is that between the Commonwealth and Empire. Shall the American Repub-lic be what is has hitherto been, follow its own destiny, and do what it can to fulfil the special hopes which humanity has founded on it; or shall it slide into an imitation of European imperialism, and be drawn, with the military powers of Europe, into a career of conquest and domination over subject races, with the political liabilities which such a career entails ? This was and is the main issue for humanity. Seldom has a nation been brought so distinctly as the American nation now is to the parting of the ways. Never has a nation's choice been more important to mankind. The adoption of imperialism by Ameri-cans can hardly fail to carry with it a fundamental change in the moral foun-dations of their own commonwealth. Other polities, such as that of England, may be based on constitutional tradition. That of the United States is based on es-tablished and almost consecrated princi-ples. The Declaration of Independence, it is true, was a creation of the eighteenth century ; its abstract doctrine of human equality belongs to the political philos-ophy of that era. But it has living force when it says, as in effect it does, that man shall not exercise lordship over man. When the people of the United States, after recognizing Filipinos as their allies, bought them with their land of Spain, as they would buy the contents of a cattle ranch or a sheepfold, and proceeded to shoot them down for refusing to be de-livered to the purchaser, they surely broke away from the principles on which their own polity is built, and. compro- 