670 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY that I must say that I have as yet scarcely touched upon what is indeed and in truth religious liberty ; and I can only suggest it now. In the last analysis religioas liberty is not simply freedom of choice, but it is freedom of choice and then choice of the right, choice to continue to be free to choose. It is not simply freedom to choose to serve God or not to serve Him, but it is freedom to choose, and then to choose to serve Him and to serve Him. In its highest sense religious liberty is in-ward, spiritual freedom ; and this free-dom is possessed only by him who is in harmony with the Author of his being, with the Author of all liberty. So we have the noble endowment of freedom of choice in order that integ-rity and righteousness of character may be developed ; in order that we may be free indeed ; but, if we choose, we may make of this very thing, glorious as it is, the means of terrible, and even hope-less bondage. God has done all that He can, but He has to leave it to us to determine whether we shall have freedom or bondage. This was the thought in the mind of the poet Whittier when he wrote these lines : Though God be good and free be heaven, No force divine can love compel ; And, though the song of sins forgiven May sound through lowest hell, The sweet persuasion of His voice Respects thy sanctity of will. He giveth day : thou hast thy choice To walk in darkness still. No word of doom may shut thee out, No wind of wrath may downward whirl, No swords of fire keep watch about The open gates of pearl ; A tenderer light than moon or sun, Ł Than song of earth a sweeter hymn, May shine and sound forever on, And thou be deaf and dim. Forever round the Mercy-seat The guiding lights of Love do burn ; But what if, habit-bound, thy feet Shall lack the will to turn? What if thine eye refuse to see, Thine ear of Heaven's free welcome fail, And thou a willing captive be, Thyself thy own dark jail? " Obedience to God the Way of Life In conclusion I wish to emphasize, or rather I can again only imperfectly suggest, something as to the real na-ture of the service of God, of obedience to His law. We say that God's laws are not arbitrary requirements; but do we enter into the depth of the mean-ing of that? God's laws are not merely the wise, good, beneficent requirements of a great, beneficent being. They are the way of life, the conditions of exist-ence ; not arbitrarily imposed condi-tions, but conditions which exist in the very nature of things, conditions that are as unalterable and un-changeable as God Himself, for they spring from God as He is. And so we read : " The commandment is a lamp;  and the law is light : and reproofs of instruction are the way of life." "lie that layeth hold upon them tindeth life; he that forgetteth them wrongeth his own soul; all they that hate them love death." " Take fast hold of instruc-tion ; let her not go ; keep her ; for she is thy life." When God asks us to obey His laws He asks us to come into harmony with our real selves, to con-form to the conditions of our existence, to live and not dic. " Why will ye die ?" is His appeal to the sinner. He says He has "no pleasure in the death of the wicked, but that the wicked turn from his way and live." If life can become something else than life, then may the conditions of life be changed; if joy, if love, if har-mony, if liberty may become something 