7fh ° Swan0 OF effEISTLUI ESEZET7 Vol- XVII I NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 1903 NO. 26,     In a sympathetic editorial on the action of the Presbyterian General Assembly with regard to " Sabbath observance " the Salt Lake City News says " the most potent answer to the attacks of the preachers on the Sunday paper is that the greatest part of the work is done be-fore the Sabbath." The fact that this answer is a potent one proves that it is not the Sunday paper itself, but " the Sabbath," with which the preachers who condemn the Sunday paper so strongly are concerned. If the paper that is issued on Sunday were issued on any other day than " the Sabbath " they would not be heard condemning it. In the same edi-torial it is stated that " in fighting against the desecration of the Sabbath the clergymen are combatting a national evil." This may be true, hut it is a national evil that can be remedied only by individual reform, and that cannot be brought about by " law and its enforce-ment." Whatever may be said as to ifs being a mere matter of securing physical rest, it is certain that in the popular mind cessation from labor and business on Sunday is closely associated with relig-ion and worship. The Madison (Wis.) Journal exclaims, "Thank heaven for the closing of the barber shops on Sunday," and says : " It is to be hoped the knights of the razor and tonsorial artists will find time to attend church now; some of them  need a little of the saving grace vouch-safed to mankind." How naturally does Sunday closing suggest church attend-ance. Of the same significance, though evidently not intended to be taken as seriously, is this statement credited to a member of the Madison barbers' union : " I for one am in favor of beginning the era of Sunday closing by attending one of the local houses of worship in a body to show that the spirit was right that prompted the action." Why should it be thought that attendance at a house of worship by its promoters would show that a Sunday-closing movement was prompted by the right motive ?ŠBecause it is felt that the right motive for Sunday closing is a religious motive; because it is felt that Sunday closing is net a secular matter. This semi-instinctive feeling, which is given unconscious expression so often by even those advocates of Sun-day closing who profess and appear to have no religious motive in the matter, throws a great deal more light upon the real nature of Sunday closing than do the reiterated "release-from-toil" and "phys-ical-rest " arguments and declarations. In THE SENTINEL of April 9 was given a brief report of the case of Mr. J. L. Hansen, a Seventh-day Adventist living near Wataskiwin, Alberta, Canada, who had been arrested and fined in a justice's court for working on Sunday, but on appeal to a higher court had been 