THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY 8oi  and steadily held the pinnacle of absolute and irresponsible worldly power, she pro-ceeded to take the next logical stepŠto gnaw her own vitals and tear herself to pieces. The chamberlain of Pope Urban left the castle of St. Angelo and the cause of Urban, and came to the cardi-nals at Anagni, bringing the jewels and ornaments of the pope. One of the car-dinals that stood by Urban died, leaving only three; while at Anagni there were thirteen against him, and at Avignon, six. Urban had announced that he was going to create nine new cardinals; but, all at once, he created twenty-six, which was more than there were already, all put together. This action estranged those who had stood by him, and united against him the whole numberŠtwenty-twoŠof the original cardinals ; and now this college of the twenty-two original cardinals proceeded without delay to elect another pope, Robert of Geneva, who took the papal name of Clement VII. (Sept. 20, 1378, to Sept. 16, 1394). THE TWO-HEADED PAPACY "The qualifications which, according to his partial biographer, recommended the cardinal of Geneva, were rather those of a successor to John Hawkwood or to a duke 'of Milan, than of the apostles. Extraordinary activity of body and en-durance of fatigue; courage which would hazard his life to put down the intrusive pope ; sagacity, and experience in the temporal affairs of the Church ; high birth, through which he was allied with most of the royal and princely houses of Europe : of austerity, devotion, learning, holiness, charity, not a word."ŠMilman. It thus came about that there were two popes elected by the same identical car-dinals. There was therefore spread through Christendom the question as to which pope was really at the head of the Church. Consequently the whole of  Christendom was divided. Urban was recognized as lawful pope by Germany, Hungary, England, Poland, Bohemia, Denmark, Sweden, Prussia, Norway, Holland, Tuscany, Lombardy, and the duchy of Milan. The king of France assembled a council, and asked that they decide in favor of the one whose election was the least scandalous. On that issue the council unanimously voted in favor of Clerrient. Then France recognized Clem-ent, in which she was joined by Lorraine, Savoy, Scotland, Navarre, Aragon and Castile, Sicily, and the islands of Rhodes and Cyprus. Thus at the head of the two parts of divided Christendom stood these two rabid and determined popes. They were both men "from whom profound devo-tional feeling could not but turn away abashed and confused. . . . Acts of most revolting cruelty to his own parti-sans showed Urban to be a type of that craft, treachery, and utter inhumanity which were hereafter to attaint the bad Italian popes. He might almost seem to confirm the charge of madness. On the other hand, the highest praise of Clement was that he was a sagacious and experi-enced politician, a valiant captain of a free company."ŠMilman. Each promptly issued a bull denounc-ing the other as "antichrist." THE PAPACY SPREADS ANARCHY AND DES-OLATION THROUGHOUT CHRISTENDOM As a natural consequence "a bitter war then commenced between the two popes. Anathemas, interdicts, depositions, and maledictions were the prelude to the bloody strife which was soon to over-whelm the Western nations. Urban launched a bull against his competitor, and cited him to appear before the court of Rome to be judged and condemn&l as antipope. Clement, on his side, fulmi-nated a terrible decree against his enemy, 