SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT. 47 bath," which they deem to be threatened by the attitude of the recently elected mayor and district attorney toward the laws prohibiting the opening of saloons on Sunday. It is said that the spirit of the Sunday closing movement, now in full swing in that city, has struck the drug-gists of Carbondale, Pa., and that a plan is on foot among them "whereby all but one drug store will close on Sundays hereafter." "The druggists will take their turns in remaining open on the Sabbath." The Ligonier (Ind.) Banner says : "Clyde Pollock, a Warsaw nimrod, was fined $io and costs, amounting to $40.35, last Friday for hunting on Sunday. Saturday morning his companion, Har-ley Cretcher, had a similar experience. His fine and costs were $41.20. We should think a few more cases of this kind would discourage Sunday hunting." The Logansport (Ind.) Journal re-ports that the game wardens in that part of the State are determined to enforce the law against Sunday hunting. Two boys and a man were recently convicted on this charge in a justice's court at that place. The man was fined $40.50. One of the boys gave security for his fine and was released, but the other was held to serve out his fine at the rate of a dollar a day. The Baltimore Herald reports that "some of the residents of Catonsville, adjacent to the Country Club's golf-course and tennis courts, have invoked the law to restrain the members from playing golf and tennis on Sunday. From the tenor of the complaints it ap- pears that while golf in itself is an inno-cent amusement, there is a strong objec-tion to Sunday golf. State's Attorney Grason has been appealed to, but Mr. Grason said that he could find nothing in the laws which could be construed as prohibiting the playing of either of these games on the Sabbath." A dispatch from Washington under date of October 28 says : "Six news agents were arrested to-day for selling Sunday papers, and gave bail for a hearing. On the arrival of the papers yesterday officers made an attempt to stop the sales, and a riot was almost precipitated when a news-boy was taken in custody. The action of the Police Committee of Council, which inaugu-rated the crusade, is meeting with much adverse criticism from all quarters. Some of the Pittsburg publishers threaten to deprive the town of the papers if the authorities persist in mak-ing arrests of their agents." The Philadelphia Public Ledger pub-lishes this item which shows that the forces of Sunday enforcement are active in that city : "At the monthly meeting of the Philadelphia Sabbath Association yesterday Dr. T. T. Mutchler, the secretary, reported that during the last month (October) the barbers had se-cured evidence against and had arrested ioo barbers who had worked on Sun-day, in violation of the law. These, with few exceptions, were convicted and fined $4 and costs each. He also re-ported that the Milk Exchange was taking action to have all milk wagons off the street by 11 o'clock on Sunday morning, and that the Grocers' Ex-change had appointed a committee to take action looking to the closing of all 