20 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY methods in its behalf. As will be noticed elsewhere, Dr. M. D. Kneeland, of the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Protec-tive (Enforcement) League, reiterated such charges at the late convention of the Wisconsin Rest Day Association. We may say right here that the addresses de-livered on this occasion by Dr. Kneeland were two stereotyped addresses that he has been delivering at every opportunity for some time past, and that one of them seems to have been enlivened only by making more prominent and reckless the silly charge against "the Saturday Sab-bath-keepers." We cannot do better here than to quote a portion of the very fitting comment made by the Sabbath Recorder ( Seventh-day Baptist) : The main value of the incident is to show how much men like Mr. Kneeland fear the influence of the plain truth that the seventh day of the week is the only Sabbath, and to what unfairness and injustice that fear (and hatred ?) impels them. Logically and histori-cally those who reject the Sabbath and pro-claim that the Fourth Commandment and the example of Christ in keeping the Sabbath are of no account, have created a prominent source of unfaith in the Bible, and of the Godless holidayism which prevails. Such a position teaches people to doubt the Bible as authority, since its friends thus set aside its plain teach-ings and substitute the Roman Catholic doc-trine of church authority, or some less definite theory, as their ground for so doing. Whoever discards the Decalogue and ignores the ex-ample and teachings of Christ, as Mr. Knee-land does, promotes infidelity. Mr. Kneeland's false charges are another illustration of the general law that when men have created evil results by their own theories and actions they are likely to charge those re-sults to those whose adherence to the truth they reject exposes their wrong-doing and in-consistency. Truth can wait. Whether Mr. Kneeland can afford to misrepresent the posi-tion and character of Sabbath-keepers, we leave him to decide. That he fears the influence of the truth they teach there is abundant evi-dence. The employment of misrepresentation in its behalf, as does the employment of force, only serves to show the real nature of the Sunday cause. If it were sup-ported by truth its champions would not only not have to resort to misrepresenta-tion, but they would be able to get along without the support of the law, for which they now so persistently clamor. But force can never make up for the absence of truth, and because it cannot there will always be resort to other equally futile expedients by the champions of Sunday enforcement. Tke Protest Against the Election of "Apostle" Smoot THE Ministerial Alliance of Salt Lake City recently adopted resolutions strongly protesting against the election to the .United States Senate of " Apostle " Reed Smoot, one of the " twelve apostles " of the Mormon Church. It is declared that the effort to elect Mr. Smoot is " an en-deavor to force upon the citizens of Utah a union of church and state," and that his election to the Senate would be equiv-alent to " the election of the will of the Mormon first presidency and twelve apostles to that body," and " would be a menace to our civilized and religious beliefs." A copy of these resolutions was to be sent to every ministerial alliance of prominence in the country, to Presi-dent Roosevelt, and " to every senator and representative, and others prominent in political life." It may be that there is a sort of union of church and state in this matter of sending " Apostle " Smoot to the Senate, but one cannot but wish that those who are so quick to see it and denounce it were equally alive to the same thing in other directions. Even if it be true that the Mormon Church and its adherents are endeavoring to send Mr. Smoot to the Senate for the purpose of having " the will of the Mormon first presidency and twelve apostles " exerted in that body, it 