512  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY But it will make interesting reading even then. ! That was a very significant editorial which appeared in The Independent of May 22, headed "The Signs of the Times." It is declared that there is in the world "a general feeling of appre-hension" that "is day by day growing more ominous." Men are asking, it is said, if the peace of the present is "a portentous stillness before the dead rush of the hurricane ?" if the prosperity of the present is "the storing up of titanic and demoniac forces which will presently explode like steam in the bowels of Pelee ?" This widespread, fear and appre-hension is declared to be a greater sign of the times than the things which give rise to it. This is true. "And there shall be signs . . .; upon the earth짜distress of nations, with perplexity; . . . men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth. . . . And then shall they see the Son of Man coming in a cloud with power and great glory." 짜 Just a few months ago. after a meet-ing of prominent representatives of cap-ital and labor, and the appointment of a National Arbitration Board, it was an-nounced that industrial war was prac-tically at an end, and that all difficulties would be adjusted peaceably hereafter. Yet the country is now in the midst of labor troubles such as it has scarcely ever known before. The coal strike has been in progress nearly two months, and al-though now as extensive as any strike ever before in that industry, promises to reach even greater proportions. Rioting is reported frequently from the mining regions. In Pawtucket, R. I., a strike of street-railway employees was attended by such rioting that State troops had to be called to the scene, and one person  was killed and a number wounded. And later at Paterson, New Jersey, a strike of silk workers, led by anarchists, produced a desperate situation for 3 day or two. Several persons were killed, and troops had to be sent to the city to restore order. And on June 22 in Toronto there was such rioting by street-car strikers that the authorities summoned the militia. 짜 A correspondent of the Catholic Standard and Times, writing from Ma-nila, under date of May zo, on "The Philippine School Scandal," declares among many other things that "at least ninety per cent. of all the teachers in the Philippines are Protestants," and that "they are here to proselytize." He says that "not a single Catholic teacher is em-ployed in the Normal School of Manila," and that no Catholic student who has ever graduated from this school "has re-mained a Catholic." He prays that the friars "will remain in these islands," and says that "as soon as the American Gov-ernment becomes aware that Rome does not intend to allow bigotry to dictate its policy in the Philippines, this howl against the friars will gradually dimin-ish." The Federation of Catholic Socie-ties in this country has begun to agitate this matter, and at a meeting in Newark, N. J., on June 15, resolutions were adopted calling upon the President toin-vestigate the public school system in the Philippines,짜 which, it was declared, was being conducted in such a manner as to place the Government in the position of opposing Roman Catholicism. Conspicuous among the scarcely more than two hundred persons privileged to witness the brief ceremony of the trans-fer of the Cuban government from the American military authorities to the rep-resentatives of the Cuban people, which took place in the reception room of the 