RELIGIOUS LIBERTY: ITS SCOPE AND FOUNDATION 661 it is exercised by the most obdurate of unbelievers for the purpose, perhaps, of blaspheming God; since there is no difference between that social, civil lib-erty by which a man is free to be the most earnest and devoted of Christians and another is equally free to be the most earnest and positive of atheists, it cannot be that there is that distinc-tion between religious liberty in its or-dinary sense and liberty in other direc-tions that is assumed in the idea to which I have called attention. So far as it relates to the sphere in which civil government operates that idea assumes something and rests upon something that does not exist. I do not undertake to define the latitude that a Christian has to "stand up for his rights," to say to what extent he can consistenly do so ; but I do say that if he yields them at one point he cannot consist-ently refuse to yield them at another, and if he refuses to yield them at one point he cannot consistently yield them at another. He cannot say, I will take joyfully and without protest the spoil-ing of my goods, the trampling upon my rights, the denial of my liberty, if it be done without reference to relig-ion, but if religion is in any way in-volved in it, then I appeal unto Caesar. If unprotesting submission to injustice is proper in the one case, so is it in the other ; and if appeal unto Caesar is proper in the one case, so is it in the other. If it were otherwise, then some of our doctrines concerning relig-ious liberty would need radical revision, for it would be true after all that relig-ion is entitled to the special favor and protection of government. The idea to which I have called attention logi-cally leads to the position, if it is not, in fact itself that position, that an in-dividual has a special right, a right that is entitled to the special protection of government, to do an act that is  connected with religion and worship that he does not have to do an act that is not connected with religion and wor-ship ; that, for instance, there is a spe-cial, higher and more sacred right to assemble for worship than to assemble for some other purpose. But this is only to get back to the old ideas and doctrines that are the enemies of relig-ious liberty, and from which it has de-livered us. So when friends of religious liberty lay such great stress and emphasis upon that phase of human rights which has to do with religion and worship, and at the same time insist that human rights in other directions shall be looked at in an entirely different way and counted as of small consequence and value, they are, at least it seems so to me, but undermining the very thing they wish to uphold, for religious lib-erty in its ordinary sense is but civil, social liberty, and if civil, social liberty is to be surrendered in some directions without protest, then what is termed religious liberty must likewise be sur-rendered without protest. A person has no right, and certainly not a cham-pion of religious liberty, to expect that its religious character shall give to any act, to any right, a special standing before the laW. And so it is not strange that the de-mand for religious liberty, or perhaps it would be more accurate toŁ say, for greater liberty of worship than had hitherto been enjoyed, which came with and followed the great Reformation of the sixteenth century, was the begin-ning of that movement for greater. so-cial and political liberty which has been the great distinguishing feature of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. It is not strange that the assertion of the right of freedom of worship Š the right to be free from the interference of gov-ernment in the profession and practise 