544  THE SENTINEL. OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ocrats as well as othersÑare you really willing that the Declaration shall thus be frittered away ?Ñthus left no more at most than an interesting memorial of the dead past ?Ñthus shorn of its vitality and practical value, and left without the germ or even the suggestion of the individual rights of man in it ? At Chicago, Ill., July 1o, 1858. Now it happens that we meet together once every year, sometime about the Fourth of July, for some reason or other. These Fourth of July gatherings, I suppose, have their uses. If you will indulge me, I will state what I suppose to be some of them. We are now a mighty nation ; we are thirty, or about thirty, millions of peo-ple, and we own and inhabit one-fifteenth part of the dry land of the whole earth. We run our memory back over the pages of history for about eighty-two years, and we discover that we were then a very small people in point of numbers, vastly inferior to what we are now, with a vast-ly less extent of country, with vastly less of everything we deem desirable among men ; we look upon the change as ex-ceedingly advantageous to us and to our posterity, and we fix upon something that happened away back as in some way or other being connected with this rise and prosperity. We find a race of men living in that day whom we claim as our fathers and grandfathers; they were iron men ; they fought for the principle that they were contending for ; and we understood that by what they then did it has followed that the degree of prosper-ity which we now enjoy has come to us. We hold this annual celebration to re-mind ourselves of all the good done in this process of time, of how it was done and who did it, and how we are historic-ally connected with it ; and we go from these meetings in better humor with our-selves, we feel more attached the one to  the other, and more firmly bound to the country we inhabit. In every way we are better men in the age and race and country in which we live, for these cele-brations. But after we have done all this we have not yet reached the whole. There is something else connected with it. We haveÑbesides these men descended by blood from our ancestorsÑamong us, perhaps half our people, who are not descendants at all of these men; they are men who have come from EuropeÑGer-man, Irish, French, ScandinavianÑmen that have come from Europe themselves, or whose ancestors have come hither and settled here, finding themselves our equals in all things. If they look back through this history to trace their con-nection with those days by blood, they find they have none, they can-not carry themselves back into that glorious epoch and make themselves feel that they are part of us; but when they look through that old Decla-ration of Independence, they find that those old men say that "we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal;" and then they feel that that moral sentiment, taught in that day, evidences their relation to those men, that it is the father of all moral principle in them, and they have a right to claim it as though they were blood of the blood, and flesh of the flesh, of the men who wrote that Declaration [loud and long-continued applause] ; and so they are. That is the electric cord in that Dec-laration that links the hearts of patriotic and liberty-loving men together; that will link those patriotic hearts as long as the love of freedom exists in the minds of men throughout the world. [Ap-plause.] Now, sirs, for the purpose of squaring things with this idea . . . that the Declaration of Independence did not 