814  THE SENTINEL OF On November 29 V. Scalco, an Italian fruit and vegetable dealer of Birming-ham, Ala., "opened his store for the purpose of selling a customer a mess of greens." Two days later he was tried "for keeping his store open on Sun-day," and was fined $25 ! The judge declared "that this practise [of Sun-day selling] is perniciously pursued by some Italians in the city," and "must be broken up," and "stated positively that the fine hereafter would be $50, and that no exception would be made in a single case." And he "gave the officers instructions to watch the merchants closely on Sundays, and bring all guilty of the offense before him. Lieutenant Hagood will make this a special business, and will station men in citizen's clothes to put an end to the Sunday traffic." At "a large meeting held at the Pres-byterian church" in Hutchinson, Kan., on the evening of November 23, this resolution was adopted : "Resolved, That it is the opinion of this mass-meeting that the Sunday law of the State should be enforced in our city, and we ask that the officials in power shall do their duty, and we wish to assert that public sentiment is in favor of law enforcement." A committee was appointed "to present the resolu-tion to the officers." At the meeting "a number of merchants made short speeches, all of them of course in favor of closing, as it wasn't the time for anybody else to make speeches." "There is a law of the State and an ordinance of the city providing for the closing of business houses on Sunday, and it is the object of this agitation to have these laws respected." While a matinee performance was in progress at the Grand Opera House in Galveston, Tex., on November 29 the manager of the opera house and the manager of the troupe were arrested " for violation of the Sunday law" on warrants sworn out by the county at-torney. They were taken to police headquarters and required to furnish "excellent bonds" for their appear-ance the next day. Notwithstanding the arrests the performance advertised  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY for the evening was given, "whereupon County Attorney Wheller swore out warrants and caused the arrest of the two leading members of the playing troupe for violation of the Sunday law." Two weeks before a matinee performance on Sunday had been stop-ped by "twenty policemen who made their way down the aisle to the stage just as the curtain was about to rise." "The disappointed pleasure seekers in many cases refused to budge, and only by force were some removed to the box office, where their money was re-funded." Judge Gillispie of the crimi-nal district court has recently "or-dered that theatres be closed on Sun-days, and that the law be rigidly en-forced." t To the record of the Philadelphia Sunday-enforcement crusade given last week may be added the following: On May 18 before Magistrate South thirty-six warrants "were sworn out by Geo. S. Vail against Sunday-law violators." Two days later all were arraigned, and "fines were paid in each case without argument." On June 4 "eleven bar-bers were fined $6.50 each by Magis-trate Stratton for having kept their shops open on Sunday." On June 8. "at the instance of a representative of the Northwestern Business Men's Pro-tective Association," warrants were is-sued "for the arrest of the proprietors and managers" of three different stands of the Union News Company and of four prominent restaurants "on the charge of having violated the Sunday law of 1794 in having sold cigars" on the previous Sunday. Members of this organization stated at the time "that the Philadelphia Sabbath Association in making its weekly arrests of breakers of this law has always totally ignored the large dealers and persecuted the small ones," and that their organiza-tion was "determined that unless all cigar dealers are permitted to remain open on Sunday none of them shall be." Four of these persons were fined $4 and costs each in Magistrate South's court on June 10. At the same time "twenty-two other violators of the Sun-day laws paid fines of $2.50 each." Two persons whose names were called that 