390 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of most of the Sunday papers are ",as imbecile as can be devised outside an asy-lum for the feeble-minded," is not much of an exaggeration, and it certainly should " give one a heavy heart to think of a generation of Americans brought up on such pabulum " as is supplied by these " idiotic supplements " and other portions of the Sunday papers. But we hardly think it is true that " to hundreds of thousands of children these things are literature and life." But even if it is so, there is no sense in fighting the Sunday paper on the line laid down by the reso-lutions adopted by the Presbyterian As-sembly. As long as it is attacked in that way such responses as the above will be a sufficient reply and defense. If the Sunday newspaper is an evil it is such because of the character of its matter and not because it is a Sunday paper. Not the day of its publication but the nature of its contents is what determines its character, and if it is to be attacked it should be attacked for what it is, and not on the irrelevant ground that it tends " to secularize the Christian Sabbath " and "prevents untold thousands from attend-ing divine services on the Lord's day." If the Sunday paper is a demoralizing force because of the character of its mat-ter it is not only stupid but wicked to oppose it in this latter fashion, for it is equivalent to saying that it would be all right if it was issued on any other day of the week than Sunday. Another Roman Catholic ecclesiastic has joined Archbishop Quigley in pub-licly proclaiming. that the triumph of Catholicism in this country, and by means of that in the world at large, is assured. At a banquet of the Maynooth Alumni Association in Chicago on May 27 "Rev. Father " Morgan 4Sheedy, of Altoona, Pa., was reported to have said among other things : The future religion of this land lies in the  Catholic Church. It is now generally admitted that within a short time the United States will control the material world. It can be no less certain that the Catholic Church will direct the religious world. The remarks of " Father " Sheedy " were cheered by the members of the association, who are priests and graduates of Maynooth College in Ireland, and other speakers seconded them in their speeches." We have noticed in one prom-' inent Catholic journal a denial that Arch-bishop Quigley made such utterances as were attributed to him. We have seen no denial, however, from any other source. Whether this denial was prompted by the consideration which M. Gohier tells us influenced a leading Catholic prel-ate in this country to counsel prudence and forbearance last summer as the proper course for "-the Church" in the Philippine matterŠ" lest public appre-hensions should be aroused by a revela-tion of the power of the Catholic com-munity now solid and formidable in the heart of the American nation "Šwe do not know. It is sufficient to say that it will require more than this denial to con-vince any one that the archbishop did not say substantially what he has been re-ported all over the country to have said. It would seem that the archbishop need not have waited until he saw " the West-ern parochial schools " and the state of affairs in Chicago before coming to the conclusion that the future will bring the triumph of Catholicism in this country. We have been told that at the farewell services in his honor held in the Catholic cathedral in Buffalo on March 2 " all classes and creeds were' represented to join in a fervent God-speed on his way to the Chicago archbishopric." In addition to the hundreds of priests of the Catholic Church, the members of the Methodist Ministers' Association were present in a body at the pontifical mass, and many representative clergymen of the other denomi- 