THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY 279 it may be possible that this gentleman may not be confessedly a member of the Catholic Church, it is certain that no man could ever be " for many years an active teacher in the great Catholic Uni-versity at Washington," or any other Catholic university or school, who is not to all intents and purposes an accepted Roman Catholic. Nor did the recognition of the Catholic Church end with this. Two assistants were appointed for the recorder, and one of these was a professor of political econ-omy in the Catholic University at Wash-ington. Now when such a matter, the first one of its kind that has come to the notice of the national government, in being suc-cessfully carried through, must be so largely, almost predominantly, connected with the Catholic Church ; and when this first instance of the kind will be the basis and precedent of all the many similar crises into which the nation will be plungedŠwhen thus affairs stand at the very first, how shall things be expected to stand at the last? For as certain as the management of this strike was suc-cessful in involving the national govern-ment, it is as certain as anything can be that when the other general strikes shall occur the management will see to it that the national government shall be involved also in those. Look at the situation exactly as it is in the circumstances that have already oc-curred. The record is that " nearly all " of the miners are " adherents of the Cath, olic Church." These adherents of the Catholic Church form one party to the controversy. In the tribunal of arbitra-tion for the settlement of that controversy, the Catholic Church must be largely, if not predominantly, recognized. What is this then, but, in essence and in large measure, simply the Catholic Church settling as arbitrator the difficulty created  by herself as one of the parties to the controversy? It is not only true, as recorded, that " nearly all the miners " are " adherents of the Catholic Church," but it is equally true that nearly all, if not actually all, of the organizers, managers, and leaders of the unions and strikes of the United States are likewise adherents of the Cath-olic Church. All that any one needs to convince himself of this is merely to read the names of those that appear in the dis-patches and reports of these things. Two of Mr. Mitchell's chief supporters in this coal strike and controversy were Mr. Fahey and Mr. Duffy. And so the names go: Mr. Fahey, Mr. Duffy, Mr. Casey, Mr. Morrissey, and so on, all through the United States. And these things merely show that the dominating influence, the organizing power, the in-spiring spirit, of the unions and strikes all through the United States is of the Cath-olic Church. Thus, on the one side, strikes and con-sequent entanglements are raised by the representatives of the Catholic Church. Then the rational government is brought into it to 'ave itself from being brought to anarchy. Then a tribunal of arbitra-tion must be selected ; and of this tribunal, the Catholic Church must form the ma-terial part, to save the nation from the distress and impending anarchy brought upon it by her own representatives. And by thus being represented in the arbitra-tion of settlement of her own difficulty, she gets the recognition d'f the national government and plants herself-  in a place where she can dictate terms and hold con-trol, thus swinging the unions and the national government into her purpose ; and the carrying out of that purpose is " doing now for the United States what she has done for other nations in the past." Not only is this so from this stand-point, but from another likewise. It can 