The Lesson of Kishineff By C. M. Snow ASTRIKING and impressive illus-tration of the working-out of the Christian-nation idea, Christian pa-triotism," " national Christianity," etc., etc., was recently set before the world, and the world has set up a strong protest against the object lesson. Our ideas have very much to do with our conduct toward our fellow-men. Zealous superstition has often reddened its hands 'in the life-blood of men, has racked and burned them, and invented ingenious tor-tures.  to propagate its ideals. This suf-fering world has had long and terrible lessons in the working out of such ideals, and still there are multitudes ready to repeat the illustration. The latest work-ing out of such an illustration was seen at Kishineff, Russia ; but right here in America great religious organizations are propagating the same idea that, in its out-working, wrought such terrible havoc among the Jews at Kishineff. That ideal is " national Christianity," church-and-state union. The feeling of the mass of the Russian people toward the Jews was crystallized into expression in these words by the periodical which did most to bring about the massacre: Become Christians and our brothers, and enjoy all the privileges of Russian citizenship. If not, you have one year to go where you please. After that term has expired, there must not remain a single Jew in Russia unless he is Christianized, and thereafter entrance to Russia will be forbidden to the Jews for-ever. That this Russian declaration of pur-pose respecting the Jews is a " Christian-nation " purpose is evident. Notice the similarity between that " national re-form " utterance of the Orthodox Rus-sian and the declarations of purpose ut- tered by American " National Reform " advocates, as follows : Our remedy for all these malefic influences is to have the government simply set up the moral law and recognize God's authority be-hind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it.ŠRev. M. A. Gault, District Secretary of the National Reform Association. We might add in all justice, If the opponents of the Bible do not like our government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land, and in the name of the devil and for the sake of the devil, subdue it and set up a government of their own on infidel and atheistic ideas; and then if they can stand it, stay there till they die.ŠRev. E. B. Graham, Vice President, N. R. A. We want state and religion, and we are going to have it. . . . Now we are warned that to engraft this doctrine upon the Con-stitution will be oppressive; that it will in-fringe the rights of conscience; and we are told that there are atheists, deists, Jews, and Sev-enth-day Baptists who would be sufferers un-der it. These all are, for the occasion, and so far as our amendment is concerned, one class. Š Jonathan Edwards, D.D. After classing all who oppose the church-and-state idea of the National Re-formers as atheists, Mr. Edwards de-clares : Tolerate atheism, sir? There is nothing out of hell that I would not tolerate as soon! The atheist may live, as I have said; but, God helping us, the taint of his destructive creed shall not defile any of the civil institutions of this fair land! Let us repeat, atheism [in which he includes Jews and Christian denom-inations that believe in religious liberty] and Christianity are contradictory terms. They are incompatible systems. They can not dwell together on the same continent! Now compare these utterances with the Russians' declaration of purpose toward the Jews, and note the similarity of sentiment and spirit which they breathe. It is the same spirit. It is sim-ply " national Christianity," the " Chris- 