750 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY always been and always will be the most bitter if they gruw out of perse-cution or public denunciation of cher-ished faiths. This country has a won-derful principle and method for preventing dissension, and in the pur-suance of that plan and illustration of that principle it has established the public school system. In order to keep the peace in the communities and make the schools eligible to all classes it re-nioves from them the element of relig-ious contention and the causes of relig-ious contention. It will not allow a teacher to denounce the Catholic Church nor to advocate, disparage, or recommend any form of Protestantism. As compared with despotism,' the general benefit to humanity of such a republic as this is so great that it is desirable to maintain at every point the separation of church and state. If Catholics are thoroughly convinced that they cannot educate their children as they wish to in the public schools, they are not obliged by law to send them. If the expense is heavy upon them to support the schools and their own parochial schools, it is an inciden-tal disadvantage ; but the general free-dom allowed here to them, together with others, is more than sufficient to compensate for it. They stand exactly where those do who dislike the public schools because of their equalizing ten-dency. They may send their children to private schools, but the equalizing tendency for the whole people is so valuable to the country as to justify taxation of all American people, whether they send their children to private schools in Europe, Canada, or the United States. It might as well be understood by the Roman Catholic Church that, if it really raises this is-sue, the Protestant churches of this country will ally themselves at the polls with Jews and with agnostics Š that is, with all classes opposed to denomi-nationalizing the public schools or ap-propriating public money to the sup-port of denominational schools. Con-servative men who have never joined in indiscriminating hue and cry against the Catholic Church, would contend to the last at the polls and elsewhere to preserve the public schools intact. Pol- iticians who care for the integrity of their parties will do well not to mingle in this discussion, for if the public schools are disturbed a wave which will remand them to obscurity will certainly rise. This "correctly represents the atti-tude of the Methodist Episcopal Church on this question," according to the editor of the Northwestern Chris-tian Advocate, the next most influential organ, of that church in this country, who has himself been writing and speaking vigorously of late against "Romanizing the public schools," and shows that there is ground for The Sun's declaration that an attempt to carry into effect the scheme of the Roman Catholic Church as to the public school system at the present time "would be likely to excite one of the bitterest political conflicts in American history." But it is not improbable that the situation may change. The Meth-odist Church, which is powerful in the nation and not at all loth to employ the political methods which are the natural implements of the Catholic Church, and therefore is ready, to the extent of its power and influence, to make effective in the political field the notice which the editor of the Advocate serves on the Catholic Church and the "politicians who care for the integrity of their parties," wants Sunday observance en-forced in this country, and there is no telling at what moment circum-stances may be such that it will be will-ing to compromise on the school issue in the interest of the enforcement of the Sunday institution. The Catholic Church is likely to be on the lookout for just such a bargain. The organ of the Freethinkers, the Truth Seeker, was "glad to see so ortho-dox a sect as the Methodists refuse to join in the demand for a division of the school funds," and to know that "on 