7HE PRINCIPLE OF CHRIST S KINGDOM 167 ily. " God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son," not only to bear our sins, and to die as our sacrifice; He gave him to the fallen race. God gave His only begotten Son to become one of the human family, forever to re-tain his human nature. "Unto us a child is born ; unto us a son is given ; and the government shall be on his shoulder." God has adopted human nature in the person of His Son, and has carried the same into the highest heaven. It is the " Son of man " who shares the throne of the universe. In Christ the family of earth and the family of heaven are bound together. Christ glorified is our brother. Heaven is enshrined in humanity, and humanity is enfolded in the bosom of In-finite Love. So Christ is the Son of man, and thus a brother to every son and daughter of Adam. His followers are not to feel themselves detached from the perishing world around them. They are a part of the great web of humanity ; and Heaven looks upon them as brothers to sinners as, well as to saints. The fallen, the er- ring, and the sinful, Christ's love em-braces; and every deed of kindness done to uplift a fallen soul, every act of mercy, is accepted as done to him. God is no respecter of persons, and He has an equal care for all the souls He has created. We need not go to Nazareth, to Caper-naum, or to Bethany, in order to walk in the steps of Jesus. We shall find His footprints beside the sick bed, in the hovels of poverty, in the crowded alleys of the great city, and in every place where there are human hearts in need of con-solation. In doing as Jesus did when on earth, we shall walk in his steps. Love to man is the earthward mani-festation of love to God. It was to im-plant this love, to make us children of one family, that the King of Glory be-came one with us. And when his parting words are fulfilled, Love one another, as I have loved you " ; when we love the world as he has loved it, then for us his mission is accomplished. We are fitted for heaven; for we have heaven in our hearts. Genuine greatness is marked by sim-plicity, unostentatiousness, self-forgetful-ness, a hearty interest in others, a feeling of brotherhood with the human family, and a respect for every human being. A superior mind, enlightened and kindled by just views of God and of the creation, regards its gifts and powers as so many bonds of union with other beings, as given it, not to nourish self-elation, but to be employed for others, and still more to be communicated to others. Such greatness has no reserve, and especially no affected dignity of deportment. It is too conscious of its own power to need, and too benevolent to desire, to entrench itself behind forms and ceremonies; and when circumstances permit such a charac-ter to manifest itself to inferior beings,  it is beyond all others the most winning, and most fitted to impart itself, or call forth a kindred elevation of feeling. I know not in history an individual so easily comprehended as Jesus Christ, for nothing is so intelligible as sincere, dis-interested love.ŠWilliam E. Channing. O Christ's life was one of constant self-sacrifice. Those who reject the privilege of fellowship with Christ in service, re-ject the only training that imparts a fit-ness for participation with him in his glory. Mrs. E. G. White. O The great in the kingdom of God are the ones who greatly serve.ŠDr. Minot I. Savage. 