SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 511 one of the teams were discharged, but the others were held for a jury trial, which their attorney demanded.ŠThe ministers of Jamestown, N. Dak., " have been mak-ing a fight against Sunday baseball." " The combination secured a warrant and caused the manager of one team to be arrested. He was fined $1 and costs, which a prominent business man prompt-ly. paid."ŠIt was recently reported from New Bedford, Mass., that " the minis-terial association is at work devising some plan which will be effective in stopping the Sunday playing of baseball."ŠAs the result of " complaints to the mounted po-lice against Sabbath violation," six boys were arrested at Homestead, Pa., on June 21 for playing ball on Sunday.ŠThe Hendrum, Minn., village council " has  refused a request of the Presbyterian con-gregation to prevent boys from playing baseball on Sunday."Š" Much excite-ment over the question of Sunday ball games" was recently reported from Find-lay, Ohio.ŠBird Island, Minn., " resi-dents have stopped Sunday baseball, and everybody goes to church."ŠIt was re-cently reported from Creston, Iowa, that " the ministers are making war upon Sunday baseball." The saloon-keepers of Aitkin, Minn., have signed a paper in which they agree " to keep closed tight " on Sundays during the next four months, and request " the day and night village marshals to strictly enforce the agreement." According to statistics furnished by the State Commissioner of Excise, there were last year in the seven leading cities of New York State 2,588 places known as " hotels " where liquors were sold, 2,167 of which were in Greater New York. This is an average of one such place to every 1,570 of the population of these cities. The figures show a considerable decrease in the number of these places from the preceding year. In Greater New York, which includes the boroughs of The Bronx, Manhattan, Kings (Brooklyn), Queens (formerly towns of Flushing, Jamaica, Newton, and Long Island City, L. I.), and Richmond (Staten Island), the number of places of all sorts licensed to sell liquors to be drunk on the' premises where sold is 10,923. A decrease of 2,979 is claimed from the number of such places existing in 1896 before the Liquor Tax Law, commonly known as the " Raines law," went into effect. Then, in addition to these, there are 1,080 places licensed to sell liquors not to be drunk on the  premises where sold. These places are known as " stores,' and supply liquors for " family use." A decrease is claimed here also from the number in existence in 1896, the number of the decrease being given as 35o. But there is an enormous increase in the number of places where " pharmacists " are authorized to sell liquors " upon a physician's prescription only." The number has arisen from 89 in 1895, before the Raines law went into operation, to 564 in 1901. It costs $6o,00o per annum to collect the State (which includes the city) liquor tax in the various boroughs of Greater Ł New York, but that is a mere trifle compared with the revenue received, the amount collected for the year ending April 3o, 1901, being $8,497,186.00. These statis-tics indicate the enormity of the liquor traffic, but while they may suggest, they cannot portray, the terrible ravages of the liquor curse. Only the bodies and souls of the hundreds of thousands of men and women who are the victims and slaves of this curse can adequately reveal that, 