810  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without the "due process" of indict-ment, it is equally forbidden to enact any law, like the one on which we are treating, by which people may be deprived of liberty without the like "due process" of an indictment. And so says Coke, in his "Institutes," page 50, when speaking of the terms "due process of law," as used in Magna Charta, from which it was copied into our constitution. He defines those terms to be "by indictment or present-ment of good and lawful men, where such deeds be done, etc." If the terms "due process of law" were construed to mean only such laws as the legislature might enact, in cases affecting life or liberty, the constitu-tion would afford no guard against a legislative act to deprive people of the right of life or liberty without the in-tervention of a grand jury. But if the constitution, by the use of the terms "due process of law," meant to say that no person shall be deprived of life without presentment or indictment of a grand jury, and also all other process and proceedings, all the rights and privileges which the constitution and constitutional laws secure to all per-sous coming within the pale of the criminal lawÑthen no person can be deprived of liberty unless by the same "due process of law" and proceedings without which "no person shall be de-prived of life;" for the right of liberty, as before remarked, is protected by the constitution at the same time, in the same manner, and by the same words, "due process of law" and proceedings, which by the constitution, constitu-tional laws, rules of common justice, and the principles of humanity, are req-uisite and necessary to be had before any person can "be deprived of life" for any public crime or misdemeanor. The statute law in question, there-fore, by authorizing imprisonment as  a punishment for a public offenseÑa crime assumed by the said law to be mala in seÑwithout the intervention of a grand jury, and other "due process of law" and proceedings, is as obviously a violation of the constitution as it is dangerous to the natural rights and political liberties of the people. I have intimated, or said, that there are other rights and privileges, other "process" and proceedings than "pre-sentment or indictment of a grand jury," without which no person can be constitutionally deprived of per-sonal liberty. Of these I shall not now attempt a very particular exposi-tion. A few hints will be sufficient to apprize the reader to what I allude, and how it bears on the question now be-fore us. The constitution and laws of this State not only require the inter-vention of a grand and petit jury in cases of capital and other infamous crimes, but for crimes of less degree, and misdemeanors, the authors have secured to them the privilege of a grand jury before they can be ar-raigned and disgraced by a public trial before a petit jury for their alleged offense. And all who are charged with committing a public wrong or doing a private injury, before they shall be de-prived of life, liberty or property, are entitled, as a matter of legal right and common justice and humanity, to a rea-sonable time to employ and advise with counsel in their caseÑto prepare for their defense,, and also a right to "due process of law," to compel the attend-ance of their witnesses by subpoena, and a reasonable time to serve it. They have also a right to examine their own and cross-examine the witnesses against them, and confront them with each other and with the adverse party before the court and jury. All this and more perhaps than I have mentioned is al-lowed as a matter of constitutional and 1 