554  THE SENTINEL OF of restrictions or reservations, no excep-tions of color or race. It is a pronounce-ment of the rights of man, not of men or of any class or grade of men. Its scien-tific foundation is the certainty that gov-ernment will develop in proportion to the needs and capacities of those governed. Its inevitable ethical demand is that no government shall be imposed from the outside. That is the fundamental postu-late on which the American Republic rests. Robbed of that it has no higher title to existence, no broader basis of sta-bility, than any government rooted in force and the necessary accompaniment of divine right of kings, which is the only possible attempt at philosophic justi-fication of monarchies. Until the spring of '98 there was not one American in one hundred conscious of the existence of the Philippines. Their people were equally unaware of us. Sud-denly our ships appeared on their coasts. We destroyed the power of Spain, and she ceased to attempt to exercise the authority she had claimed over the is-lands. The natives in arms declared a government of their own. We had not yet acquired even the lame title which we later bought from Spain, and we had made no declaration of our future pur-poses with regard to, the country. We had not even asserted a purpose to exer-cise the rights, of sovereignty there. We had some ships in the bay and some sol-diers in Manila, but our warfare was avowedly against Spain. This was the situation when the Filipinos, justly sus-pecting our government of an undeclared purpose to substitute its authority for that of the Spanish crown, and being unable to obtain even so much as an out-line of the manner and method of admin-istering the islands, attacked the invad-ing force which, after making use of them againSt a common enemy, had flout-ed them rd treated them with contempt  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY and distrust. There was no "constituted authority," no "established government" against whiCh they could raise an insur-rection or become insurgents. They merely attempted to drive out an invader who as yet had made no claim of even a technical right to occupy their territory. How then did they become insurgents ? By what possible stretch of administra-tional imagination could their natural and creditable hostility become - "sedition," punishable by death or long imprison-ment? According to the testimony of our most advanced imperialists, the title which Spain yielded to us had long been forfeited by insufferable oppression and by demonstrated lack of might If it had been forfeited, what did we acquire? By calling these men insurgents, by accusing them of "treason," our adminis-trations have sought to create, by indirect influence, the impression of rebellion, of treachery, of revolt against just author-ity. The conditions precedent to such a situation never existed in the case. Our right to administer the affairs of the is-lands was never recognized by these peo-ple. Our dominion over them was never established. The conquest has never been completed. From any rational point of view they are merely resisting attempted conquest. The intervention of Britain, of Germany, of France, of Austria, or Russia would have been quite as natural, quite as expected, quite as welcome. Re-sistance to the pretensions of any one of these would have been insurrection in ex-actly the same sense that resistance to us is insurrection, but in that case Ameri-cans would have noted the struggle only to denounce the monarchical conquista-dores and praise the brave and deter-mined islanders for their noble struggle for liberty and independence. "Treachery" to any crown would have been quite as much treachery as to the Stars and Stripes, which, in the Philip- 