42o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the President and asked for the enact-ment of a Sunday law. The President told them he thought such a law would be a good thing, and that he would use his influence to have the matter brought before the national legislature as soon as possible. At a convention held in Bue-nos Ayres in February all the Protestant denominations united in a demand for Sunday legislation, and a letter was read at the convention from "Father" Ed-ward, of the Catholic Church, stating that he and the bishops under him heartily ap-proved of this movement. The signifi-cant observation was made in this com-munication that "God does not always wait until the judgment to chastise the profanation of Sunday." "There can be no doubt," says an op-ponent of Sunday opening, "that the Sunday saloon adds largely to the 're-spectability' of the whole [liquor] busi-ness." We do not see how this is made out. If Sunday opening is such a terri-ble thing it would seem that the saloon would lose respectability by Sunday traffic. So far as the Sunday law is con-cerned the "whole business" of the liquor dealer is just as respectable as any other business, for it is treated just the same as all others. The saloon should not have this standing; so, if Sunday opening is such a terrible thing, why not alter the law so that the saloon can be open on Sunday, and thus get into a position where it can be rated as the odious thing that it is? So far as the present Sunday law is concerned the saloon is kept re-spectable ; why not allow it to become as offensive as it can ? Perhaps then there will be such a revulsion of sentiment against it as will enable more to be ac-complished in the direction of its aboli-tion than will ever be the case if it is kept "respectable" by being made to "observe the Sabbath." The matter of "Sabbath" observance by law and otherwise was one of the prominent subjects before the Presbyte-rian General Assembly in session in New York from May 15 to 26. On the after-noon of May 18 "a popular meeting in the interest of Sabbath observance" was held in the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church under the auspices of "the Committee on Sabbath Observance." The meeting was addressed by the chairman of the com-mittee and four speakers, including Dr. I. W. Hathaway, Secretary of the Amer-ican Sabbath (Sunday) Union, and Mrs. Wellington White, Secretary of the Woman's National Sabbath (Sunday) Alliance. It was announced at this meet-ing that the report of the "Sabbath Ob-servance Committee" would be read on the following Friday morning, and that Ł general discusion of the question would then be the order of the day. We will present a report of this discussion in the July SENTINEL, and also of the meeting mentioned, which occurred too late to be reported more fully in this number. Those who are watching the matter cannot fail to note that things are rapidly coming to the point where persons en-gaged in any common business or trade are obliged to abide by the decision of the majority of those engaged in the same business or following the same trade in the matter of Sunday closing. This is evident from cases frequently mentioned in our "Sunday Enforcement" notes. And it also appears that in this the law is by no means the only method employ-ed. Those interested in Sunday closing take the matter into their own hands, and already such coercive measures as the boycott of the trades unions and the com-petition-strangling methods of the trusts are coming into use against those who venture to disregard the edict of those who undertake to say that the particu- 