EDITORIAL  113 "Sabbath" must be protected; it must not be deprived of that support and protection which comes to it by hav-ing a place in the statute books ! Let Tammany reign, let corruption prevail, let liquor be sold, let anything be done, but never, never leave the Sunday insti-tution to stand on its own feet! This is a pitiable spectacle to all genu-ine friends of good government. Let us see. In the estimation of these people who have so much to say of "civic righteousness",  Sunday enforcement is the great touchstone of good govern-ment. Good government that does not include this is not to be tolerated. Now Sunday laws and Sunday enforcement are themselves a gross abuse of legisla-tive power, and are opposed to every principle of genuine civic righteousness and good government. From this it may be determined just how much civic righteousness and good government is embraced in the conception of many of the people who profess in these days to be working for both. "A Sad and Suggestive Contrast" In the opinion of the "Sabbath" De-fender "a sad and suggestive contrast" is presented by the two great exposi-tions that have recently closed. The "Glasgow Exposition closed on Sun-days," and was "a great success ;" the "Pan-American Exposition, at Buffalo, open Sundays ; closes with debt of nearly $4,000,000; scene of an awful tragedy and national calamity." One practised and experienced the fulfilment of that scripture which says, "If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day, and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable, . . . Then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord ; and I  will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth ;" the other demon-strated the truth of that scripture which says, "Ye bring wrath upon Israel by profaning the Sabbath." At least this is what The Defender says. Of course the closing of the Glasgow Exposition on Sunday had nothing to do with' its financial success, and the opening of the Pan-American Exposi-tion had nothing to do with its financial failure. And if such were the case it would be no evidence that the Lord had anything to do with the matter, for the scriptures quoted have no reference to Sunday observance whatever. It would simply have demonstrated that the peo-ple who believe in Sunday sacredness have power to make or mar the financial success of great expositions, and that they do not hesitate to use this power for the exaltation of Sunday, regardless of the consequences. The "awful tragedy and national calamity" at the Buffalo Exposition was a serious injury to it financially, as every-one knows. But the Sunday devotee cannot see this ; to him the great hub and center around which all things re-volve is the Sunday sabbath, and be-cause the Buffalo Exposition did not ob-serve this sabbath as he thinks it should' have, he is absolutely sure that its deficit of $4,000,000, and the assassination of the President, are the direct conse-quences and were nothing more nor less than a visitation of divine wrath. And when he turns to the Glasgow Exposi-tion and finds that it kept its gates closed on Sunday and came out as a financial success he knows that there is no possi-bility of mistake about the matter. No other evidence is needed, in his mind, to demonstrate that Sunday closing opens the gates of divine favor and blessing. 