"If any man hear my words; and believe not; !judge him nOrŠJesus Christ: VoLumx.15. CHICAGO, MAY 17, 1900. NUMBER 18. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel) Published weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, by the INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION Subscription. price, $1.00 C. P. Editors If the state would let conscience alone, it must let religion alone also. at as The conscience that is educated by the laws and customs of men, will fail to pass examination at the bar of God. al at Let men beware how they lay hold upon conscience, for it is a "live wire," directly connected with the dynamo of the Omnipotent will. al al The importance of the Sabbath as an institution of God for the welfare of mankind constitutes the chief reason why the state should not meddle with that in- stitution in any way. as at The Creator made the Sabbath a day of refreshment Šof renewing of life ; but state Sabbath legislation, with its restrictions upon labor and recreation, tends to make the day altogether lifeless. ag The Sabbath institution bears the image and super-scription of God, and when the state by assuming the right to legislate upon it, makes the institution its property and puts upon it the stamp of Caesar, the result is the defacement of God's image and an institu- tion valueless to both God and man. The Right to Interpret the Bible. The Sentinel of Liberty contends for the right of every person to be independent of all other persons in deciding what are the duties required of him by re-ligion, and in conforming his actions to his own con-victions of right. WhyŠit may be askedŠdoes the Sentinel think it necessary to contend for this right? Who in this free land disputes this right? Who is denied the privilege of deciding for himself what constitutes duty toward God, and of practicing his convictions of duty in his daily life? It may be surprising to the reader to be told that not merely one person, or a few individuals, but many thousands of peopleŠindeed, the whole minority in the government, are denied this privilege by the scheme of government advocated by the National Reform Asso-ciation and its allies ; but such is the fact. That scheme has not yet been set in operation in this country, but it is one for which millions of earnest people are ac-tively working, and whose ultimate success is not doubtful if its present rate of progress continues. Just what it is that we are talking about will be made clear to the reader by reference to a hearing given the advocates of the National Reform scheme before a committee of Congress in March, 1896. The hearing related to a bill then before Congress provid-ing for an amendment to the constitution which would make it "recognize God." The preamble was to be so amended as to read : "We, the people of the United States (acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all power and authority in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and his revealed will as of supreme authority in civil affairs), in order to form a more. perfect union," etc. The "revealed will of God" being given in the Bible, the discussion at the hearing turned upon the interpretation of the Bible, and this question was asked with reference to the religious duty of Sabbath observance: Mr. Burton. "Is not this the theory : Each man 