716  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY would participate, would be held with Chief of Police Murphy shortly." ¥ The barbers' union of Waukesha, Wis., has voted that "on and after Sep-tember 7, 1902, all the barber shops in this city shall be closed on Sundays." The barbers of Oconomowoc, Wis., have signed an agreement to the same effect. Nothing is said of appealing to the law in either case, but that will no doubt come if any barber tries to do business on Sunday. ¥ The mayor of Salem, Ore., was pre-sented with a petition a few weeks ago asking that "the local fruit stands and similar places which have been violating the State laws regarding Sunday selling be closed." The petition was "signed by about fifty prominent citizens and business men," but it "was first consid-ered at the ministers' meeting," from which a committee was sent out "to work with the petition and secure signatures for the same." It was reported from Petersburg, Va., recently that a Sunday-closing ordinance that was passed by the city council ten years ago was being strictly enforced for the first time. The ordinance "prohibits the sale of everything except medicine and food at hotels." The authorities al-low butchers and fish dealers to deliver fish and meat on Sundays that was pur-chased on the preceding day. No news-papers are allowed to be sold at stands or on the streets. ¥ Recorder Poirier, of Montreal, Cana-da, has pronounced the by-law, passed by the council of that city in June, permit-ting the sale of fruits, cigars, confection-ery and temperance beverages during certain hours on Sunday, provided all the articles named were kept for sale at every  place where any of them were sold, to be ultra vires because of its partial and dis-criminating character. The officials of the Lord's Day (Sunday) Alliance are greatly pleased over this. The Prohibition Union of Christian Men in Rochester, N. Y., is conducting a crusade against Sunday liquor selling. They find by patrolling the city that the violations of the provisions of the Sun-day-closing law "extend from 35 to 75 per cent." The president of the union has declared that "for every ounce and hour of this continued anarchy in this Christian city we hold Mayor A. J. Ro-denbeck personally responsible before the people and before God." Twenty-five Hebrew peddlers were fined in a police court in Chicago on Sep-tember 6 for peddling goods without a license on the preceding Sunday in the vicinity of the Jefferson market. It is not clear from the report whether the fines were imposed merely for selling without a license or for selling on Sun-day, but evidently the two things were intermingled, as the magistrate, after warning them against attempting to do business without licenses, "explained that it was illegal for them to sell their goods on Sunday." Three grocerymen of Orange, N. J., were fined $2 and $1.70 costs each in the police court of that city on August 6, for having made sales "on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." The evidence showed that one had sold eight cents worth of bacon and six cents worth of ginger snaps, another had sold eight cents worth of something else, and one had sold "three tomatoes for two cents." The complaints were made by the retail clerks' association. The clerks' 