EDITORIAL 305 letter to the governor of the province where there has been such an abuse of civil authority, to call attention to it and to point out the fun-damental error commited by the municipal council. The President of the United States in his instructions to the t_ommission used the fol-lowing words: "Upon every division and branch of the government of the Philippines, therefore, must b6 imposed these inviolable rules: . . . That no law shall be made re-specting the establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof, and that the free exercise and enjoyment of re-ligious profession and worship without discrimination or preference shall forever be allowed." And again: "That no form of religion and no minister of religion shall be forced upon any community or upon any citi-zen of the islands; that upon the other hand no minister of religion shall be interfered with or molested in following his calling; and that the separation between state and church shall be real, entire, and absolute." What fees or compensation shall be charged by a minister of religion for religious services performed by him is a matter wholly within the control of the church authorities, and is one in which the civil government, whether munici-pal, provincial, or insular, can have no voice whatever. No one is obliged by civil law to partake of the sacraments of the Roman Catholic Church ; no one is required by law to solicit from the priest the marriage ceremony or the funeral ceremony of the Catholic Church. If he does so, under the government as it now exists in these islands, he does it voluntarily. If, however, his religious con-science requires of him that he should secure the performance of any such ceremony by a priest of the Catholic Church, and deems the fee exacted excessive, he can have no recourse to the civil government, but must apply for relief to the superior ecclesiastical authority in the Catholic Church. Under the govern-ment instituted here by the United States, neither priest nor bishop has any power, as such, to control the course of the civil author- ities, nor can he, as such, take any part in the government, nor exert any influence upon its course. He may only appeal to the civil au- thorities, as any other citizen or resident may appeal, for protection to his life, liberty, or property, or that of the religious corporation which he represents. With this entire separa- tion of ecclesiastical influence from civil gov-ernment must follow, on the other hand, com-plete abstinence from interference in clerical and ecclesiastical matters by civil officers as such. The right of each councilor or each presidente as an individual, if he be a member of the Catholic Church, to take such action within the church as its rules and discipline may prescribe, to prevent the exaction of ex-cessive fees by priests, is, of course, fully con-ceded; but when the councilors meet in a town council and take official action by municipal ordinance or resolution, they are not acting as individual members of the Catholic Church, they are acting as the agents of civil govern-ment, and as such they have nothing whatever to do with the government of the church, or with any act of its priest which concerns the adminstering of religious sacraments or the performance of religious functions, unless those services are carried on and those functions are performed in such a way as to affect injuri-ously the property rights or the civil rights of the general public, whether Catholic or non-Catholic. Whatever satisfaction may have been afforded the friars by the fact that in this instance a decision was rendered in favor of the priest, and the municipal councils were forbidden to interfere with the priests in any way in the administra-tion of church affairs, was completely swallowed up in their detestation of the principle upon which this decision was made. A tract in Spanish and the ver-naculars was at once published and cir-culated by the "Catholic Center," an or-ganization which stands for the preser-vation of the "rights" of the "Holy Church." The character of this document may be gathered from the following ex-tracts: Not many days since a miserable paper rab-idly impious saw light in this capital, a mon-strous abortion of perversity, a banneret of en-rollment in the interests of apostasy, in which freely and unmasked the cry is raised, War against God! To arms, then, warriors of Jesus Christ! The challenge is thrown down ! To the strife, Catholic soldiers! Not with a resort to world-ly arms, but to the powers of prayer, of faith, 