EDITORIAL 175 in heaven and in earth," declared the Council of Lateran to Leo X. " The authority given to St. Peter and his suc-. cessors by the immense power of the Eternal King, excels all the power of earthly princes; it passes uncontrollable sentence upon them all." So declared Sixtus V. In 1870 the Vatican Council decreed, and imposed the penalty of an-athema " upon any one who should " pre-sume to contradict " it, that " the Roman Pontiff " " is possessed of that infalli-bility with which the divine Redeemer willed that his Church should be endowed, for defining doctrines regarding faith or morals." All these " infallible " pro-nouncements are as orthodox with the Papacy to-day as ever they were. In 1894 the present Pope published a corn-.munication addressed " to the princes and peoples of the universe," in which h.? de-clared, " We hold the regency of God on earth." It has been well observed with regard to this last declaration that it assumes " the minority, absence, or dis-ability of God as to the affairs of the earth, which assumption cannot possibly be anything short of supremely blas-phemous." Ł Christianity is " God with us " as man; the Papacy is man over us as God. Ł " All these things will I give thee," said the tempter to Christ in the wilder-ness, " if thou wilt fall down and wor-ship me." " Get thee hence, Satan," was the reply. The fiend returned after three hundred years, and, leading the pontiff to the summit of the Roman hill, showed him " all the kingdoms of the world and the glory of them." " All these," said he, " will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me." No second de-nial awaited the tempter : instantly the knee was bent, and the pontiff raised his head crowned with the tiara. Twice has Christianity been crowned in bitter deri- sion and mockery of her character : once with a crown of thorns by the blasphe-mers of Caiaphas' hall ; and again with the tiara, in the person of the pontiff. Never did she demean herself with such divine dignity as when the thorns girt her brow ; but, ah ! the burning shame of the tiara.-4. A. Wylie, LL.D. Elnnomail asasnal  Set for for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION " three months  To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  .25 1.50 Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City :III1-1 '4'1 ORDERS for this number of THE SENTINEL were being received at such a lively rate at the time the printing order was given, that we deemed it wise to print some extra copies. After reading this good number you will probably want more to distribute. Send for them at once, at the following prices: 5 copies 7 cents 10 copies 14 cents 25  44 35 4450 70 " 100 " $1.25 1000 " $12.00 Šaddress--- PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street - New York City 1-1÷1÷1-+ Single copy, per year :51.00 six months  .so 11.14 0-0 0.41 ŁŁŁ111 0.0 