38 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY burg that he had seen cigars and ciga-rettes sold at his place, at 223 South Broad St., on Sunday. Mr. Greenburg alleged that Borden had stood on the side of Broad St., opposite his shop, and had sent a small district messenger boy across several times to buy ciga-rettes, being himself afraid to venture too near the enemy. The boy instead of doing the errand had warned Mr. Greenburg. " Oh !" put in Mr. Vail, "that wasn't last Sunday. You are thinking of two weeks ago." Mr. Vail was sworn. It was then that he made the assertion that he had stood on the opposite side of Broad St., in front of the Academy of Music, and had seen two cigars sold in Greenburg's shop. The fine and costs were imposed upon Mr. Greenburg. Irwin Dietrich, of 225 South Broad St., whose place adjoins Mr. Greenburg's, suffered the same fate. Joseph Kahn, of the Hotel Vendig, Twelfth and Market Sts., was repre-sented by Alexander J. Bryan. Vail testified that he witnessed sales at Mr. Kahn's cigar stand through a window. Mr. Bryan said cigars were supplied to guests of the hotel just as food was furnished them, and contended that the legal view which qualified the business of a hotel as necessary, and, therefore, exempted from the prohibition of the statute, covered all the departments of its business. The magistrate said that he could not accept this interpretation. " This is the best kind of a case," he added, "to take to a higher court on appeal, and I hope you will do so." Mr. Bryan said that he would, and a conviction was recorded. Mrs. James Bortz, of Fourth and Green Sts., contradicted flatly on oath the testimony of Agents Biddle and Borden that a cigar had been sold in her place on Sunday. Mrs. Bortz's husband is an engineer, and could not come to court. The magistrate inti-mated that he was inclined to believe her denial, and continued the case for investigation. Fines for Sunday selling were im-posed upon Mrs. Henry Cohen, 616 Columbia Ave.; P. Bonini, 129 North Broad St.; H. Jacobs, Fourth St. and Fairmont Ave.; A. Schwartz, 246 Arch  St.; S. Sieberlich, 228 Jefferson St. ; William Nanamaker, 3535 Germantown Ave. ; Nathan Medowi, 207 Arch St.; and several others who appeared only by attorney. G. Shapiro, 482 North Fourth St., paid $2.50 costs, having ex-plained that he had only recently pur-chased the business there, and was not acquainted with the "blue law" of 1794. On the following Friday, December 25, the Public Ledger reported : The violators of the Sunday law of 1794 who appeared before Magistrate South yesterday were few, and only a small proportion of them were fined. The magistrate said that if it had not been that summonses had already been served without his knowledge, he would not have held any hearing of this kind at all on the day before Christmas; and he positively refused to hear any deferred or continued cases on the day after the festival. " It is bad enough," he declared, "to hale these people up at all. They ought to have at least a little chance for jollification at this time of the year, and their Christmas ought not to be beset with any more troubles than are absolutely neces-sary." Even Mr. Vail did not seek to press any case at the hearings be-yond mere perfunctory prosecution, and no defendant was fined where a reasonable loophole appeared for his escape. There were some fifty cases on Mr. Vail's list. Of all the defendants less than a dozen answered to their names. Four. of these were discharged ; three were required to pay costs, and only two were fined. There was, however, a larger number than usual, in pro-portion to the whole, who either sent their fines and the costs to the court by messenger or mail or had their cases settled by attorney. One of the first to answer was G. Hoppe, of Twenty-second St. and Montgomery Ave., who was accused of selling chocolate candy on Sunday. Mr. Hoppe, whose appearance was pre-possessing, said that although he lived above the shop in queStion, he was not its proprietor, and had nothing what- 