55o.  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY our soldiers have disgraced their uni-form. Such men have shown the pitiable weakness of human nature under dis-tressing conditions which they did not create; but the story is a shamefully old one; it has been told for three hundred years in the history of tropical coloniza-tion. Lincoln put the whole of it, with homely finality, into his phrase about no man being good enough to govern an-other man without 'the other man's con-sent. Not "strong" enough, nor "smart enough," nor "Anglo-Saxon enough ;". simply "not good enough." Upon that point there is nothing more to be said. To leave the Philippine Islands under  some amicable arrangement, to the Philip-pine people may be called "scuttling"Ñif critics like that wordÑ but it will be a re-turn to American modes of procedure, to that fuller measure of democracy which is the only cure for the evils of democra-cy. For the chief obstacle to the subju-gation of an Asiatic people by Americans lies in human nature itself. The baser side of human nature may always be de-pended upon to strip such conquest of its tinsel and betray its essential hideous-ness; while the nobler side of human na-ture protests against the forcible annexa-tion of a weaker people by the country-men of Washington. Hon. George F. Hoar, of Massachusetts, in Speech in U. S. Senate, May 22, 1902 All this cost, all these young men gone to their graves, all these wrecked lives, all this national dishonor, the repeal of the Declaration of Independence, the overthrow of the principle on which the Monroe doctrine was placed by its au-thor, the devastation of provinces, the shooting of captives, the torture of pris-oners and unarmed and peaceful citizens, the hanging men up by the thumbs, the car-loads of maniac soldiers that you bring home,Ñare all because you will not tell now whether you mean in the future to stand on the principles which you and your fathers always declared in the past. The senator from Ohio says it is not wise to declare what we will do at some future time. Mr. President, we do not ask you to declare what you will do 'at some future time. We ask you to declare an eternal principle good at the present time and good at all times. . . . We ask you to declare not at what moment you will get out of the Philippine Islands, but only on what eternal principle you  will act, in them or out of them. Such declarations are made in all history. They are in every important treaty be-tween nations. The Constitution of the United States is itself a declaration of what this country will do and what it will not do in all future times. The Declara-tion of Independence, if it have the prac-tical meaning it has had for a hundred years, is a declaration of what this country would do through all future times. The Monroe doctrine, to which sixteen republics south of us owe their life and safety, was a declaration to man-kind of what we would do in all future time. Among all the shallow pretenses of imperialism this statement that we will not say what we will do in the future is the most shallow. Was there ever such a flimsy pretext flaunted in the face of the American people as that of gentlemen who say, if any other nation on the face of the earth, or all other nations together, attempt to overthrow the independence of any people to the south of us in this 