582  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY which it so devoutly wishesÑthe secur-ing throughout the whole nation, in every city, village and hamlet, the same "model Sabbath" and "legal Sunday" enforce-ment which it was hoped to fasten upon Washington by this legislation. But for-tunately there were two District commis-sioners who would not approve of the legislation, and so the scheme fell through this time. But it is given out that the agitation will be renewed when Congress reassembles. There was another point in the article referred to which gave it a distinctly "National Reform" flavor. It was lamented that in other cities; particularly New York and Boston, "the work of the reformers is being stultified" and made "obnoxious" to "the poor voter," who, in consequence, "when he gets a chance will go against the reform movement" and "vote to change" the Sunday laws. It was calmly observed in this connection that this difficulty would not menace "the reform movement" in Washington when once the legislation desired was se-cured, for "Washington, on the other hand, has no strictly voting class, as there is no suffrage here whatever." And thus it was that the National Capital could be made "the ideal Sunday city of the country." When all cities become ideal after the "National Reform" standard there will be no suffrage in any of them, at least not with regard to the "reforms" which it proposes to impose by means of the statute book and the policeman's club. The "reformers" will simply be supreme autocrats in such matters, or, in other words, popes, whose decrees will be en-forced by the civil authorities. Of course, as it is declared would be the case in Washington if strict Sunday legislation could be secured, "the law will be tempered with justice and equity in its enforcement," but it will be justice and equity after the ideas of those who will  not be disposed to do much tempering themselves and who will never permit the people to have anything to say in the matter. In an editorial on "The New Sabbath" the World's Work for June declares that whatever may be the evidence back of Dr. Lorimer's recent prophecy that "in fifty years we shall have no Sabbath," "there is no doubt that the character of the American Sunday is changing." This change "has been largely from strait-laced religiosity to recreation," and in the opinion of the magazine mentioned is evidenced by recent attempts at Sunday enforcement : Boston suffered this spring from one of the violent reactionary applications of the "blue-laws" which the old Puritanical spirit of the city makes periodically necessaryÑa confession of the feeling that the sale of ice cream, soda water, candy, and tobacco on the Lord's day is a degenerate modern desecration. In New York the arrest of Sunday baseball players and cross-country runners, coupled with a spas-modic effort on a few successive Sundays to close the easily entered saloons, indicated a weakÑand, as events proved, futileÑattempt to restore an earlier condition of Sabbath hush. The World's Work says that it is the part of wisdom to take note cheerfully of this changed attitude toward Sunday, and to discover in it "a really helpful influ-ence toward social well-being." It is very true that such a change as is here pointed out is taking place, but it is not being accompanied to any great extent by the repeal of Sunday laws themselves. A movement in that direction we would note with much cheerfulness, and we are sure that if done on principle would prove "a really helpful influence toward social well-being." A careful study of the his-tory of Sunday legislation does not lead one to the conclusion that the causes which now seem to be chiefly instrumen-tal in bringing about a relaxed observ- 