602 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. toward the re-establishment of negro slavery. The negro can not stand still in a position of " disfran-chised freedom;" the South would not long tolerate him in that position. Either he must advance up-ward toward the political and intellectual heights occupied by the race with which he is in contact, or retrograde to his former position of servitude. " Half slave and half free," as Lincoln stated it, is a condition less tolerable than the old-time slavery. .0 .0 THE instructions given the Philippine Commis-sion, appointed some time ago by the President to take in charge the task of establishing American Government in the Philippines, are now made pub-lic. They were drawn up last April, but the pres-ent was deemed a more opportune time for setting them before the people. The Filipinos are by these instructions promised all the rights enjoyed by American citizens, except that of trial by jury and the writ of habeas 'Corpus. They are to enjoy full personal liberty and protection of property rights under guarantees similar to those of the*American Constitution. On the point of religious freedom the instructions say: "That no form of religion and no minister of re-ligion shall be forced upon anylicommunity nor upon -any citizen of the islands; that, upon the other hand, no minister of religion shall be interfered with or molested in following his calling, and that the separation between state and church shall be real, entire, and absolute." Further, it is provided that " no law shall be made respecting an establishment of religion or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof,! and " the free exert  cise and enjoyment of religious profession and wor-ship without discrimination or preference shall forever be allowed." These guarantees of religious freedom are cer-tainly all that any people could desire. They are even stronger than are those enjoyed by citizens of the United States, excepting those of South Caro-lina, for that State is alone in having a constitutional provision against any State legislation respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free ex-ercise thereof. Ł Happy will it be for the long-en-slaved people of those islands if these guarantees are carried into effect. It is to be noted, however, that very important exceptions are made in the personal rights to be en- joyed by the Filipinos. They are not to have the right of trial by jury nor of habeas corpus. The Pittsburgh Dispatch remarks that " these two things the islanders have never enjoyed, so they will not be missed " ! But no one can read the history of the events which led up -to the incorporation of these rights in the American system of government with-out realizing that they can not be removed from that system without leaving a ruinous gap in its guaran-tees of personal freedom. And it may well be ques-tioned how, without these rights, the guarantees made to the islanders under the new government are to be realized. It is provided, for example, that they shall not be deprived of life, liberty, or property " without due process of law," but " due process of law" means, in America, the privilege of trial by jury; and if the tendency to unwarranted invasion of personal liberty is so great here in the United States as to necessitate for the people the privilege of trial by jury and of habeas corpus, how much more must such privileges be necessary to the security of personal liberty in the Philippines, where rulers will not feel answerable to the people, and despotism can pursue its work with so much more safety and free-dom. The good intentions of the President will come to naught through the inherent badness of the sys-tem through which they seek to be carried into effect. .0 .0 A PROPOSITION to license clairvoyants is before Łthe Chicago city council. This class of persons have been recently put under the ban in Manchester, N. H., and opinion as to the propriety of permitting them in Chicago is not wholly in their favor. One resident writes to the Daily News advocating the prohibition of clairvoyancy as a misdemeanor, and opposing license on the ground that it would operate in favor of the wealthy clairvoyants and against the poor ones. The News adds that the proposed ordi-nance should be considered with unusual care, be-cause " to license clairvoyants is to give them a legal standing and to throw about their calling the re-spectability of law," which, in its opinion, would be practically the same as legalizing a fraud. Clairvoyants are undoubtedly frauds, but not all frauds can be rightfully prohibited by law. The line can not be drawn between clairvoyants and spizitualists, which are recognized as a religious sect. The question whether a person can hold communi- 