WHY SUNDAY LAWS ARE WRONG  71 ¥ (3.) Sunday legislation invades the conscience of the citizen. This is true of all religious legislation. Religion per-tains to the conscience ; it is a matter of faith. "Whatsoever is not of faith is sin." All true religious service must be voluntary. It must spring from the heart and be performed in love. But men cannot love what they do not believe in, nor what they believe to be wrong. To outwardly observe any religious institution in which a man has no faith, or which he believes to be wrong, is hollow mockery. To attempt to compel men against their consciences to render such outward observance is to outrage the conscience. It is to rob men of their dearest and most sacred right. There is no more reason nor justice in attempting to enforce Sunday or Sab-bath observance than in attempting to enforce any other religious dogma. The Sabbatic institution, like baptism, is purely religious. The only authority for either is the Word of God. The moment it is conceded that it is the duty of the state to enforce the Sabbatic in-stitution, that moment it must be con-ceded that it is the duty of the state to enforce baptism. Both institutions were established by Christ, both are enjoined in the Scriptures, both are religious, and both are a matter of faith with men. Neither can be truly and acceptably ob-served without faith. Take the institution of baptism. Some believe in it; others .reject it altogether. Those who believe in it differ as to what it is. Some hold that it is immersion ; others hold that sprinkling answers every purpose. Every one can see that it would be monstrous for the legislative branch of civil government to pass a law commanding every one of its citizens to be sprinkled. What a pitiful specta- cle it would be to see the police dragging unbelievers to the police courts to be prosecuted and fined for refusing to be sprinkled ! What a travesty on religion! What an outrage on the conscience ! But what is the difference in principle between Sabbath laws and baptismal laws ? Both are purely religious, and there is the same difference of opinion among men respecting each. Civil gov-ernment by right has no more to do with one than the other. It is no more unjust to compel men to be sprinkled than to compel them to observe Sunday. The great object of civil government is to protect men in -the, enjoyment of their rights. Freedom of conscience is one of these rights, and it is one of the dearest of individual rights. To en-force any feature of religion by- civil law upon the conscience is not the pro-tection, but the invasion of rights. This is a perversion of the power committed to civil government. (4.) Sunday legislation deprives men of their individual rights. We have al-ready shown that it invades the con-science and thus. robs men of their most sacred rights. But it goes further and interferes with other rights. For in-stance, the fourth commandment of the decalogue says: "Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work ; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work." Ex. 20: 8-1o. There are those who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week according to the reading of this com-mandment. Having refrained from la-bor on-the seventh day, they have the right, according to this divine law, to pursue their vocations on the other six days. This is a right given them by- 