A Massachusetts Solicitor on the Sunday Law With Special Reference to the Prohibition Against "Sport" SINCE writing our note of last week regarding the matter we have been favored by Mr. James M. Hallowell, city solicitor of Medford, Mass., with a copy of the opinion recently prepared by him in response to a request from the mayor of that city for advice as to his duty in view of a resolution of the city council directing him (the mayor) to suppress the playing of golf on Sunday on the links of the Medford Golf Club. Aside from the ruling as to the legality of Sunday golf playing, which has given it great notoriety, the opinion contains much that will be of interest to all inter-ested in the Sunday-law question, and that makes it a very worthy addition to the literature on this subiect. We are glad to present a good portion of it : Legislature Has Attempted to Improve Upon Fourth Commandment The Biblical command to the sons of men is: " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man-servant nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates." (Exodus, ch. XX : 8, 9, io.) The legislature has seen fit to depart, however, from the ad-monitions of the ten commandments, and in Revised Laws, c. 98 sec. 3, it has attempted to improve upon the Mosaic law by granting special legislative dispensation to many persons engaged in supplying what are supposed to be the conveniences if not the necessities of life. Among the essentials which it deems of such benign influence as to exempt.  them from the Biblical prohibition are the retail sale of to-bacco in all its forms, and the sale and delivery of newspapers. Under this legislative sanction I find that yellow journals of the most pro-nounced type, permeated with scandal and sensationalism, are every Sunday distributed and sold by Medford newsboys throughout the length and breadth of our city; while these boys and others are by law provided with an abundance of time to read and digest the stuff  by being forbidden to occupy their leisure time on that day by taking part in any other work, sport, game or play. An equally wise provision of the common law has likewise seen fit to grant unto 'the Lord's day the special privilege of be-ing the only day in the week upon which one may cheat another in a horse trade and retain his plunder; for a learned judge, since elevated to the Supreme Court of the United States, has said in a comparatively recent case which is still law : " No action can be maintained for a deceit practised in an exchange of horses oni. the Lord's day." (Hall vs. Corcoran, 107 Mass. 251.) The legislature has not, however, viewed the ordinary pastimes of the ordinary man with such favor. The law in respect to these reads as follows (Revised Laws, ch. 98 s. 2) : Whoever, on the Lord's day, keeps open his shop, warehouse or workhouse, or does any manner of labor, business or work, except works of necessity and charity, or takes part in any sport, game, play or public diversion, ex-cept a concert of sacred music or an entertain-ment given by a religious or charitable society the proceeds of which, if any, are to be de-voted exclusively to a charitable or religious purpose, shall be punished by a fine of not more than fifty dollars for each offense; and the proprietor, manager or person in charge of such game, sport, play or public diversion, ex-cept as aforesaid, shall be punished by a fine of not less than fifty nor more than five hun-dred dollars for each offense. This statute may have different meanings, depending upon the construction given it by the courts. I find upon examination of the cases, however, that, although the courts have placed a construction upon the " labor, busi-ness or work" clause, there has been no perti-nent construction as yet in any adjudicated case upon that part of the statute which uses the words " takes part in any sport, game, play or public diversion." I am forced, therefore, to examine the statute de novo, giving due con-sideration to the date of its enactment, the con-ditions attendant upon its passage, the evils it was intended to remedy, its applicability to-present times, and any other circumstances which may throw light upon its true mean-ing. Prohibition Against WorkŠFormerly More Liberal That part of the statute now in force which. prohibits a person from taking part in any 