SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way 01 Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. O Three small dealers were fined $2 each in Trenton, N. J., on February 16, for " selling on Sunday." Ł A bill requiring the closing of barber shops on Sundays and holidays was intro-duced in the Arizona legislature late in February. A young man living near Anderson, Ind., " pleaded guilty in Justice Lee's court to hunting on Sunday, and paid $39.10 for his experience," on January 3o. Ł At the request of the prosecuting at-torney of the county the Bellefontaine Coal & Ice Co., of Bellefontaine, Ohio, was compelled recently by the sheriff to stop the hauling of ice on Sunday from a lake three miles distant from the city. The city council of Grand Island, Neb., was recently petitioned by barbers of that place to pass an ordinance prohibiting the opening of barber shops on Sunday. The ordinance prepared by the barbers was referred to a committee, which, after con-sideration, reported against its passage. At the request of a committee from the local W. C. T. U. the town board of Wakarusa, Ind., recently adopted re-solutions instructing " the officers to strictly enforce the Sunday-closing law." The Citizen of that place says that as a result " we are compelled to .buy on Saturday or go hungry on Sunday." Two grocers of Duluth, Minn., were to have been tried in the municipal court  on March 5" on the charge of violating the Sunday ordinance by keeping their stores open." They agreed, however, " to keep closed Sundays hereafter," and the cases against them were dismissed. The prosecution " was instigated by the grocers' union." The W. C. T. U. of Council Bluffs, Iowa, having called upon the mayor of the city to prevent the giving of the-atrical entertainments on Sunday even-ings, it has been threatened by those favoring such entertainment's that if the campaign against them is continued " a general Sunday-closing crusade will be commenced, involving saloons, drug stores, meat markets, grocery stores, barber shops, news-stands, and every business that is not conducted by neces-sity or charity on the Sabbath." The W. C. T. U. will no doubt be very much pleased with such opposition to their demand. The members of the W. C. T. U. " base their request for Sabbath ob-servance at the theater upon the general State law on the subject." On the evening of February 15 a pa-trolman in Chelsea, Mass., " discovered twelve Poles, eight men and four women, one of them being under sixteen years of age, in a house in Front Street enjoying themselves in dancing." He promptly arrested them for " violation of the Lord's day." At the trial the next day three of the men and three of the women " were charged with participating in dancing [on Sunday], and the other six were charged with being present. The six charged with dancing were fined $3 each, 