REMEDIES FOR ROMANISM 277 society is found in the remotest antiqui-ty, and that after the rise and passing away of many an empire, traces of this great truth still remained deep and clear even in the mind of the heathen. The  godless theory of the constitution of so-ciety is as shallow as it is modern." The older, the truer, the Catholic mode of treating this subject is therefore the only one that I can adopt. Remedies for Romanism [Viewed from no other standpoint than that of the statistician, the Catholic Church is making enormous strides in the United States. Recently published statistics show that the increase in the number of communi-cants of that church in the last few years has been far in excess of the combined increase of all the larger religious bodies. The condition of affairs which this reveals calls emphatically for such instruction as that contained in the following article by the noted evangelist, Rev. G. Campbell Morgan, which appeared in the London (England) Christian a few months ago.] H  OW shall we, as evangelical Chris-tians, counteract the Romanizing movement in our midst? We look upon that movement as one of the greatest perils that threatens both church and state. The Romish apostasy began with cor-ruption of the minds of men from the simplicity and the purity that is in Christ (2 COr.  . II: 2, 2 ) , apart from which we cannot touch the sublimities of our holy faith. Underneath the doings and the teachings of the Romish Church there is a foundation of truth, and this makes the whole thing so difficult to deal with. Yet the fact just stated indicates the line along which, by God's grace, we may suc-cessfully combat a movement which is founded .in the obscuring of Christian verities and in playing upon the needs of the human heart. When divine truth is not fully declared, helpless men turn to counterfeits. We must seek to bring truth to light, that it may contradict er-ror. The dogma of papal infallibility is based upon human longing for authority in some final word to satisfy the question-ing heart of man. But that dogma denies the office of the Holy Spirit as Adminis-trator of the affairs of the church in the  absence of Jesus Christ, and degrades the idea of the catholic church by implying that one man can comprehend within himself all truth. Correction of the error will be found by practically recognizing the presence of the Holy Ghost in the midst of God's people; and realization of that truth will bring about the renuncia-tion of worldly methods of service. Until this be done platform protests will be powerless to save the nation from the pa-ralysis of popery. Sacerdotalism claims that so-called priests have certain rights of access to God which are denied to other men. These pretensions are based upon the soul's desire for spiritual guidance. Here the fulness of the work of Christ is de-nied, as well as the administrativeŁpower of the Holy Spirit in the believer. The error confines sacramental grace to a nar-row rivulet, concealing the fact that grace flows through the whole catholic church 18  The most godless theory of the constitution of society that has yet afflicted the world is that which is set forth in this articleŠthat which identifies religion and government. For when this theory is put into practise they who are in power assume the place and prerogatives of God, and do everything under the sun that they can to make all men recognize them as God, and to prevent any one from worshiping God in spirit and in truth. Such a constitution of society is as godless as it is possible for society to be con-stituted. 