UTE AND COMMENT 387 disastrous than war and creates a world-wide inquietude. There are unceasing troubles and misery among the people, provoking them to an anarchism which henceforth promises to con-stitute a formidable party of malefactors work-ing against all emperors, kings and presidents Šindeed, against all governments, and these governments must adopt decisive measures to defend genuine liberty, and must enforce the teaching of religion. Perhaps the condition of things may be somewhat exaggerated, for the Pope was seeking to impress the necessity for "the Church," the restoration of her tem-poral "rights," and governmental en-forcement of "the teaching of religion." But certain it is that socialism and an-archism are on the increase, but this is not due to an "excessive liberty," but rather to the "unceasing trouble and misery among the people." Notice, the form of expression is, "Governments must adopt decisive measures to defend genuine liberty, and must enforce the teaching of religion." That is the lan-guage which is very natural for the Papacy. Ł ŁOn Sunday, April 13, the funeral of Wade Hampton, of South Carolina, took place at Columbia amid a great sponta-neous demonstration of sorrow and re-spect which is said to have exceeded even that attending the specially pre-pared funeral of Calhoun. Thousands of people flocked to the city from all parts of the State, and affecting scenes were witnessed as the old men in gray, the few remaining survivors of the fa-mous Hampton Legion, looked for the last time upon the countenance of their beloved chieftain. General Hampton was the grandson of Major-General Wade Hampton who served with distinction under Marion and Suthter during the Revolutionary War. Although an oppo-nent of secession and a still more pro-nounced opponent of the slave trade,  General Hampton went with his State when it left the Union. fought with conspicuous gallantry throughout the Civil War, being wounded again and again, and at its close was a Lieutehant- General. Later he was governor of South Carolina, and represented his State in the United States Senate for many years. At the most critical time of the reconstruction period in South Carolina General Hampton restrained popular passion, directed public senti-ment, and opened the way for a peaceful solution of problems which threatened a local civil war. General Hampton was distinguished by his chivalry, sincerity, purity of motives and high sense of duty, and he evoked the warm personal affec-tion of all who knew him. He had just passed his eighty-fourth year, and he died of no special ailmentŠsimply suc-cumbing to the full tide of years. v Archbishop Ryan, of Philadelphia, has been appointed by President Roosevelt a member of the Board of Indian Commis-sioners, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Bishop Whipple, of the Epis-copal Church. This appointment is,com-mended by the daily press generally on the ground that as the Catholic Church "has a larger number of mission schools among the Indians than any other Christ-ian denomination, and has for many years been laboring most effectively in the education and moral advancement of the Indians, it should have representa-tion on the Board of Indian Commission-ers." And the Philadelphia Public Led-ger says that the selection of Archbishop Ryan is "an appropriate and graceful ac-knowledgement of the labors of the Church and a compliment to one of its most learned and distinguished clergy-men." Now the appointment of Arch-bishop Ryan as a member of the Board of Indian Commissioners may be all 