EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 645 Ł Ł that that decision, 'having never been appealed from or in other manner ques-tioned, will be held as declaring the law of this State." And we suppose that it is still so held by the New York courts. In this Lindenmuller decision, said the court of appeals, it was " held with great force of argu-ment that the Christian Sunday may be protected from desecration by such laws as the legislature in its wisdom may deem necessary." It was declared in the decision that " Christianity is a part of the common law of the State " " to the extent that entitles the Chris-tian religion and its ordinances to re-spect and protection, as the acknowl-edged religion of the people," and that liberty of conscience is entirely con-sistent with the existence in fact of the Christian religion entitled to and en-joying the protection of the law as the religion of the people of the State." So this decision upholding Sunday legislation in New York assumes, and very naturally, that there is a State religionŠa religion to which the law does and should give " protection " and compel " respect " as " the re-ligion of the people of the State." This is the Roman idea, and it was this idea that made Christianity in its early days a proscribed religion in the Roman Empire. It was also declared that " with us, the Sabbath, as a civil institution, is older than the gov-ernment," and " as a civil and political institution, the establish-ment and regulation of a Sab-bath is within the just power of the civil government." In conclusion it was declared that " the act is clearly constitutional, as dealing with and hav-ing respect to the Sabbath as a civil and political institution." Notice the inconsistency. First, the Sunday legisla:  tion is all right because " the Christian -religion and its ordinances " are entitled  "to respect and [legal] protection as the acknowledged religion of the peo-ple." Next, it is right because it is "as a civil and political institution " that the law deals with and has " respect to the Sabbath." That is, Sunday leg-islation is all right because it is in the interests of an ordinance of the Chris-tian religion which as such is entitled to " the protection of the law," and also it is all right and " clearly con-stitutional " because it is not as a re-ligious, but " as a civil and political institution " that the law protects " the Sabbath " ! A Baptist Paper on It is gratifying to the Sunday have from a leading Question religious journal even such a statement as the follow-ing with reference to the Sunday ques-tion, for there are few of the denomi-national organs that will go even this far in the mater. We quote from The Standard (Baptist), Chicago : Christian leaders do well to fight, and fight hard, against the tendency to increase Sunday labor and Sunday amusements. But every time that they confuse their arguments by reference to the religious sanctions of Sabbath observance, or even by the use of terms, such as " desecration," which involve religious principles, they harm the cause which they are trying to sup-port. The case stands thus : Legalism and the Christian use of Sunday have nothing to do with each other, either in the civil or in the religious sphere. For in the civil sphere legal regulation can and should go no further than to insure a day free in the main from enforced physical labor and to secure a reasonable quiet which promotes rest and prevents interference with wor-ship. And in the religious sphere the Christian use of Sunday is not a matter of law, but of enlightened liberty-2  not the Sabbath of the Pharisees, or even the Sabbath of the written law with its prohibition of a fire and its capital punishment for wood-gather- 