Fundamental Principles Involved in. Sunday Legislation* PERTINENT to the consideration of the question of Sunday legislation, it is well to glance at the field of social and civil liberty. Putting precedents and traditions aside, there are some fundamental truths which, being uni-versal, must always be recognized. This question of civil and religious lib-erty is not often discussed, and is scarcely ever considered in ordinary matters, although it is not a new one. In some form it has engaged the at-tention of men from the dawn of civil-ization. It has remained, however, for those forms of government of modern times, constitutional monarchies and republics, to bring these principles more fully to the surface. Such govern-ments are still young in the world's history, and hence these principles have not yet found adequate consideration. The conflict between liberty and au-thority is one of the conspicuous fea-tures of human history in the matter of civil government. The more highly civilized nations of former times, like Greece and Rome, and corresponding nations in modern times, have experi-enced this struggle in many forms. Perhaps the more general conception of civil and social liberty has been free-dom from the tyranny of political ru-lers. This tyranny has been a prom-inent factor in history, and hence there has been a corresponding disregard for the rights of the individual and of so-ciety. The gradual development of hu-man rights has been marked at various periods by agitations, revolutions, and political upheavals. The gaining of Magna Charta in 1240 A. D. is a repre-sentative case. Speaking in general terms, our own republic has reached a higher point of civil and social liberty *From the Sabbath Recorder. than most modern nations have reached, but much remains to be gained. Two general principles meet us at the open-ing of this consideration. First, every adult individual has the natural right to control his thoughts, actions, and purposes, without inter-ference by the law, in all matters wherein he is mainly or only concerned. Second, society, whether represented in public opinion or in enacted law, has the right to protect itself against such actions by the individual as are clearly and definitely injurious to the common good. The limit of interference with the rights of one individual by another individual is generally recognized, and is more easily fixed than is the limit at which interference by collective opin-ion ought to cease. But it is clear that there is a limit to the rightful and legitimate interference of collective opinion, and of the power of the state, with the rights of the individual. It is a fundamental truth that the only reason why men, individually or col-lectively, may interfere with the liberty and action of an adult member of so-ciety is self-protection. Power can be rightfully exercised over a given mem-ber of a civilized community against his will only when such power is nec-essary to prevent him from harming others. He may think and do much that is to his own disadvantage, phys-ically and morally, but he cannot be compelled to forbear thinking and do-ing such things for his own sake. That is a fundamental law of God's govern-ment, and ought to appear in all hu-man governments with equal distinct-ness. A man's fellows may remonstrate with him, persuade him, entreat him, but they cannot compel him 