782 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY In the Roman Republic conquest abroad prepared the way for conquest at home. The use of the military power abroad to crush opposition and resist- ance taught many of the leaders in the state that legions were far more effective and direct in settling disputes than argu-ments, and it accustomed them to assert-ing their own will and having it carried out regardless of the rights and wishes of others. And so when they became in-volved in the political strife of Rome they naturally turned to the legions of the Re-public, and at the least pretext used them in the place of arguments, speeches, and votes. The warning has already been sounded in the United States that somewhat similar results might issue from America's subjugation of the Fili-pinos. But it was hardly to have been expected that so soon that warning would have been justified and its philos-ophy shown to be true by such a pro-nouncement as the following by one of the leading journals of the country. This is an editorial which appeared at the head of the New York Sun's editorial page on October 13, under the heading, "Abroad and at Home" : Ł During the late armed resistance to United States sovereignty in the Philippines, the pub-lic demand that rebellion and its barbarities be put down without parley with the rebels and without terms was almost universal, and it prevailed. We were spared the humiliation and the damage to our authority involved in our submission to those who defied us. Why is not the same far-seeing patriotism and reso-lute loyalty to the flag and to the preservation of the rights it guarantees to its citizens, now guiding those concerned with the coal strike, officially or otherwise? Pennsylvania is in a state of anarchy be-yond the power of her entire guard to con-trol [at no time was there such a condition of affairs as would warrant this statement.ŠED. SENTINEL] ; and yet instead of an irre-sistible demand for a restoration of law and order without compromise, not a few people, among them public officials of high rank, are  holding soft conferences with the representa-tives of disorder and directly or indirectly, positively or negatively, some are even throw-ing the weight of their influence against the objects of their enmity. Dispute of the authority of our law at home is vastly more serious than resistance to it in the far-off savage country of the Philippines. Compromise there would have been deplor- able; here it would be fatal. Ł To the words given elsewhere from various prominent sources as to what the United States has done for Cuba, may be added these by ex-Senator John M. Thurston, in Leslie's Weekly of May 15 : Cuban independence comes as the free gift of the mother of republics to a people who were so enslaved and oppressed as to be ut-terly incapable of breaking their own chains. The war waged by this government against Spain was the first war ever waged by a na-tion untainted by some selfish purpose. . . . Never in government had it been contemplated that the duty of a nation extended beyond the protection of its own citizens until the Con-gress of the United States startled the world with a new declaration, that there is a re-sponsibility resting upon every great and powerful people to assist and protect and re-lieve those, their neighbors, from tyranny and oppression against which they are too weak to defend themselves. . . . We have pur-chased the freedom of Cuba by blood and treasure voluntarily offered as a sacrifice at the altar of liberty. We have demanded noth-ing from Cuba in return. Our gift to her is without condition and is accompanied by no demand for reciprocal favor or reward. And yet notwithstanding all this boast-ing there are many who are declaring to-day, many who have boasted, too, that the conduct of the United States toward Cuba as a whole has been anything but honorable and glorious. Among these is the New York Tribune, which, within a month of the time when, in the most glowing terms, it declared that "the promise of the United States is fulfilled" and "Free Cuba is an accomplished fact," felt it necessary to protest in the strong-est terms against "the veritable rape of 