THE RELIGION AND PUBLIC EDUCATION ISSUE 725 "This would be playing into the hands of the Roman Catholics ; it is what they have been demand-ing and working for, for many years past." Granted, but it would not be playing into their hands nearly as much as we are now doing by allow-ing them a substantial monopoly of the whole field of Christian education, and of all the blessings which are sure to flow from the noble self-sacrifice they are making rather than wantonly ex-pose their children to the inroads of un-belief. If the writeris not greatly mis-taken, unless our affairs take a turn for the better in the sight of Him whose parting commission to His church was, "Feed my lambs" ! for the rehabilita-tion of our institutions, we will be fly-ing, as frightened doves to the windows, to the Roman Catholic Church as the greatest power which, in troublous days, will stand for law and order and for the highest morality. . . . This question has ceased to be a point at issue between Protestantism and Roman Catholicism, and hai become one be-tween Agnosticism, established and en-dowed, and Christianity, disestablished and disendowed. State education touches for harm every one of our most disturbing national problems. . . . It is not enough to say that the system is vicious. We must show why, and how, it is vicious. 1. State education touches the negro problem for harm. . . . No nation was ever. guilty of wilder folly than we are now guilty of in attack-ing this discouraging problem with an almost secularized and Godless educa-tion. . . . 2. State education touches the divorce problem for harm. It does little in itself to strengthen the moral fibre of our children, and it deprives the church of one of her best opportuni-ties to do that kind of work so effec-tively as to reduce the divorce evil to the lowest possible point. The public school system comes between the church and her children for harm The gospel, as a result, has not free course in this country, and until it has, the divorce evil will increase, and church life and home life will continue to deteriorate, admittedly to the peril of our exist-ence as a nation. 3. State education touches the industrial problem for  harm. The less religion a people have the more quarrelsome, unreasonable, discontented, and suspicious of each other they become ; more and more watchful for self-interest; without re-gard to the public good. Religion binds the classes and the masses together, and makes them more considerate of each other's feelings. . . . 4. State educa-tion touches on political problems for harm, by multiplying the number of those whose votes go to the highest bidder, because they have not had prin-ciples of honesty instilled into their hearts and consciences in any effective way. 5. State education over-educates and over-stimulates countless numbers of people whose after lives give no adequate play for their enlightenment and unhappily acquired ambition. Hence, deserted farms, overcrowded cities, widespread and ever-increasing discontent. . . . 6. State education touches for harm the problem involved in the marked falling off in the number of candidates for the Christian min-istry. Our boys are growing up with-out feeling any deep sense of obliga-tion to the church. Their enthusiasm is chilled, or rather it is not called into existence. 7. State education touches for harm the problem involved in the falling off in church attendance, largely for the same reason. I do not find that the Roman Catholic Church, which pro-vides parochial schools for its children as far as it can, has complained of any falling off, either in the number of can-didates for the priesthood or in the atendance of people on divine worship. That church is, therefore, surely wise, yes, and patriotic, in putting her chil-dren under the highest spiritual obliga-tions to her as their divine mother. 8. State education is going to touch for harm our problems in Porto Rico and the Philippines, for the same reason that it has been a source of injury to us in the home country.' Nor is there a single ethical or spiritual problem that we have in common with other countries which state education does not touch for harm. . . . Can there be any surprise that one burdened with this belief is not to be silenced by fear lest the Roman Catholic Church should profit by a modification of our system 