244 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tested in a higher court." It is said that Lyeria, who refuses to close on Sunday, will "be prosecuted for each offense." A dispatch from Pottsville, Pa., under date of February 5, read : "The blue-laws are to be enforced in Minersville. To-day Henry Martz, a barber, was brought to Pottsville and fined $io for working on Sunday. The prosecution was brought by the barbers' union. It is said the milk dealers and street-car men also are to be prosecuted." The New York Bakers' Review re-ports that a bill is now in preparation and will soon be presented to the legislature which will "so amend Section 267 of the Penal Code as to prohibit the sale, or ex-posing for sale, or delivery, of pies, bread, cake, or any product of a bakery on the day devoted by all decent men to other than debasing drudgery," and de-clares that "the bill should pass." Kelly & Kennedy, oil producers of Parkersburg, W. Va., were tried Febru-ary 4 "on a charge of violating the Sab-bath." They had pumped oil from their wells on Sunday. They did not deny the fact, but claimed that the work was necessary, and that their property would have decreased in value had they failed to pump the wells on Sunday. The dispatch did not state the outcome of the trial. It is reported from Nebraska City, Neb., that "as the result of agitation by the Law and Order League, Mayor Mattes has ordered all places of business closed on Sundays." It is said that a similar order was issued last fall, but that on account of the dissatisfaction caused thereby, it was rescinded after  the second Sunday. But "now the may-or says things will be shut up on the Sabbath as long as he remains in office." Ł On January 27, to a deputation of prominent citizens who had waited on him concerning the matter, Mayor Low, of New York, expressed himself strongly in favor of local option on the question of Sunday saloons. He thought a spe-cial spring election should be held for this purpose, with the boroughs, and not the wards, as units. He favored also such a change in the law as would allow restaurants as well as hotels to serve li-quors on Sunday. The report comes from Cripple Creek, Cola, of the first "dry Sunday" known "since the inception of the gold camp eleven years ago." This was on January 19, and was brought about by the activity of "members of the Law and Order League." It seems that no effort was made to go further than to close saloons and dance halls. It would be well if the members of this league could be so active as to bring about such a state of affairs every day in the week. During the past month frequent bulle-tins have been sent out from the office of the Commissioner of Excise of New York announcing the revocation by that office of licenses held by saloon-keepers who had sold liquors on Sunday and otherwise violated the Liquor Tax Law. To the casual observer there appears to be an effort on foot to counteract the ef-fect of the recent making public of in-stances' of serious delinquency on the part of the commissioner's office. At the opening of the February term of district court at Mankato, Wis., Judge 