292 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY and this is attained only by direct com-munion of the soul with God. There is no place for intervening authority. In the truly Christian kingdom "they shall all know me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the Lord." Ł The church which wields the sword of the Spirit will never turn for power and defense to the sword of the state. "For the word of God is quick and powerful, and sharper than any two-edged sword." Not the sword which mutilates the body, but the sword which penetrates soul and spirit and reaches the thoughts and in-tents of the heart, is the weapon of the church of Christ. Ł We do not remember to have read any-where, not even in the works of the most critical students of the Papacy, a more plain and direct setting forth of the Cath-olic theory of the relation between church and state than is presented to our readers in this number from the pen of a Catholic writer. The doctrine of intolerance, without modification or limitation, is stated as plainly as it can be put. The civil and the ecclesiastical powers must be "united on the true basis of divine right," and when thus united neither is to "have any cognizance of tolerance." It must be "impossible that rebels against the one should find refuge with the other." All who incur the displeasure of "the Church" must feel the heavy hand of the state. Notice how through it all runs the idea of the earthly sov-ereignty of the church and the divinity of the state. The church is to govern the world conjointly with the state, and the state, by obedience to the church, is to work for "the glorification of God" and "the salvation of those subject to them." And thus the two "form one Christian Kingdom.:' But, it is admit- ted sorrowfully, the true, divine theory has in practise been compelled to suffer certain modifications at the hands of "positive human law," so that the ideal "Christian Kingdom" has not been per-fectly realized. But we suppose that when the Inquisition was in full swing in Spain that it was almost realized. This theory whereby church and state constitute "one Christian Kingdom" is identical with the "Christian nation" the-ory now so prevalent in the ranks of so-called Protestantism. It is worth while to remember that this statement of the Catholic theory of the relation between church and state was put forth by leading Catholic apologists themselves in a nominally Protestant country in the latter half of the nine-teenth century. It may be taken, there-fore, as not only a fair and unprejudiced representation of the position of the Catholic Church in this matter, but a rep-resentation of the position which she wishes recognized as her own in coun-tries where she was formerly detested chiefly on account of this very thing. A rather abstruse problem is presented by certain quotations given in this num-ber in which it is stated that religion and government are inseparable. We think, however, that a careful study of the first article in this number will throw some light upon it. This idea that society is a unit, and that religion should permeate and control it at every point, is based upon truth. Men are religious, and a so-ciety in which religion is supreme and all-pervading is that which corresponds with what is highest and best in man. In such a society was he originally placed. In that state would he ever have re-mained had he not sinned. But man sinned ; he ceased to be in harmony with the laws of perfect justice and rectitude, 