¥ . THE .GIESON "LORD'S DAY" TRIAL.  687,  our moral life, and in which is embraced our Christ-love and hope of salvation. No person who has obeyed its observance has ever come to punishment under any law; none for keep-ing its commandment have ever been brought to judgment. The violators of law, of the common peace and order of the community, and the morals of society, have been the per-sons who have violated the spirit of the Con-stitution of our Commonwealth, and have trampled our Sunday laws under their profane feet. . . And these persons have all justly deserved the pains and penalties which have been imposed upon them. The Lord's Day statutes have been framed to protect every charity; to guard every neces-sity; and to regard every right duty and con-scientious act which involve our citizens in any civil or religious responsibility; and in accordance with the moral and intellectual de-mands and progress of our secular and Chris-tian life. All good and moral-minded men and women should be anxious that these laws should be observed and enforced; and should be solicitous that gaming, rum-selling, general merchandise business, and all matters which tend to cause violence, disorders and disturb-ances of the public peace and breaking of the law, should be handed over to judgment. The time has come when all good, law-abiding per-sons must stand together in the defense of good government against the attacks of that horde who are, at all times, attacking the mor-al laws of the State and reviling the institutes of Christianity. There were several interesting tilts be-tween the judge and Mr. Gibson while this paper was being read, at one point the judge declaring that he was not too old to learn from the defendant, and Mr. Gibson replying that he was not there to instruct his honor, but to plead for jus-tice. When he came to that point Mr. Gibson asked if it were true that Massa-chusetts was a Christian and not an heathen or pagan commonwealth, since it was enforcing as the Lord's day an ob-servance that was of heathen and pagan ¥ origin ? and if it was not true that all the bloody persecutions of the past were car-ried on by governments that professed to be Chrsitian commonwealths, or repre-sentatives and defenders of true religion,  and which undertook, for that reason, to enforce what they denominated the law of God ? When he came to another point, Mr. Gibson raised his voice and solemnly asked the judge why, if it were true that the "Christian Sabbath" "has stood the shock and trial of the ages," if it were true that "the sins of. the world and the ravings of devils against it from the beginning of time to this day, have not shaken it," should civil magistrates be called upon to maintain it? Why should government not let it alone, since it was so secure? Why not let the Sab-bath alone and let men render to God that which is God's, and which He is abundantly able to maintain ? At another point Mr. Gibson inquired if it were true that none who have kept the Sabbath commandment have ever come to pun-ishment under any law ? if it were true that all who had suffered under the Sun- , day laws had justly deserved all the pains and penalties imposed upon them ? It seems that the judge offered no replies to any of these interrogatories. Mr Gib-son continued from this point as follows: Is it true, your honor, that a poor man who observes the Lord's day as he sees it, the sev-enth day according to the Scriptures, deserves to be deprived of one-sixth of the time he needs and should have for earning a livelihood, while at the same time wealthy corporations can carry on operations upon any and all days without hindrance? Is it true that I have de-served what I have suffered under the Sunday laws? I came into this court-room eight years ago with a sad heart. By the doctor's order I left my wife in an ante-room back of the hall at the Titeston Street Mission, that she might not undergo the strain of coming to court with me. And there I left her, ill and almost alone, to await my return. And the nervous strain had a sad outcome that I will not relate here. The anxiety on account of that trial, the boy-cotting of my business as a mason and con-tractor and my store, the profits from which went to carry on a mission, soon discouraged our hearts, and I lost the small equity in 'the mission property. Roger Williams was banished from this 