674.  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tences; religious liberty can be trampled upon in an article. We believe that even in a journal devoted to the defense of re-ligious liberty such sentences, such arti-cles, may appear. But while THE SENTI-NEL desires that many of its words shall be burning words of truth, it sincerely desires that what is published may be en-tirely free from any spirit of intolerance toward others, however different their views may be from its own. But of course the influence of the press in this matter, and this is but one of many influences which to-day operate without any connection with government, is due to its influence upon public opin- ion.  People are sensitive to and are affected by the opinions of others, and therefore they are hurt by that which places them in a disagreeable light be-fore others. But after all, so far as government is concerned, so far as its power can extend in the matter, religious freedom is simply a matter of neutrality toward religion by the government. It should protect all in their rights, but further than that it cannot protect them in religious free-dom. A man cannot say to government: "Here, I want my religious liberty pro-tected. I have changed my religious views and my employer has discharged me because of it"; or, "I want to observe a certain day as a holy day, to use it for religious purposes and exercises, but my employer says I must either work on that day or lose my position. This is an in-terference with my religious liberty; I want the law to protect me." That may be an interference with his religious liberty, but it is no such inter-ference as government can rightfully take cognizance of. As long as the em-ployer remains within his civil and legal rights the state has no right to interfere with him in requiring his employee to work on a certain day or in discharging  him because he will not work. He may do a mean and even a wrong thing in'do-ing so, and it may be somewhat of an interference with the religious liberty of another, but it is not a matter for which the law can afford a remedy. But this is exactly what has been at-tempted in this country, and it is on this very ground that Sunday legislation is defended to-day. It is assumed that a man is not protected in his religious lib-erty, so far as Sunday observance is con-cerned, unless the law steps in and, by prohibiting all labor and business on that day, removes the possibility of any pres-sure being brought to bear upon him by his employer to have him work on that day. Unless this is done it is held that the man is not protected in his right to rest. Of course this is a sort of protec-tion that it is not the business of govern-ment to give, else it would be the busi-ness of government to protect not only the Sunday observer, but the observer of any other day in like manner. And the matter would not stop there. It is the business of government to protect men in their right to work. It would therefore follow from the above reasoning that government should compel those who were able to furnish employment for all who are idle. If the protection of the right to do a thing means the removal of every possible impediment and difficulty that lies in the way of its being done, there would be no end to the absurdity and injustice in which government would become involved in the attempt to fulfil its purpose. That it is not the business of govern-ment to undertake any such task is dem-onstrated by the fact that it works against the very fundamental purpose of government. When government at-tempts to give men the sort of protection.  mentioned above it invariably denies to other men rights which it was instituted 