RELIGIOUS LIBERTY AND THE AUSTRALIAN CONSTITUTION 363 has soon bent under it, and cruelty and oppression have quickly followed. The evils resulting from such movements do not depend upon the particular religion professed by those concerned in them, but are inherent in the movements them-selves. The very principle of using civil power in religious things is wrong. The way for Profestants to keep other religious organizations out of Parliament is not for them to organize and get into Parliament themselves, as many seem to . think, but to teach all the people the Christian and true Protestant idea of civil government ; that no matter what men are in Parliament, or what party is in power, they must, in their legislation, deal only with civil matters, and leave religion to the individual conscience and to God. This is the principle embodied in the i x6th clause of the Australian con-stitution. And the fact that not only Catholics but professed Protestants are themselves seeking religious legislation, and power to enforce religious observ-ances upon the people by law, is evidence that they are departing from true Chris-tian and Protestant principles and adopt-ing principles against the practise of which on the part of others they have, in the past, uttered their loudest and most solemn protests. It is proof that there are none too many safeguards to the rights and liberties of the people in the Australian constitution as it stands. It would have been well if clause 116 had forbidden the States as well as the Federal government from intermeddling with re-ligion. Well did Mr. Barton, in the dis-cussion of this question in the Federal Convention, say : We must always recollect that humanity has a habit of throwing back to its old prac-tises. Since a couple of hundred years ago we have been tolerably free from sumptuary laws. But there is in many quarters a great dis-position to take to these laws again, and we may before many years have passed be over- whelmed with them. . . . Who knows that there may not be a similar throwing back in regard to religious laws? Yes ; this is the danger of the times. Men are drifting back into ways which have cursed the world in ages past. This was revealed in the remarks of an-other Federal delegate, already referred to, who, in opposition to the clause guar-anteeing religious freedom, said : If we give the right to an infinitesimal minority to come here and indulge in extraor-dinary practises, under the pretense that this is a new religion, we may have, all the theatres and all the music-halls in Australia open on Sundays. That was the ground upon which Christians were persecuted and put to death in the Roman empire in the early centuries. Rome had a law prohibiting any man worshiping by himself " any new or foreign gods " not recognized by the public laws. It further provided that whoever introduced " new relig-ions," the tendency and character of which were unknown, and whereby the minds of men might be disturbed, he should, if belonging to the higher rank, be banished, and if to the lower, be put to death. Notwithstanding Christ had told His disciples to go into all the world and preach the gospel, the Roman gov-ernment refused to " give the right " to the " infinitesimal minority " of Chris-tians to indulge in the " extraordinary practise " of teaching a " new religion," and so it put them to death, belonging as they did almost wholly to the lower ranks. And this is the position taken now by some of the men called together to frame a constitution for the latest na-tion on earth ! Evidently, as Mr. Barton observed, there is a tendency to go back to old practises, and to revive .again the making of religious laws whereby men's rights and liberties shall be abridged or ignored. How different the following noble ut- 