274 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Society of Christian Endeavor, the Christian Citizen-ship League, League for Social Service, the New Eng- land Sabbath Protective League, and other organiza- tions that might be named, all aim to establish in this country a union of the state with religion, which is the essence of the National Reform plan of government. The movement has been greatly furthered also by the Supreme Court decision of 1892, declaring the United States to be a Christian Nation, by the act of Congress in the same year closing the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday, declaring Sunday to be the Sabbath of the fourth commandment and enforcing its observance as such, and by State legislation, and de-cisions of the courts enforcing Sunday observance. The present is no time for relaxing the efforts made to, stay the progress of this church-and-state crusade. Its organized support was never more extensive in both church and state, and never more rapidly increasing; and never was it more strongly intrenched in public sentiment. The Sentinel now passes into the hands of an or-ganization whose whole energies are devoted to the furtherance of the cause of religious liberty, and oppo-sition to the schemes of religious intolerance. It is fit-ting that such a paper should be directed by such an organization. While the name is changed to one of slightly different signification, there is no change in the principles for which it stands or the results at which it aims. All that the American Sentinel has been as an exponent of the principles of free govern-ment and a defender of the rights of the people, will be realized in The Sentinel of Liberty, with as much more as can be gained from the increased facilities now placed at its disposal. And now we ask and expect from all those to whom this paper comes the same earnest cooperation and support they have so freely given to the American Sentinel. We shall expect even more enthusiasm in its behalf, as we are prepared to give more through it for the furtherance of the cause it represents. Call the attention of your friends to this paper and ask them to become readers of the new Sentinel. No pains will be spared to make the paper all that it should be as a sentinel guarding the rights and liberties of the people in the great crisis which the cause of liberty has now reached. s. The liberty to work on Sunday does not interfere with the liberty to rest on that day. There is no inter-ference with liberty until men invoke the compulsion of the law. Conscience, and not the civil law, must be the mo-tive power in every true reform. The trouble with the efforts at reform by law is that they do not take con-science into account. Liberty. The liberty for the defense of which this paper is set, is "the state of being free from the domination of others, as far as this may be without trespassing on the rights of others." That which goes beyond this is license. That which falls short of it is vassalage, or at best, toleration; and toleration instead of being liberty is a denial of it. Rights are God-given. They exist in the very na-ture, of things. They are in no sense derived from government, being only defined and protected by hu-man law. The sphere of civil government is thus ac-curately defined by Thomas Jefferson : "No man has a natural right to commit aggressions on the equal rights of another ; and this is all from which the laws ought to restrain him ; every man is undei the natural duty of contributing to the necessities of society ; and this is all the laws should enforce on him." Liberty does not admit of special privileges for any. A privilege implies one of two things ; either those to whom it is granted are permitted thereby to trespass upon the rights of others, or else those not enjoying the privilege are forbidden to do something which they have a perfect right to do. But whoever assumes either to authorize aggres-sions upon the rights of others, or to forbid the exer-cise of natural rights, is a tyrant. Nor is he less a tyrant who assumes to grant his fellow men the privi-lege of doing that which they have a God-given right to do. Toleration is in some respects the most hateful of all the myriad forms of tyranny known among men. Any people who accept it barter their birthright as freemen for a paltry mess of the serf's pottage. Every man has a natural right to relate himself to God in whatever way seems to him most fit, so long as in so doing he does not trench upon the equal rights of others. For instance, no man has a right to offer a human sacrifice ; and this not because in so doing he would shock the moral sense of those who hold such offerings to be abomination, but because he would de-prive a fellow creature of the natural right to life. And this principle is as broad and far-reaching as the relations of moral, social beings. RIGHTS ARE EQUAL. Nor does it make the slightest difference whether the rights of one or many are involved. The natural rights of a single individual differ not one iota from the rights of all the world. The heathen Chinaman, dwelling in one of our great cities, earning his bread in the most menial way, has the same right to set up his joss and to prostrate himself before it, and to offer incense to the dumb idol, that the richest and most nu-merous congregation has to erect the most stately cathedral and to worship the true God therein. The Creator made man free that he might form 