318 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY as soon as this list was received the chief of police would issue orders to the police "to take action against all those who are summoned to close up and who refuse to do so." Ł The "act to amend the Penal Code rela-tive to the sale of prepared meats, salads, and cheese on Sundays," introduced in the New York legislature by Representa-tive Adams, will amend section 267 of the Penal Code so that it will read as fol-lows: All manner of selling or offering for sale or delivery of any property on Sunday, is pro-hibited, except that meals may be sold to be eaten on the premises where sold or delivered elsewhere by caterers; and prepared tobacco, fresh milk, ice, and soda water may be sold in places other than where groceries, vegetables, spirituous or malt liquors or wines are kept or offered for sale, and except, also, that be-tween the hours of 5 and 8 in the evening, prepared meats and fish, salads and cheese may be sold. Fruit, flowers, confections, newspa-pers, drugs, medicines, and surgical appliances may be sold in a quiet and orderly manner at any time of the day. The bill has been reported upon fav-orably by the Committee on codes, and it is expected that the amended section will go into effect as law on May 1. What is gained is the privilege of selling meat, fish, salads and cheese for three hours on Sunday evenings. It is to be -hoped that some time the essential ab-surdity of such a statute as the above, with its reasonless distinctions and dif-ferentiations, will become apparent to legislators and the people alike. The Albuquerque (N. Mex.) Citizen recently published the following: "A Sante Fe committee, consisting of Hon. Arthur Seligman, Samuel G. Cartwright and J. W. Akers, accompanied by Attor-ney A. B. Renehan, presented to Governor Otero a numerously signed  petition, calling attention to the fact that the Sunday closing law is en- forced*  in the First judicial dis- trict, while common report has it that it is not enforced in the other ju-dicial districts, much to the detriment of Santa Fe in particular and to the business interests of the First judicial district in general. The petitioners ask that Gov-ernor. Otero exercise his power over the peace officers of the territory to urge them to enforce the Sunday law as strictly in one part of the territory as in the other. Governor Otero promised to take the petition under advisement and to act in strict accordance with the powers that thelaw confers upon him in matters of this kind." We suppose this refers to general Sunday closing, though it may be that it has reference only to the liquor traffic, although there is no intimation that such is the case in the above state-ment. The Portland (Me.) Argus predicts "a spasm of rigid Sunday observance be-fore long" in that city. It calls attention to "the extreme laxness which is shown by the city government and the police, as well as the sheriffs and various other kinds of officials, in the Sunday closing of places of business, or rather in their not being closed on Sundays," and con-tinues : "It is said that it is now pos-sible to buy almost everything in Port-land on Sunday except dry goods, and it might be possible to buy those on a pinch. There is a lot of alleged restaurants which take out victualers' licenses every year for the mere purpose of covering the sale of candy, cigars, fruit, and fancy groceries on Sunday. There are a num-ber of other lines of business in which there is coming to be a disregard of the limit betwefn Saturday night and Sun-day morning." The Argus says that 