LINCOLN ON THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE 543 Lure use. Its authors meant it to be, as thank God, it iS now proving itself, a stumbling-block to all those who, in af-ter times, might seek to turn a free peo-ple back into the hateful paths of despot-ism. They knew the proneness of prosperity to breed tyrants, and they meant when such should reappear in this fair land and commence their vocation, they should find left for them at least one hard nut to crack. I have now briefly expressed my view of the meaning and object of that part of the Declaration of Independence which declares that "all men are created equal." Now let us hear Judge Douglas' view of the same subject, as I find it in the printed report of his late speech. Here it is :  ¥ No man can vindicate the character, motives, and conduct of the signers of the Declaration of Independence, except upon the hypothesis that they referred to the white race alone, and not to the African, when they declared all men to have been created equalÑthat they were speaking of British subjects on this continent being equal to British subjects born and resid-ing in Great BritainÑthat they were entitled to the same inalienable rights, and among them were enumerated life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The Declaration was adopted for the purpose of justifying the colonists in the eyes of the civilized world in withdrawing their allegiance from the British crown and dissolving their connection with the mother country. My good friends, read that carefully over some leisure hour, and ponder well upon it ; see what a mere wreck Ñ man-gled ruinÑit makes of our once glorious Declaration. "They were speaking of British sub-jects on this continent being equal to British subjects born and residing in Great Britain !" Why, according to this, not only negroes, but white people out-side of Great Britain and America were not spoken of in that instrument. The English, Irish and Scotch, along with  white Americans, were included, to be sure, but the French, Germans and other white people of the world are all gone to plot along with the Judge's inferior races. I had thought the Declaration prom-ised something better than the condition of British subjects; but no, it only meant that we should be equal to them in their own oppressed and unequal condition 1 According to that, it gave no promise, that, having kicked off the king and lords of Great Britain, we should not at once be saddled with a king and lords of our own in these United States. I had thought the Declaration contem-plated the progressive improvement in the condition of all men everywhere ; but no, it merely "was adopted for the pur-pose of justifying the colonists in the eyes of the civilized world in withdraw-ing their allegiance from the British crown and dissolving their connection with the mother country." Why, that object having been effected some eighty years ago, the Declaration is of no prac-tical use nowÑmere rubbishÑold wad-ding left to rot on the battle-field after the victory is won. I understand you are preparing to cel-ebrate the "Fourth" to-morrow week. What for? The doings of that day had no reference to the present, and quite half of you are not evert descendants of those who were refefred to at that day. But I suppose you will celebrate, and will even go so far as to read the Declaration. Suppose after you read it once in the old-fashioned way, you read it once more with Judge Douglas's version. It will run thus: "We hold these truths to be self-evident that all British subjects who were on this continent eighty-One years ago were created equal to all British sub-jects born and then residing in Great Britain." And now I appeal to youÑto Dem- 