AN INDICTMENT OF NEW YORK'S SUNDAY LAW Š X 75 What religion is that Which ob-structs with iron bars the public high-way, the common right of all, lest pass-ing carriages should interrupt devo-tion ; and at the same time permits its professors to ride in coaches past other's churches to their own, while it prevents others passing theirs Łfor the like or other purposes? What religion is that which allows vessels to go and come from sea on Sunday, and which at the same time interdicts traveling by land, and aims to prevent inland navigation * as li-centious? By what species of logic can the go-ing and coming of vessels to and from sea on Sunday be called a work of ne-cessity or charity, and the sailing of vessels up and down our rivers and canals be proscribed as an act of im-morality? What religion is that which allows, nay, which obliges, steamboats, horse-boats and other ferryboats, for the ac-commodation of people traveling on business or for pleasure, to ply across our rivers on Sunday, and would inter-dict others plying up and down the same rivers for the like or other pur-pose, as an act of immorality ? What religion is that which allows one man or one sect to judge another "in respect to the sabbath days"? What religion is that which claims for its professors a right to work, play and traffic on the Sabbath day of others and withholds from others their equal right to work, play, and buy and sell -on theirs? What religion is that whose profess-ors oblige others to respect their "sab- bath dayS" more than they hold them-selves bound to respect the "sabbath days" of others? *Attempts have frequently been made to pre-vent travelling on the canals on Sunday, and to stop the put lie mail. What religion is that which claims for its votaries a right to act agreeably to their own conscience "in respect to the sabbath days," and obliges others to act against their conscience and to conform to religious tenets they dis-believe? What religion is that which esteems "one day above another," and forbids others the equal right "to esteem all days alike "? What religion is that which holds mankind in bondage to those "beg-garly elements," the observance of "days," and "times," etc.? What religion is that which in so many instances allows one portion of the community to do by others as they will not allow others with impunity to do by them? To these and other questions of the like import which I might propose the same answer may with truth be given; viz., that it is a religion inconsistent with itself, inconsistent with the equal rights of man, adverse to the free ex-ercise and enjoyment of his religious opinions as guaranteed by the consti-tution of this State, and consistent only with the provision and operation of the law on which we are treating, and which exactly tallies with it! Incon-sistency is error. Truth alone is con-sistent with truth. There can be, but one true religion, and that to be true must be consistent, not only with itself, but with every other truth. But such a mass of inconsistent, heterogeneous measures as are indicated by the ques- tions last proposed, and which are pro-duced and attempted to be enforced by the law in question, is neither the emanation of a true religion nor the result of a sound civil policy. Ł Again, it is said that religion teaches and enjoins on man his duty to God; and morality, the duty of men to each other. Whether this definition is , eor- 