THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY.  695 olic Church. And not without cause, for without morality the state can not endure." It is interesting to note how much the Pope finds in common between the young republic of the New World, the great distinction of which has been the fact that it has in principle and largely in practice utterly divorced church and state and repudiated and denied the use of force in matters of opinion and religion, and the old sorceress of tyranny of the Old World whose chief distinction is that of occu-pying the highest place " among the contrivances which have been devised for deceiving and oppres-sing mankind." And it is interesting, too, to note with what care he manufactures the basis for the conclusion that this republic "ought to be conjoined in concord and amity with the Catholic Church." This conclusion is the key of his encyclical; and the quotations thus far made are a fitting introduction to the para-graph to which especial attention should be given. The Papacy and the Fathers of the Republic. But first, we can not forbear a few remarks re-lating to the quotation just given. There may have existed the utmost friendship between John Carroll, the first bishop of Baltimore, and Washington and other great Americans of that day, but it does not follow by any means that the Catholic system .was especially in favor among therri, or that they felt at all the need of the " motherly embrace " of the church or that " the United States ought to be conjoined in concord and amity with the Catholic Church " in the sense in which the Pope uses these words. When, in 1783, the Pope, through his nuncio at Paris, made overtures to Franklin on the subject of appointing an apostolic vicar for the United States (extending, as it were, the arms of the church for the " motherly embrace "), he was informed that the subject, being purely spiritual, was not a matter with which the American Government could properly have anything to do. James Madison and others in Virginia considered it of the utmost im-portance to oppose a measure because they saw in it that which would "lead us back to the church of Rome." The first Continental Congress, in its me-morial addressed to the people of Great Britain; written by John Jay, used these words in speaking of the establishment of the Catholic religion by the English government in a portion of the Dominion of Canada: " Nor can we suppress our astonishment that a British parliament should ever consent to  establish in that country a religion that has deluged your island in blood, and dispersed impiety, bigotry, persecution, murder, and rebellion through every part of the world." Honor should be given to whom honor is due, and it may be and doubtless is true that John Carroll is entitled to the credit and honor of having done what he could to aid the colonies in securing their independence, but it will never be possible for Leo XIII. or any one else to show that the Catholic Church is entitled to any credit or any honor for the Declaration of Independence and the setting up of a government on its principles. The consideration of these things showing the real drift of the encyclical makes it necessary to leave until next week the important paragraph. JOHN D. BRADLEY. A TALE OF TWO NATIONS. The Fathers: The Consent of the Governed, and the Party Spirit." No one can read the history of the infancy and early childhood of these United States and not be-come deeply impressed with the sacred reverence in which the Fathers held the pillars of priceless principle upon which the sheltering roof to so many millionsÑthe Constitution of the United States, was upreared. In the speeches, the letters, and the state papers of the time this everywhere appears. There is a rich fervor of righteousness and truth in them all. There is manifest a wealth of honesty and robust-ness of true life which is indeed refreshing, There ¥ is an entire absence of cant and catchy phrase mak-ing, and in its place a steady stream of loyalty to those principles of government to which they had pledged " their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor." " It would be unbecoming," said President John Adams when Congress first met at Washington, " the representatives of this nation to assemble for the first time in this solemn temple without looking up to the Supreme Ruler of the universe and implor-ing his blessing. " May this territory be the residence of virtue and happiness! In this city may that piety and virtue, that wisdom and magnaminity, that con-stancy and self-government which adorned the great character whose name it bears be forever held in veneration! Here and throughout our contry may 