374 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the people and crowded the universities which still exist. The Church the enemy of liberty ! In every age it has defended the feeble and the op-pressed against the arrogant dominion of the strong. It has 'demanded liberty of Christian conscience while pouring out in torrents the blood of its martyrs. It has largely contrib-vted both to introduce and maintain civil and Łpolitical liberty in the heart of the nations. The Church the usurper of the rights of the state! Why, the Church knows and teaches that her Divine Founder has commanded us to give to Caesar what is Caesar's and to God what is God's, and that He has thus sanctioned the immutable principle of an enduring distinction between those two powers which are sovereign in their respective spheres, a distinction which is most pregnant in its consequences and emi-nently conducive to the development of Chris-tian civilization. Yes, of course, everybody knows that "the Church" has always been the ardent champion of "the immutable principle of an enduring distinction between" church and state ! She has always laid so much stress upon the commandment, "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's" ! All the above will do very well for as-sertion, but it will assume a different complexion when the facts are examined. It may be that Catholics believe all this, and that even the Pope believes it, as it is his and their privilege to believe if they want to, but no one can believe it who has regard for the indisputable facts of history. The "Church" has always professed to be on the side of advance-ment, knowledge, liberty, etc., and never was she more vehemently sure of it than when she was doing most to retard ad-vancement, destroy knowledge, throttle liberty and usurp political dominion. We are told that "the Church never changes," and if this be true why should any one assume and assert that she is fundamen-tally different now from what she was when the Waldenses were harried to  death by the papal dragoons, when the Huguenots were butchered, when the Jews were terribly persecuted, and when the "Holy" Inquisition was in full swing? It is very true that in this age the Pa-pacy has to present herself in a different aspect; she has to put forth such prepos-terous claims as we have quoted above,. but it does not argue that she has changed at all. It rather shows that she is the same wily power and pursues the same crafty policy as in the times that are past. "It is part of her policy to as-sume the character which will best ac-complish her purpose; but beneath the variable appearance of the chameleon she conceals the invariable venom of the ser-pent." It has not been forty years yet since the head of the Roman system, in an encyclical perhaps as important as the one from which we have quoted, declared that "the absurd and erroneous doctrines. or ravings in defense of liberty of con-science, are a most pestilential errorŠa pest, of all others, most to be dreaded in a state." In a state, mind you, not in a church. And in the same year he anathe-matized "those who assert the liberty of conscience and of religious worship," also "all such as maintain that the Church may not employ force." And yet we are told that in every age "the Church" has been the great champion of liberty ! According to this jubilee encyclical those who look at "the Church" in the light of history and the logic of her own declarations and fundamental doctrines, are "children of darkness." It may be so. If it is, then we are living in an age of great darkness, and what has been commonly supposed to have been the Dark Ages was really the age of the children of light. The Christian Work sees "no occasion for such a commission" as that to be sent 