406 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY " Monsignori Rooker and Dougherty, the newly consecrated bishops of two dio-ceses in the Philippines," " His Holiness recommended that they should exercise a conciliatory policy toward their Filipino flocks, and spoke admiringly and affec-tionately of the United States and of President Roosevelt." One New York paper headed the latter dispatch, " Leo Lauds Roosevelt." We have before noted that in April the President " sent to Cardinal Gibbons and his eminence forwarded by special messenger to Pope Leo " " ten handsomely bound volumes " and an " autograph letter " as " a gift to be presented to the Holy Father on the celebration of his jubilee." " The audi-ence for the presentation to the Pontiff of President Roosevelt's jubilee gift took place in the Pope's private apartments " on May 7. " The Pope expressed him-self as being much pleased with the gift and spoke in the highest terms of Presi-dent Roosevelt, and said : I will send him an autograph letter to show my grat-itude.' " So on his departure from Rome the messenger, " Rev. Father Van Ant-werp," bore with him " an autograph let-ter from the Pope to President Roose-velt, thanking the latter for his jubilee present and expressing the Pope's ap-preciation of the compliment. " Father " Van Antwerp was to sail from Cher-bourg on May 13, and on his arrival in this country was " to go to Wash-ington to deliver the letter and report on the result of his mission to President Roosevelt." The books sent were the " Messages and Papers of the Presi-dents." The President's autograph dedi-cation was as follows : Offered with the most cordial compliments by Theodore Roosevelt, President of the United States, through His Eminence Cardinal Gibbons, to His Holiness Leo XIII on the occasion of his Pontifical Jubilee. Washington, March 15, 1903. So, though no official representative  from the United States attended the Pope's jubilee celebration, the President of the United States has done something to recognize and honor " His Holiness Leo XIII on the occasion of his Pontifi-cal Jubilee." It is not a very serious matter, but it establishes a precedent that can lead to very serious things that are very desirable on the part of the Papacy. And there are already more important things than this which inspire the ad-miration of the Pope for the President. Ł In response to a call issued by the ministerial union of Fremont, Ohio, " a goodly number of the ministers of San-dusky County assembled in the Presby-terian church " in Fremont on May 25 for the purpose of considering " the pre-vailing and increasing spirit of lawless-ness and immorality that exists in our county, especially that of intemperance, Sabbath desecration, and licentiousness." These were stated to be " matters which have come before us in our work as ministers of the gospel, and in which we are alike interested." After " a very spir-ited discussion " " several ringing reso-lutions " were adopted in the name of " the pastors of the various Christian churches of Sandusky County, Ohio." After declaring that " the open Sunday saloon and Sunday baseball " " are spe-cifically and unequivocally prohibited by the law of our State," it was " resolved " that " the maintenance of the majesty of law by its prompt and effective en-forcement against all violators is a matter of paramount importance, and is abso-lutely necessary to the morality, peace and prosperity of our county " that " it is the sworn duty of the executive of-ficer, be he sheriff, mayor, chief of police, or marshal, to see that the laws are en-forced and violators brought promptly to justice, and when such executive fails to do his duty he proves himself unworthy of his office and undeserving of the suf- 