SUNDAY LEGISLATION FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 493 information is being elicited, that all grievances will be considered, that any measures necessary to the protection and re-establishment of the prosperity of our dependents will in due time be instituted, and that, in the light of the fullest possi-ble knowledge of the facts and condi-tions, the American people may form their judgment of the policy so far pur-sued, as well as that to be adopted in the future." It is set forth that no satisfac-tory results can be obtained by such an  investigation as that which has been con-ducted at Washington, chiefly because "one side, in a conflict of races, is de-barred from testifying," and "remains substantially unheard." The petition was signed by Charles Francis Adams, An-drew Carnegie, Carl Schurz, Edwin Burritt Smith, and Herbert Welsh, who act in the matter in behalf of "persons, irrespective of party, interested in the policy pursued by the United States toward the Philippine Islands." Sunday Legislation for the District of Columbia By Gen. Wm. Birney, Washington, D. C. FROM 1896 to 1899, inclusive, the leader in the attempts to have a Sunday law enacted for this District was Rev. Mr. Crafts, Secretary of the Na-tional Reform Society. Being beaten off every time, he suspended his efforts for a time, but they are now renewed in the present session of Congress. The present time is quite favorable for a renewal of the war. Congressmen have to go before the people this autumn for reelection ; and an alliance has been patched up between the Federation of Labor, through President Gompers, and the National Reform people; and one of the District Commissioners (Mr. Mcfar-land) is an active partisan and an able worker for Sunday legislation. Senator Hoar, who has great influence in Con-gress, is understood to be strongly in fa-vor of "civil-rests  Sunday legislation "for religious uses," and our strenuous Pres-ident is claimed to be on that side also. Some of those in Congress who ordi-narily would oppose such legislation seem to be too timid just now to risk the dis-pleasure of fanatical church members and ¥ the consequent loss of their votes. It is evident, and the friends and upholders of the principle of separation of church and state may as well face the fact, that we have before us a harder fight than any that has yet had to be made in Washing-ton on this point. For many years the only Sunday laws enacted here were those against liquor saloons and barber shops. There has been no law against opening other places of business or amusement. But the peo-ple like one day in seven for rest, reading, religion, recreation and reunions ; and more than nine-tenths of them observe Sunday as a holiday or holy day. The churches are fairly well attended in the morning during the cool season. At a rough guess, from sixty to a hundred thousand, out of a population of two hundred and eighty thousand, go to church. The day is quiet, more so than in most American cities. No religious congregation has been disturbed by out-siders. No theatres are open, except for concerts. People go to out-of-town re-sorts in large numbers. A few boys play 