174 Y HE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Display and gorgeous magnificence is the fruit of pride and the love of power, and this is the fruit that has been exhibited to the world very conspicuously in the celebrations by which the Papacy has marked the twenty-fifth year of the pon-tificate of her present head. There have been so many celebrations that it is be-wildering to keep track of them all. At the beginning of the year there were cele-brations of great magnificence and gran-deur in Rome that were participated in or attended by not only " Church " dig-nitaries and representatives from all parts of the world, but also by civil dignitaries and representatives from most of the rulers and governments of the world, and the year has just been closed with dem-onstrations even exceeding in display and magnificence those with which it was begun. It would be very appropriate to present in this issue descriptions of these celebrations, but lack of space forbids. We will only say here that we are told in the press that at the celebration on Feb-ruary loth of the " twenty-fifth anniver-sary of the election of Leo XIII. to be the head of the Roman Catholic Church," the Pope " wore gorgeous robes and had a triple crown on his head," and was presented with " the golden keys, which are symbolic of the pontifical authority " ; and that at the celebration on the 3d instant of the " twenty-fifth anniversary of the coronation of Pope Leo," which " was celebrated with all the ,grandeur and impressiveness associated with the high ceremonies of the Catholic Churcl," and at which " there were about 73,000 people present," the Pope sat upon " the gilded throne near the high altar," and as he was borne away on the sedia gestatoria by " twelve men in costumes of red," " many princes, cardinals, diplomatists, and bishops bowed low, and the crowd saluted him frantically in ten different languages." So we do not have to go back to the Middle Ages in order to be- hold papal splendor and magnificence, nor to see priests and potentates bowing low before a Roman pontiff. 4,  " Sin originated in self-seeking " ; and so did the Papacy. 4 " Christ founded not only a pontifical but a royal sovereignty, and committed to Peter the rule both of an earthly and a heavenly kingdom," wrote Innocent IV. " It [the Church] has been set over the nations and over the kingdoms to root up and pull down.. .. We therefore assert, define, and pronounce that it is necessary to salvation to believe that every human being is subject to the pontiff of Rome.' So declared Boniface VIII., ex cathedra. " As Jesus Christ is recognized as the Pontiff, King, and Lord of the universe,,  so his vicar upon earth can have no equal. And since the whole world belongs to God, it should equally appertain to the pope. Emperors, kings, and princes can-not then be recognized as lawful unless they have received their states as fiefs from the chief of the Church, who pos-sesses this immense power, not by the right of the sword, but by divine right. . . . He [the pope] alone promulgates law;-he alone is absolved from all law. He alone sits in the chair of St. Peter, not as mere man, but as man and God .. . .His-will is law; what he pleases has the force of law." So wrote John XXII. " He who reigneth on high, to whom is given all power in heaven and in earth, hath com-mitted the one holy Catholic Church, out of which there is no salvation, to one alone upon earth, that is, to Peter, the - prince of apostles, and to the Roman pontiff, the successor of Peter, to be gov-erned with a plenitude of power. This one he hath constituted prince over all' nations, that he may pluck up, overthrow, disperse, destroy, plant, and rear." Thus Pius V. began his bull against Queen Elizabeth. " To thee is given all power - 