SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  719 who had been arrested for barbering on the preceding Sunday, determined to test the ordinance, and through his lawyer admitted the charge and contended that the right to do such work "was one of the `inalienable rights' guaranteed by the or-ganic law of the land." Assistant City Attorney Butler opposed this contention, and the two attorneys cited many au-thorities on the question. At the conclu-sion of the argument the magistrate "de-cided to give organized labor the benefit of the doubt, and fined McClelland $25 and costs." It was expected that the "boss" barbers would "arrange to take the case to the highest courts." According to a dispatch, A. B. Hoff-man, a morocco manufacturer in Lynn, Mass., "undertook to operate his factory" on Sunday, August 17. But the machin-ery "disturbed the peace and quiet of the locality and jarred the Christian sensi-bilities of the residents." Soon "the tel-ephone wires leading into police head-quarters were busy ; people on their way to church dropped in wherever a tele-phone was available and notified the po-lice officials that the Sunday law was be-ing outrageously violated." In obedi-ence to imperative orders from police headquarters Mr. Hoffman closed down and sent his workmen home. This is said to be "the first time in the history of Lynn that a factory attempted to work on Sunday and was prevented." The im-plication is that at other times factories have run on Sunday in Lynn without molestation. At the request of the retail butchers' association in Newark, N. J., the Essex Trades Council in July declared "an of-ficial boycott upon all places that persist in keeping their shops open on Sundays. The names of the owners of the shops  were given, and the secretary of the Council was directed to send a copy to all the unions affiliated with the Essex trades Council, with the request that every member use his influence to have friends discontinue purchasing meat or other articles of food from any butcher who refuses to close his store on Sun-day." This is indicative of the circum-stances that will lead organized labor, though not directly concerned, to bring its power to bear in behalf of Sunday en-forcement. The labor unions and trades councils will feel that it is their duty to aid the clerks and others in securing strict Sunday closing. According to a dispatch a quarrel and fight "over the question of threshing on Sunday" took place on a farm near Ko-komo, Ind., on August 17. It seems that half the threshing crew "wanted to run the machines on Sunday and the other half obejcted." Fists, forks and clubs were used, and three men were badly in-jured. The dispatch says "the 'sacred Sabbath' faction won the fight." This certainly sounds peculiar, to say the least, but after all there is not much difference between the method by which "the 'sacred Sabbath' faction" won its fight in this case and 4he method that is so commonly employed throughout the country by min-isters and others in behalf of "Sabbath" observance, and which gives rise to the items in these columns. In the matter of Sabbath observance there is no difference in principle between an appeal to law and courts and an appeal to fists and clubs. Three ball players were recently ar-rested at Little Falls, N. Y., for "violat-ing the Sunday law." They were prac-tising on a ball ground just preceding a game, which was played through as soon as the arrested players had had a prelim-inary hearing. When the trial took 