EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 407 frages of the people "; that " we will im-mediately take steps to secure the sense of the city and county on this subject of Law violation and Law enforcement, and communicate the same in proper form to the executive officers of our county and the different municipalities "; that " we will begin a campaign of agitation throughout the county with a view to cultivating public sentiment on this sub-ject and furnishing to our executive of-ficers that moral support in the discharge of their duties which they of right de-serve " ; that " we proceed immediately to the organization of a voters' league, without party or creed, which shall stand for civic righteousness, the execution of existing laws, the maintenance of good government, and the defeat at the polls of all candidates who are opposed to these issues." In conclusion a call was issued for a convention of " representatives of the different civic leagues, and other pa-triotic bodies, and such organizations as are seeking the promotion of the moral welfare of the people of the county," to be held in Fremont on June 23 for the organization of a voters' league of the sort described. This instance is a fair illustration of the work of " civic right-eousness " to which the clergy are more and more devoting themselves. It means the transformation of the preacher into a political worker. While most of the ends aimed at are excellent, one of the very foremost things, if not, indeed, the very chief thing, in this work of " civic righteousness " is the prevention of " Sabbath desecration " by law. Sab-bath desecration is an evil, but the attempt to suppress it by law is a greater evil. To enforce religion by law is itself law-lessness. Of all people the clergy should know that " law enforcement " is a very poor way of opposing " the spirit of law-lessness." This spirit can be effectively opposed only by cultivating and getting into the people another spirit, and surely  ministers of the gospel should know of a better way of doing this than by " the execution of existing laws " and the de-feat of candidates at the polls. The quotations presented in an article on another page as representing the spirit and purpose of " National Reform " are utterances that were made quite a num-ber of years ago. Such bale and bpld avowals of intolerance are now not so common with the " National Reform " advocates, at least they do not appear in print, but the fundamental principles and purposes of the movement, with which these utterances wee in perfect accord and in which lie its danger and menace, remain exactly the same, and are avowed and advocated to-day the same as twenty or thirty years ago. Thus the annual report of the " National Reform " As-sociation for the year ending June 1, which has just been published in its organ, the Christian Statesman, says : The work of the Association is based on these fundamental principles, viz.: That civil society is a divine institution and not merely a human device or arrangement; that Almighty God is the source of all just authority and power in civil government; that the Lord Jesus Christ is the divinely appointed Ruler of nations ; that all nations and governments are commanded to acknowledge Him, and to make his revealed will the supreme rule of their conduct; and that the will of Christ as revealed in the laws of nature, and especially in the Holy Scriptures, is the supreme standard to which all civil acts and policies are under infinite obligations to conform. It goes on to state that " to make these principles effective and dominant in the life of the nation, it is necessary . . . to resist and oppose all measures which are in conflict with them, and to seek the enactment of such measures and the adoption of such policies in local, State and national affairs as shall best pro-mote a true and consistent national Christianity." " This," it is declared, " is the purpose of the National Reform As- 