758 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY subject free people, but to deliver such as were enslaved ; so that the one under the protection of the Roman name might always retain their liberty, and the other who were under the rule of kings, might be treated with more lenity and justice by them, through consideration for the Romans; or that, whenever war should arise between those kings and the Roman people, the nations might know that the issue of those wars would be victory for the Romans and liberty for them.ŠFrom Book XX, Art. I., Rollin's "Ancient History." It must be confessed that this people, [the Romansh on certain occasions show such a moderation and disinterestedness, as ( judging of them from their outside) exceed everything we meet with in his-tory, and to which it seems inconsistent to refuse praise. Was there ever a more delightful or more glorious day than that in which the Romans, after having carried on a long and dangerous war, af-ter crossing seas and exhausting their treasures, caused a herald to proclaim in a general assembly that the Roman peo-ple restored all the cities to their liberty, and desired to reap no other fruit from their victory than the noble pleasure of doing good to nations, the bare remem-brance of whose ancient glory sufficed to endear them to the Romans ? The de-scription of what passed on that immor-tal day can hardly be read without tears, and without being affected with a kind of enthusiasm and admiration. Had this deliverance of the Grecian states proceeded from a principle of gen-erosity, void of all interested motives, had the whole tenor of the conduct of the Romans never belied such exalted sentiments, nothing could possibly have been more august or more capable of do-ing honor to a nation. . . . Nothing could be more gentle and  equitable than the conduct of the Ro-mans in the beginning. They acted with the utmost moderation toward such states and nations as addressed them for protection. They succored them against their enemies, took the utmost pains in terminating their differences and in sup-pressing all commotions which arose amongst them, and did not demand the least recompense from their allies for all these services. By this means their authority gained strength daily, and prepared the nations for entire sub-j ection. And, indeed, under pretense of offer-ing them their good offices, of entering into their interests, and of reconciling them, the Romans rendered themselves the sovereign arbiters of those whom they restored to liberty, and whom they now considered, in some measure, as their freedmen. They used to depute commissioners to them, to inquire into their complaints, to weigh and examine the reasons on both sides, and to decide their quarrels. . . . From arbiters and mediators, being become supreme judges, they soon assumed a magis-terial tone, looked upon their decrees as irrevocable decisions, were greatly of-fended when the most implicit obedience was not paid to them, and gave the name of rebellion to a second resistance. . . . Although it is difficult to affirm, and still more so to prove, that this people had from the first formed a plan in order to conquer and subject all nations, it cannot be denied but that if we examine their whole conduct attentively, it will appear that they acted as if they had a foreknowledge of this ; and that a kind of instinct had determined them to conform to it in all things.ŠFrom "Reflections on the Conduct of the Romans with Regard to the Grecian States," at the end of Sec. VII., Rollin's "Ancient History." 3 