SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 459 grocery stores in the city." Circulars have been sent to all the grocers of the city in which it is set forth that "it is both a moral and a State law for the retail grocers to close Sundays," and "those who violate this law are liable to both a fine and imprisonment, and may pay more in fines than their entire day's sales amount to on Sunday." It is de-clared that "over nine-tenths of the gro-cers of this city close on Sunday," and the significant inquiry is made : "Are you endeavoring to take advantage of them because they observe the laws, and to secure trade which does not rightfully belong to you ?" The president of the grocers' organization has announced that all grocers who fail to heed the second warning to close on Sunday will be pros-ecuted under the State Sunday law. :Ł Sunday ball playing has occasioned some stir in West Nashville, Tenn., re-cently, and "effectual efforts will be taken to stop the Sunday desecration." Rev. 0. C. Peyton, of the Howell Memorial Baptist church, has issued what he desig-nates a "timely warning" "to whom it may concern," in which he quotes from the Tennessee Code the law "against ball playing, etc., on the Sabbath day," and, "in the name of our law-abiding people," he demands "of the resident constable of the thirteen civil districts of Davidson County that the above law be strictly en-forced, and all offenders punished." He declares that as a citizen of West Nash-ville he is "sincerely and deeply concerned for the morals of our boys, the peaceful-ness of our Sabbath, and the good name of our beautiful town." The penalty in Tennessee for engaging in any game that "is played with ball, bat, or club," or for .encouraging, aiding, or assisting in play-ing any such game, on Sunday, is a fine of not less than $25 nor more than $50 for each offense. A deputation of six persons represent-ing the Lord's Day (Sunday) Alliance of Canada waited upon the Minister of Cus-toms at Ottawa on April 14, and "urged that the importation of Sunday newspa-pers into Canada should be prohibited, and also that the officers of the Customs Department cooperate in preventing the landing of Sunday excursions from out-side Canada." "Both of these evils," it was declared, "have become pretty wide-spread, and are producing very serious conditions in the neighborhoods af-fected." It was urged that the provincial laws had been found inadequate to meet the situation, and that only the Dominion authorities could prevent these "evils." Inasmuch as the customs authorities con-trol the entry and departure of vessels in the public harbors of Canada, it was urged that at their discretion they could refuse "to provide facilities for that pur-pose, which they are in no wise compelled to provide," and thus prevent the landing and embarking of Sunday excursions. The Minister of Customs promised to give the matter his consideration. Sunday night entertainments have fol-lowed the opening of a new theatre in Appleton, Wis. This has occasioned quite a vigorous protest on the part of the ministers and some church members of the place. The Presbyterian minister urged his people "to withdraw their pat-ronage until Sunday performances are no longer given," and the Congrega-tional minister has declared that "if the management of the opera house does not close the place on Sundays, he will take the necessary legal course and close it by law." A union meeting of church people has been held for the purpose of taking steps "to suppress Sunday shows." One interesting feature of the situation is that among the i,5oo stockholders in the the-atre building are many influential church 