146 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY pacity of every human intellect; in the consolation which it bears to the house of mourning; in the light with which it brightens the great mystery of the grave. To such a system it can bring no addi-tion of dignity or of strength, that it is part and parcel of the common law. It is not now for the first time left to rely on the force of its own evidences and the attractions of its own beauty.ŠMacaulay. Nothing is more evident, both in rea-son and the Holy Scriptures, than that religion is ever a matter between God and individuals ; and, therefore, no man or men can impose any religious test without invading the essential preroga-tive of our Lord Jesus Christ. Ministers first assumed this power under the Christian name ; and then Constantine approved of the practise when he adopt-ed the profession of Christianity as an engine of state policy. And let the his-tory of all nations be searched from that day to this, and it will appear that the imposing of religious tests has been the greatest engine of tyranny in the world.ŠIsaac Backus. The rulers of Massachusetts put the Quakers to death and banished Anti-nomians and Anabaptists, not because 6f their religious tenets, but because of their violation of civil laws. This is the justification they pleaded, and it was the best they could make. Miserable excuse ! But just so it is ; wherever there is such a union Łof church and state, heresy and heretical practises are apt to become vio-lations of the civil code, and are pun-ished no longer as errors in religion, but infractions of the laws of the land. So the defenders of the Inquisition have always spoken and written in justifica-tion of that awful and most iniquitous tribunal.ŠRobert Baird. The doctrine of the complete separa-tion of church and state, carried to its logical sequence, forbids any attempt to establish one day as set apart for re-ligious observance with its moral re-quirements enforced by legislation. Sun-day will undoubtedly continue to be a religious day, sacred for religious uses, and observed by multitudes who see in such observance the best interests of the individual, the family, the state; but they have no right to call upon the secu-lar power to compel others to adopt their religious convictions and conform to their religious ideas. All that they can do is to ask that they shall be protected in their rights, and allowed without un-necessary disturbance to keep the day sacred to religious uses.ŠGen. Thomas I. Morgan, LL.D. No one thought of vindicating relig-ion for the conscience of the individual, till a voice in Judea, breaking day for the greatest epoch in the life of humanity by establishing a pure, spiritual and universal religion for all mankind, en-joined to render to Caesar only that which is Caesar's. . . . The new na-tion, when it came to establish a gov-ernment for the United States, refused to treat faith as a matter to be regulated by a corporate body, or having a head-ship in a monarch or a state. Vindi-cating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained of God in Judea. It left the management of temporal things to the temporal power ; but the American Constitution, in har-mony with the people of the several States, withheld from the Federal Gov-ernment the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the 