The Principle of Christ's Kingdom By Mrs. E. G. White * I N Christ's kingdom there is no lordly oppression, no compulsion of man-ner. Position in it is not gained through favoritism. It is not earned, nor is it received through an arbitrary bestowal. It is the result of character. The one who stands nearest to Christ in heaven will be he who on earth has drank most deeply of the spirit of his self-sacrificing love. No one was so exalted as Christ, and yet he stooped to the humblest duty. That his people might not be misled by the selfishness which dwells in the natural heart, and which strengthens by self-serving, Christ himself set the example of humility. While his disciples were contending for the highest place, he to whom every knee shall bow, he whom the angels of glory count it honpr to serve, bowed down to wash the feet of those who called him Lord. He washed the feet of his betrayer. In his life and lessons, Christ has given a perfect exemplification of the un-selfish ministry which has its origin in God. God does not live for Himself. By creating the world, and by upholding all things, He is constantly ministering to others. " He Ł maketh His sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust." This ideal of ministry God has committed to His Son. Jesus was given to stand at the' head of humanity, that by his example he might teach what it means to minister. His whole life was under a law of service. He served all, ministered to all. Again and again Jesus tried to estab-lish this principle among his disciples. When James and John made their request for preeminence, he had said, " Whoso- *Arranged from Mrs. White's work, " The Desire of Ages." ever will be great among you, let him be your minister." In my kingdom the prin- ciple of preference and supremacy has no place ; the only greatness is the great-ness of humility; the only distinction is found in devotion to the service of others. In the kingdoms of the world, position meant self-aggrandizement. The people were supposed to exist for the benefit of the ruling classes. Influence, wealth, education, were so many means of gain-ing control of the masses for the use of the leaders. The higher classes were to think, decide, enjoy, and rule; the lower were to obey and serve. Religion, like all things else, was a matter of authority. The people were expected to believe and practise as their superiors directed. The right of man, to think and act for him-self, was wholly unrecognized. Christ was establishing a kingdom on different principles. He called men, not to author-ity, but to service, the strong to bear the infirmities of the weak. Power, position, talent, education, placed their possessor under greater obligation to serve his fel-lows. The principle on which Christ acted is to actuate the members of the church which is his body. The plan and ground of salvation is love. In the kingdom of Christ those are greatest who follow the example he has given, and act as shep-herds of his flock. By all that has given us advantage over anotherŠbe it educa-tion arid refinement, nobility of character, Christian training, religious experienceŠwe are in debt to those less favored; and, so far as lies in our power, we are to minister unto them. Not to any class was Christ's love re-stricted. He identified himself with every child of humanity. That we might be-come members of the heavenly family, he became a member of the earthly fam- 