EDITORIAL  97 Eamffacell OF OffffilSTOAIV LlllIBERTit Set for the defense of human rights from the standpoint o Christianity. The only periodical in the United States wholly deboted to exposing and opposing the increasing movements and tendencies of the present time which either directly aim at or logically tend to the employment of the power of law in the domain of conscience, in subversion of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Postoffice. (See close of reading matter for terms of subscription, etc.) DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil govern-ment, and submitting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil govern-ment to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege of every man to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to op-pose and prevent religious legislation, to the end that every individual may enjoy the'  inestimable blessings of liberty. The preservation and protection of one right does not require the proscrip-tion and abolition of another. A "civic basis" for enforced baptism would be as substantial a foundation as is the "civic basis" for enforced Sunday observance. Statutory religion has been responsi-ble for as great evils as the open saloon, and nothing is to be gained to the cause of righteousness by exchanging one for the other. There is a natural alliance and friend-ship between all forms of evil, and be-cause of this the saloon can never be seriously injured by those who oppose it with Sunday legislation. The law which assumes the right to compel men to rest one day in seven has in it the assumption upon which may be based the "right" to compel men to work the other six days of the seven. That is a peculiar sort of a holiday which comes fifty-two times in a year, and which is carefully guarded by religÑious people for religious reasons from, those things that are most characteristic  of holidays. VOL. 17.  JANUARY, 1902.  No. 2. The man who is perfectly free cannot knowingly encroach upon the liberty of another. The enforcement of religious observ-ances is a very poor way to advance the cause of temperance. There is something the matter with that legislation which "protects" days at the expense of human rights. There is no law in the universe which assumes to compel men to rest one day in seven but the Sunday law of human invention. The divine Sabbath law ap-peals to the conscience; it leaves the in-dividual free to say whether he shall heed it or not. When a "civic basis" can be found for a measure which extends special favors to a class of citizens in a matter of re-ligion, invades the sacred precincts of conscience, denies to citizens the most 