SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. Enforced Sunday closing of stores and saloons is reported from Elizabeth, Minn. .Ł. A petition was recently circulated in Mt. Vernon, Ohio, asking that the city authorities allow Sunday ball playing. .Ł. The ministers of West Duluth, Minn., have been asked by the local W. C. T. U. to "speak on Sabbath desecration and in favor of better Sunday observance." :Ł Ł An agitation for Sunday enforcement is reported from Franklin, Ky. Dr. H. H. George, of the National Reform As-sociation, is leading in the movement. :Ł Two barbers in the D. S. Morgan building in Buffalo were before the po-lice justice on March 25 "charged with doing business on Sunday." They were allowed to go on suspended sentence. O On April 13 a union meeting of all the German-Protestant churches on the west side of Milwaukee, Wis., was re-ported to have been held "in the interests of a more rigid observance of the Sab-bath day." A dispatch from Little Rock, Ark., un-der date of April 9, announced that At-torney-General Murphy had "handed down an opinion to the effect that it was unlawful for grocery stores to remain open on Sunday." The "question of closing up the Sun-day stores" was discussed at length at a meeting of the Police Committee of Montreal, Canada, on April 9. No defi-nite decision was arrived at, there seem-ing to be a disposition not to interfere with the small tradesmen. What began with Sunday enforcement ended in homicide at Maysville, Ky., on April 9. A barber and a bartender had each had the other arrested under the Sunday-closing law. The ill feeling en-gendered thereby resulted in a desperate fight with revolvers in which' the bar-tender was killed. Clarence Hawley, an old resident of Centralia, Ill., was arrested on April io— charged with "operating a merry-go-round in contravention of the Sunday law." The prosecuting witness "ad-mitted on the stand that she had filed the complaint at the request of other parties, and not of her own motion." The justice dismissed the defendant, "taxing the costs to the prosecuting witness." O A measure was recently introduced in the general assembly of Missouri for the purpose of leaving to the decision of the municipal authorities of each city and village the matter of Sunday baseball. The cities of Cleveland and Youngstown are especially desirous of securing the passage of the measure, but the Sturgeon Leader says that "the consensus of opin- ion seems to be that it will prove a diffi-cult task to pass it." 