63o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY was evident, though, from what could be observed that there was an important phase of the matter that was given little attention in the newspaper reports and discussion. This was the concern of cer-tain powerful religious interests in the matter, and their active interest on the side of the regents. On at least one oc-casion a leading attorney of New York was sent to Albany by Roman Catholic interests to argue in behalf of the re-gents. This concern of religious interests in the matter of course means something, and should have attention. We are glad to note that it is not passing unobserved in some quarters, and that at last it has been pointed out in the columns of a lead-ing newspaper. On September 21 there appeared in the New York Evening Post a communication from Mr. John V. L. Pruvn on " Educational Unification " which we deem worth reprinting almost entire : A singular feature of the proposition to place the school system of the State under the Board of Regents is that the plan is favored by those who have established parochial schools in opposition to public schools. This aspect of the case appears to have escaped general notice. . . . It is the duty of all American citi-zens to support and strengthen the public school system and to resist all attempts that may be made to oppose, destroy, or capture it; therefore when its opponents advocate its trans-fer from the Department of Public Instruc-tion to the Board of Regents their motives and actions should be under the keenest sur-veillance. It does not appear, indeed, that these people should have anything to say upon the subject, and it is clear that they would not favor such transfer unless they expected in some way to gain by it. The reason may not be far to seek. Ecclesiastics sit in the Board of Regents, and if the school system is placed under the supervision of that body the clergy will be able to interfere in the methods, administration, and teaching of the public schools. Such a condition of affairs would be a calamity, and it is the duty of all citizens to exert every effort to prevent it. . . . Some hold the erroneous idea that the vari-ous religious denominations, collectively called the church, should supervise the secular edu- cation of the young on the ground that neither morality nor religion is taught in the public schools. Apart from the legal objections to religious instruction in the public schools such instruction would almost inevitably produce confusion and clashing among the different sects. Even if such a deplorable condition did not ensue, religious instruction in the pub-lic schools would produce, in my opinion, a nation of unbelievers. Too much of what some hold to be a good thing usually produces un-desirable results. Moreover any religious de-nomination that calls for the teaching of its doctrines in the public school confesses its own weakness and its inability to hold its mem-bers by its instruction. In a country where church and state are separate and must remain so supervision of tax-supported schools by the clergy, to even the slightest degree, is a wholly illogical prop-osition. The church has no place in the state. Besides we cannot be blind to the fact that the church has a two-sided nature. It has done much to Lenefit and much to injure the human race. In spite of having done good, the church has been and often is usurpa-tive, cruel and unscrupulous. In its way, it has become a huge conspiracy against human liberty, rights and duties. In short, the church, no matter what denomination, is not to be trusted. It loves power, and its clergy and bishops impose upon their fellow citizens in order to obtain power. Priestcraft is a hateful thing. It is a menace to the individual and the state. If I give emphasis to the evil side of the church, it is because I believe that this side will sooner or later show itself in State edu-cational affairs in event of the public schools being placed under the supervision of the Board of Regents. While clergy hold mem-bership in that board, just so long Will priest-craft have the chance to assert itself there. Ec-clesiasticism and sacerdotalism have slowly but surely found their way into the Board of Regents. Clericalism is there a reality. The first step was the abolition of the State con-stitutional provision prohibiting ministers of the gospel from holding office. Subsequently clergymen appeared in the board. Later the bishop of a recognized hierarchy crept in. Al-most immediately the bishop of another his-toric hierarchy followed. Now the highest official educational position in the State, that of Chancellor of the University, is occupied by a Protestant bishop, who is doing his ut-most to bring the public schools under the 