A GREAT "TRADE-MARK" STOLEN 217 "We know no moral obligation by the Fourth Commandment, or elsewhere, to keep the first day of the week more than any other, or of any holiness in it." But they kept Sunday. Why? The reason is given by Barclay, the Quaker writer of two centuries ago. He tells of the con-vention at Augsburg, in the year 153o, where the Elector of Saxony was com-manded by the Roman Catholic Emperor, Charles V., to be present at mass, that he might carry the sword before him, ac-cording to his place, which the Elector of Saxony scrupled to do, but the ministers of the newly-formed Protestant faith, taking more care for the prince's honor than for his conscience, persuaded him to do it against his conscience. The re-fusal to perform the duties of his office would have made the Elector a breaker of the law, and might have cost him his life. It was easier to perform the slight but wrong act than to be led into a deadly conflict with the Emperor, who had armies at his disposal. The same conditions existed with re-gard to Sunday observance. While the ministers and the protesting people dared to publish that it was not necessary to observe Sunday, they were careful to obey the law, and to observe the day. So, too, were the followers of Calvin, and the early Quakers. There are also modern religious lead-ers who have spoken plainly what they knew to be the real facts regarding Sun-day observance and the unwarranted custom of calling that day the Sabbath. A bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church has, not so very long ago, stated publicly that it seemed desirable to change the day to be religiously observed from Sunday to Thursday, and others have discussed the same change. Cardi-nal Gibbons, the highest Roman Catholic  authority in this country, in his book en-titled, "The Faith of Our Fathers," p. iii, in urging that Sunday is strictly a Roman Catholic Church day, and sepa-rating it from the Sabbath day, says: You may search the Bible from Genesis to Revelation and you will not find a single line authorizing the sanctification of Sunday. And within the present generation ad-missions have been made to the same ef-fect by prominent representatives of al-most every Protestant' denomination. The observance of Sunday in former times under the stress of force might be excused had the people returned to the observance of the true Sabbath when the fear of force was removed. But things went from bad to worse, and now not only is the spurious day of rest observed, but it has been given the title of the Sab-bath, in open defiance of Him who named the seventh day the Sabbath, say-ing: "The seventh day is the 'Sabbath of the Lord thy God." In this God is robbed even as a man is robbed when his trade-mark is taken by another and placed upon other goods than those which it was designed to mark. God is the Lord of the Sabbath, which is the seventh day of the week, and when this title is used as it is by those who place it upon the first day of the week, then the distinguishing mark of God's day is infringed upon, so that the public mind is deceived and the true seeker for the right way is confused and a great wrong is wrought. Those who thus ap-propriate the Sabbath title should learn a lesson from the principle which obtains among men with regard to trade-marks, and should be just as careful not to ap-propriate God's trade-mark as they are not to appropriate the trade-marks which belong to men. 