SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 477 instance, permits the playing of golf on Sunday, but prohibits the hoeing of pota-toes, which permits some things and pro-hibits other things equally legitimate and consistent with the rights which it is the proper business of the civil law to guard,  is a partial, unjust measure, and its en-forcement necessarily works injustice and persecution. The fact that the Sunday law cannot and should not be literally enforced is reason enough why it should not exist. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunda.v enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. O Mr. K. Klieman, a shopkeeper, was found guilty of " violating the Sunday-closing ordinance " by a jury in Justice Eisenmenger's court in Schenectady, N. Y., on July 1. He was fined $ro and costs. O According to the Chicago Chronicle of July 7 four persons, Samuel Ginsberg, Meyer Lozerwitz,Ł H. Frank, and Oscar Repke, were fined $5 and costs each in Justice Dooley's court in that city on the preceding day for " attempting to sell horses on Sunday in violation of a city ordinance." O By order of the mayor and chief of police the operation of a toboggan slide at Belmont St. and Lake Ave., Worcester, Mass., has been discontinued. With the co-operation of " some prom-inent ministers and officers of religious societies " a protest was filed with the mayor by the assistant secretary of the Y. M. C. A., who " believed that the Sab-bath should not be broken by the running of the toboggan." Ł This is from the New York Tribune of July r3: One of the most surprised men in Man-hattan last night was William Ackerman, of Jersey City. Ackerman is a driver for Swift & Co. With a big double load of beef and pork, which, he said, was worth $x,800, he drove off a Chambers St. ferryboat last even- ing and was at once arrested by Patrolman Lewis, and taken to the Leonard St. station. He was charged with violation of Section 267 of the Penal Code, the offense being the trans-portation of merchandise through the public streets on Sunday. Ackerman was locked up, and the load of beef and pork, which had just arrived from the West in a refrigerator car, stood in the street in front of the station until another employee of the company ap-peared. It was taken back to Jersey City. Ł On June 29 a dealer in refreshments in Johnsonburg, Pa., was arraigned be-fore a justice for Sunday selling. He " pleaded guilty and paid his fine, which is fixed by statute at $4." Although " several attempts have been made by the churches to close up business places on Sunday," Johnsonburg " has for sev-eral years been a wide open town so far as cigar, confectionery, fruit and like stores go." But now a movement is on " between the Sunday-closing merchants and the clerks' union to close all places of business on the Lord's day," and notice has been " served on all business men that those who perform worldly employment hereafter on Sunday will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law." O Rev. Fred A Leitch, a Methodist min-ister of Old Orchard, Me., has " declared his intention of enforcing the old blue laws relative to the observance of the Lord's day." On June 29 he " called e 