SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 415 The retail grocers' associations in Min-neapolis and St. Paul, Minn., are " taking some active steps to enforce the recently enacted Sunday-closing law." The Min-neapolis Times of June II reported that " officers of the Minneapolis retail grocers' association are using considerable vigilance in searching for violators of the law in regard to Sunday closing. They have secured evidence against three, who, it is expected, will be arraigned in the municipal court this morning. Others will be brought to trial in order to put a stop to the violation of the law." The St. Paul Globe of June 12 reported thus regarding the matter in that city : The St. Paul retail grocers' association is preparing to demand of the city officials that they enforce the law relating to Sunday traffic. They have found that some of the groceries of St. Paul accommodate their customers to the extent of keeping open Sunday mornings, and they demand that it be stopped. They claim that out of the 350 groceries in the city all but nine were closed last Sunday. A committee has been appointed to call upon Corporation Attorney Michael and secure his co-operation in the new movement. EŁ On May 31 a Mr. Skelly and two other persons, members of the " Skelly Club," were arrested at Thompson and Gardner streets, Brooklyn, for playing ball on Sunday. They were given a hearing before Magistrate O'Reilly on June 4, who dismissed the cases. Police Captain Hays, who had the arrests made in re-sponse to complaints and in order " to make a test case so as to settle the matter, says ball playing may now continue with-out further interference from him, as he considers the matter settled." fir " The question of whether or not the delivery of ice on Sunday is an infringe-ment of the public statutes was brought to the attention of the board of aldermen " of Newton, Mass., on June 1. The mat-ter came up " as a result of a petition to the board, 'signed by thirty-six employees  of the various ice companies of Newton, requesting the board to take action to prohibit the same. It was referred to the committee on rules." Ł " At the instance of the local law and order league " a Sunday-closing order against saloons was issued by a deputy sheriff at Washtucna, Wash., on June 5. " The saloons threaten that if they are compelled to keep their back doors closed on Sunday, they will see that the law is enforced to the letter, and that all busi-ness houses are made to close." Ł There is no accounting for the eccen-tricities of lawmakers. A statute passed by our recent State legislature permits, by special enactment, the sale of tobacco and confectionery on Sunday, but makes the Sunday selling of meats and groceries illegal. Tobacco is evidently considered a prime necessity by Minnesota solons.ŠFaribault (Minn.) Journal. The next number of The Sentinel will appear just before the Fourth, and in it will appear something that should be read by every patriotic American and every observer of the signs of the times. We have been given permission to pub-lish portions of an hitherto unpublished address on . Anti-Democratic Tendencies in American Life, by DR. FELIX ADLER, Founder and Leader of the Society for Ethical Cul-ture, and Lecturer on Social and Politi-cal Ethics at Columbia University. In this address is pointed out and empha-sized some tendencies antagonistic to true republicanism and democracy that "already exist in our midst and are getting stronger and stronger." It would be well if all the people would think on these things in connection with the great national anniversary. 