532 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY vices " which to-day threaten society, it should not be forgotten that it has been declared and argued by authority of Cardinal Gibbons himself that " the Chris-tian Sabbath is the offspring of the union of the Holy Spirit with the Catholic Church, His spouse," and that " the claim of Protestantism to any part therein is groundless, self-contradictory, and sui-cidal." One of the things which the car-dinal chooses to name as one of the five very great evils and radical vices which threaten society in the United States to-day is what he himself knows is noth-ing more or less than disregard of a religious institution which has no author-ity for its existence but that of his church Šthe Roman Catholic Sunday, the so-called " Christian Sabbath." The disre-gard of this institution is not a social danger, and the ecclesiastical assump-tion that it is must be resisted, for that assumption, to the extent of its demand that the law shall maintain and enforce that observance, is most decidedly a social danger and menace. An " earnest sermon against the desecra-tion of the Sabbath," which seems to have been one of several, was delivered by Rev. W. D. Marsh at the First Methodist Church in Syracuse, N. Y., on July 2. His text " was taken from the description of Nehemiah's firm and fearless stand in protecting the sanc-tity of the first day of the week [sic] ,by closing the gates of Jerusalem and preventing the merchants and hucksters from entering and even from establishing themselves outside the walls for the pur-pose of trafficking in their wares." He ' expressed the wish that there were more mayors and other officials to-day to act as promptly and as energetically." Some of his statements were these : How rapidly is our Christian Sabbath going. To-day baseball " fans " crowded Genesee  Park, unless rain prevented, in direct violation of the law of God and man. This morning the men employed in the street cleaning were obliged to work, although there was no neces-sity for it. The Sunday newspaper is a gigantic law-breaker and an influence for evil that can hardly be estimated. Yet we sit silently by while the Sabbath day is being ruthlessly desecrated.... The church must not quietly submit to the destruction of one of the founda-tions of Christianity.... I need not re-argue the question of divine authority on which rests the obligation of keeping holy one day in seven. ...We may rest assured that the Christian religion and all religion is struck a deadly blow when the day of God is profaned. Surely if one of God's laws may be broken with impunity it is an easy step to the infringement of every command of the Decalogue. There can be no doubt as to the re-ligious nature of Dr. Marsh's appeal for Sunday enforcement. And yet no doubt, if occasion required, he would stanchly deny that he desired the enforcement of a religious observance. He " gave quota-tions from a number of great and good men, showing their high estimate of the Sabbath and its influence "Šthe stereo-typed quotations furnished by the " Na-tional Reform " and American " Sab-bath " Union leadersŠand declared that " America must restore her Sabbath or she will be ruined." He " gave an inter-esting instance in proof of the fact that if men will be true to God, God will be true to them."Ł It was of a Chinese cobbler, who, having been converted to Christianity, decided that his shop should no longer be open for business on the Sabbath, although trade was being carried on on all sides. Soon after he had taken this step his trade on Saturday reached such propor-tions as to more than make good whatever he had lost on Sunday, and he enjoyed, also, a day of complete rest. It is a great pity that the " Christian " ministers and laymen in this country who are crying out for Sunday enforcement in order to prevent the " cut-throat com-petition " of those who would work and do business on the " Sabbath " while they and others are resting, could not imbibe a little of the faith of this Chinaman. A "Desecration-of-the Sabbath" Sermon 