662 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of religion Š loosened the bands of po-litical despotism, demolished the pre- tensions of civil rulers that had gone unquestioned for centuries, awoke the people of the nations to some realiza- tion of the dignity and worth of man as man, and at last made the ancient and hoary doctrine of the divine right of kings the jest of mankind. And it is not strange that from the seeds planted and watered by those whose love of, and determination to have, freedom to worship God as they chose caused them to flee from the tyranny of the Old World to the wilds of the New Š I say it is not strange that from the seeds of liberty of conscience, of independence of thought (even though in their ignorance it was.  for some of them but liberty and independ-ence for themselves), planted and wa-tered by such peopleŠthe Pilgrims, the Puritans, the Quakers, the Baptists, the Huguenots, yes, and even some Cath-olics Š there developed in due time the freest nation politically that the world had ever seen ; a nation which founded a government not on the old, false, des-potic theory of the sovereignty of gov-ernment and the subjection of the peo-ple, but on the self-evident truth of the subjection of government and the sovereignty of the people; a nation which made the welfare of the indi-vidual its great object and held aloft the rights of man as man as the su-preme concern of government. And it is not strange that the nation which repudiated the almost hallowed maxims and traditions of political despotism, which proclaimed instead of the power and pomp of the institutions which man has set up, the dignity and rights of man, of the individual, of the being that .God has made Š I say it is not strange that the nation which recognized and respected the human rights of human beings as no nation had ever done be- fore, laid as the chief cornerstone of its political edifice, established as the supreme right of citizenship, freedom of worship Š religious liberty. Most Complete Exemplification in the United States It is in the United States that the religious liberty I have described has had its most complete exemplification. It was here that at last the true idea as to the relation between church and state was grasped in its fulness. It was here that it was at last seen that the true remedy for the terrible scourge of persecution was to exclude religion en-tirely from the .cognizance of govern-ment, to confine civil government strictly to the sphere of civil things. And the founders of the American Re-public had the courage of their con-victions in this respect. As far as lay in their power they established an en-tire and eternal separation of church and state, religion and government, in the United States. And so thoroughly true is it that in doing so they broke with the hitherto unbroken practise of the ages, that the doctrine of the sep-aration of church and state is known as the " American idea," and is looked upon by the world as America's great contribution to the treasury of civiliza-tion. And so true is it that this doc-trine has had its most complete exem-plification in the United States that in the Old World to-day there is but one country in which the separation of church and state in the American sense obtains; and that country does not gov-ern itself, and very likely would not have such separation if it did. It is said that since 1869, when the Church of England was disestablished in the country and certain endowments to other religious bodies were discon-tinued, there has been an entire separation of church and state in Ire-land. While the constitution of Swit- Ł 