EDITORIAL  565 ifine 5ellgilufla1 Or allallsram Lamm,  Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation, but it is a live magazine which discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Post-office. (See close of reading matter for terms of subscription. etc.) We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil government to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the Privilege, of every individual to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of lib-erty, which is theirs by virtue of the un-bounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. VOL. 17.  AUGUST, 1902.  NO. 9 All the fleets and armies in the world are weak in comparison with one sen-tence in the Declaration of Independence. Not in wealth nor in might is found the power that really rules even in the affairs of men. He only is truly power-ful who adheres to principle and trusts in its Author. The prop& appeal for "the friends of the Sabbath" is to the sense of duty and moral conviction in the individual, and not to the power and force of statutes and legislatures. In order to truly respect and regard the rights of others it is not enough to see that injustice is not done them by legis-lation. We must say no unjust word and think no unjust thought about them. ¥ The fact that God has ordained the rod of temporal suffering to bring men to Him is no evidence that He has ordained that human hands shall wield that rod. When it is necessary that people shall be brought to God by suffering He will at-tend to it without the assistance of those who imagine that it is their business to coerce people into godliness. ¥ One trouble with the "collective con-science" idea of most of the religion-by-law advocates is that it is anything but what it pretends to be. They who advo-cate the rule of the "collective con-science" usually have in mind nothing else than the enactment into law of their own convictions and the suppression by law of the convictions of those who. dis-agree with them. The right to do a thing does not carry with it the right to compel others to do it ; nor is forcing a person to do a thing that he has a right to do protecting him in the right to do it. This is why the right to observe Sunday does not carry with it the right to compel others to ob-serve the day, and why compelling a per-son to observe Sunday is not protecting him in the right to observe the day. ¥ To-day, as always in the past, those who are the quickest to deny to others 