SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a barerreciral of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. An ordinance prohibiting theatrical en-tertainments on Sunday was adopted "by unanimous vote" of the city council of Mitchell, S. Dak., on December 27. O At a meeting in the Masonic Temple on the evening of December 17 the recently organized Grocers' and Butchers' Asso-ciation in Chicago "declared in favor of Sunday closing of stores." A dispatch from Deadwood,. S. Dak., under date of December 25, stated that "in response to pressure from the labor unions the merchants have agreed to close their stores on Sunday's and holidays." Ł A dry-goods clerk was fined $5 "for violating the Sunday law" in the Harlem police court, New York City, on Decem-ber 22. Another prisoner held on the same charge was discharged, the magis-trate saying it was "evidently a spite arrest." 4. A barber at the St. Charles Hotel in Hamilton, Ohio, was arrested on Decem-ber 23 "on a charge of shaving a man on Sunday." He "was put under $2oo bond for hearing by Squire Egry." The complaint "was sworn to by the president of the barbers' 'union." O It was reported recently from Wau-kesha, Wis., that the retail clerks' associa-tion of that place was preparing to "in-sist upon the closing of all stores at 6 o'clock every evening, except Saturday, and all day Sunday." The clerks ex-pected to have the co-operation of all the local trade unions. On information furnished by a "spot-ting committee" of the local barbers' union, seven barbers were arrested in Sioux City, Iowa, on December 22, for barbering on Sunday, and two of them were fined $5 each in the police court the next day. The other five cases were .continued. The chief of police of Beloit, Wis., was recently ordered by Mayor Simon Smith to prevent the Sunday work of a street contractor who, being behind with his contract, made an attempt " to carry on the work regardless of Sunday." The mayor " would have heard himself praised had he been in some of the churches " on the following Sunday. The stores in Crete, Neb., were " quite generally closed " on Sunday, November 3o. This was " in consequence of a peti-tion signed by nearly all the leading voters of Crete, asking the mayor to en-force the law with regard to Sunday clos-ing." " Out-of-town customers and some careless Creteans " were requested about the same time to " attend to their business on week days, and not to tempt the store-keepers to become law-breakers." In pursuance of an order of the select-men of the village a policeman recently visited all the fruit, candy, and cigar stores in Athol, Mass., and notified the 'proprietors that the Sunday sale of to-bacco and candy must cease, and that "an example will be made of the first of-fender." Drug stores might "be open from 9 to 10 a. m. and from 5 to 6 p. m.," and "newsrooms may remain open dur- 