THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY 735 and offerings. "Cardinals, many bishops, a multitude of the secular clergy, thronged to Avignon. They demanded the supression of the mendicants. By what authority did they preach, hear con-fessions, intercept the alms of the faith-ful, even the burial dues of their flocks? The consistory sat, not one was present who dared to lift his voice in favor of the friars. The pope arose. . . . He defended them with imposing eloquence against their adversaries. At the close of his speech he turned to the prelates," and thus addressed them : And if the friars were not to preach to the people, what would ye preach? Humility? you, the proudest, the most disdainful, the most magnificent among all the estates of men. who ride abroad in procession on your stately palfreys! Poverty? ye who are so greedy, so obstinate in the pursuit of gain, that all the prebends and benefices of the world will not satiate your avidity! Chastity? of this I say nothing! God knows your lives, how your bodies are pampered with pleasures. If you hate the begging friars, and close your doors against them, it is that they may not see your lives; you had rather waste your wealth on panders and ruffians than on mendicants. Be not surprised that the friars receive bequests made in the time of fatal mortality, they who took the charge of parishes deserted by their pastors, out of which they drew converts to their houses of prayer, houses of prayer and of honor to the Church, not seats of voluptuous-ness and luxury.ŠId. THE CHOOSING OF ONE "SUCCESSOR OF SAINT PETER" At the death of Clement the cardinals met in their solemn conclave. They first unanimously enacted a law for themselves, ordaining that the pope should create no cardinal till the num-ber of cardinals was as low as sixteen, and then could not increase the number beyond twenty ; that he must not nomi-nate cardinals without the consent of the whole college of the cardinals, or, in ex-tremity, at least two-thirds ; that likewise. without their consent, he could neither depose a cardinal, nor put one under ar-rest, nor seize nor confiscate their prop-erty ; and that the college of cardinals were to have one-half of the total reve-nues of the Papacy. All solemnly swore to obey the law which they had made to bind themselves ; some with the reserva-tion, "if it be according to law." A proposal was made to elect a cer-tain one of their number, but another of the number warned them that if that man were made pope, the "noble horses of the cardinals" would "in a few days be re-duced to draw wagons, or to toil before the plow." This dire consideration put an end to that cardinal's candidacy. The choice finally fell upon the bishop of Clermont, who took the name of Pope In-nocent VI. (Dec. i8, 1352, to Sept. 12, 1357). His very first act as pope was to release himself from his oath to observe the statute that he with the other cardi-nals had framed, and then to declare that statute void and illegal from the begin-ning. A BOLD GERMAN PROTESTS AGAINST "PON-TIFICIAL DESPOTISM" He tried to stir up a crusade to help the emperor of the East to defend Con-stantinople against the Turks. But the only monarch who received his call with any favor was Charles of Germany; but even he was prevented from rendering any aid by the protest of his chancellor, Conrad of Alezia, who called upon him to "recollect that the popes have always regarded Germany as an inexhaustible mine of gold, and that they have their hands constantly extended toward us to despoil us. Do we not send enough money to Avignon for the instruction of our children and the purchase of benefi-ces ? Do we not furnish every year suf-ficiently large sums for the confirmation of bishops, the impetration of benefices. 