158 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY who have had superior privileges and advantages may monopolize them alto-gether; and in order that they who have had meager privileges and advantages may be deprived of them entirely. This is the course of despotism, and this is the course that has been entered upon by those who sneer at the statement that "all men are created equal." When Abraham Lincoln declared of the black man that "if God has given him little, that little let him enjoy," he struck the true principle. The man who has little has as sacred and as immutable a right to the free enjoyment of that little as the most able and brilliant man that lives, and it is the business of govern-ment to see that in the sphere in which it operates both have equal rights, privi-leges and opportunities. The Christian Advocate agrees that "there is much more reason why the butcher shops should be open on Sunday than there is why the saloons should be open," which is equivent to agreeing that there is much more reason for clos-ing saloons on Sunday than there is for closing butcher shops. This is true; but this is a distinction that the Advocate and all advocates of legal "Sabbath" ob-servance are wont to ignore. They class all businesses and occupations to-gether, regardless of their nature and character. This may do from the stand-point of the moral obligation of Sabbath observance, but it will not do from the standpoint of civil legislation. From the standpoint of the state there is more reason for closing saloons on Sunday than there is for closing butcher shops because there is more reason for doing so on Monday or any other day of the week. If the open butcher shop is con-sistent with the objects of civil govern-ment on Monday, it is the same on Sun- day ; and if the open saloon is incon-sistent with the purposes of government on Sunday, it is equally so on Monday or any other day of the week. Sabbath Observance and the Saloon The liquor traffic is connected with the matter of ideal Sabbath observance in a very different way from what it is represented to be. Ideal Sabbath observance is not a matter of open or closed saloons on a certain day of the week ; it depends up-on the character of the men and women who observe the Sabbath. If they are not so related to God that they can observe the Sabbath in spite of all the open saloons in creation, then they could not observe the Sabbath if every saloon were hermetically sealed from the beginning to the end of the Sabbath. Sabbath observance is a matter of character. The man who patronizes sa-loons during week days cannot observe the Sabbath when it comes. Ideal Sab-bath observance is possible only to him who remembers the Sabbath during the week to keep it holy by refraining from unholy things. Sabbath observance is a moral act; a man cannot be immoral during the week and moral on the Sab-bath. And neither can a man be the slave of his appetite during the week and an observer of the Sabbath when it comes, for it takes a free man to observe the Sabbath. Open or closed saloons on six days of the week has six times more to do with ideal Sabbath observance than has open or closed saloons on one day of the week. Therefore, they who clamor for closed saloons one day in the week and are indifferent to open saloons the other six days cannot be said to be 