SOME "SABBATH" SERMONS 625 the precise period of time which it cov-ered have been known with such certain-ty in the time of Christ ? Luke 23 :54, 56. And if the commandment meant no definite time how could the observance of a definite time at that time have been keeping it "according to the command-ment ?" The Jewish people with their constant and uninterrupted observance of the seventh day of the week from the earliest times constitute a living calendar in this matter which utterly refutes the sophisms of those who attempt to be-cloud in indefiniteness the day of the Sabbath, either before or since the be-ginning of the Christian era. The desperate straits to which those are driven who essay the impossible task of showing that God commanded some-thing that was so indefinite that nobody could know what it was, and therefore could not do what had been commanded, may be gathered ?from the fact that this minister, after reading the references to the Sabbath in the accounts in the Gos-pels of Christ's acts and miracles, made the astonishing statement that "satisfac-tory proof has never been furnished that these Sabbaths fell on Saturday," i. e., on the day before Sunday, or the seventh day of the week. He did not offer to ex-plain on what day these Sabbaths did fall, but of course in due time, when the case of the Sunday sabbath becomes suf-ficiently desperate, it will be boldly and unblushingly declared that those Sab-baths fell on Sunday. The speaker wound up on this point by declaring that "we have as clear a di-vine authority for observing the first day of the week as the Christian Sabbath as we have for many other articles of our faith which we all accept," which may be true and yet amount to absolutely noth-ing. An important question is, What right in morals have they who can give nothing better than such limping excuse  for this institution to hold it forth as "of divine appointment and perpetual gation," "unchanged from generation to generation," as this minister did? And another important question is, What right in morals, in law, or in anything else, have those who assert that the day and period of the Sabbath is indefinite and was made so by God, to make it defi-nite and to enforce upon their fellows by means of the civil law the decision they have made? The Congregational minister called at-tention to "the inroads upon the peace of our Sabbath," saying that "even in the face of laws against it" business and pleasure "have invaded the day, marred its peace, interfered with its sacredness, and caused it to decline in public re-gard." He declared that one million boys are employed in this country on Sundays in handling the Sunday newspapers alone, and called attention to the law re-cently passed by the Massachusetts legis-lature "allowing the sale of certain things on the Sabbath," which he thought was "against the sentiment of the better portion of our people." Yet he wound up by declaring that "the welfare of this day rests in the hands of the members of the church," which would seem to indi-cate that the arguments which imply that the welfare of the day rests with legisla-tors and policemen and with people who are not church members and make no pretense of being such, are very much aside from the question. The Presbyterian minister declared that "to-day io,000 hands and minds are engaged in tearing out the heart of the American Sabbath," but he did not spe-cify who these io,000 wretches were, ex-cept to say : "In the metropolitan cities the stores are to-day open and in full blast, and games, work, and construction are in process, and theatres open. Nor need we go away from home; on the 