RELIGION AND' THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS 599 money raised by public taxation to buy my boy in the winter a fur overcoat, or a pair of skates, or a bicycle, the absurdity of it. You would say at once, Why, you are using public money for private and personal ends. From the point of view of your boy, from the point of view which you occupy, it may be very desirable, in-deed, that in the cold winter he have a fur overcoat, or that he have a pair of skates, or a bicycle; but it is not important to me that your boy have these things. It cer-tainly is not important to you that my boy have these things. Why, then, should you pay for these things for my boy, or why should I pay for them for your boy? You have a right to take my money for only those things which concern the pub-lic welfare. I have a right to take yours only for the same reason. Now let us look at the public schools for a moment, and see what they are trying to do. The most of our public schools are organized on the theory that the boy is to start with the kindergarten and end with the university. What is the result? A great majority of the boys, a very large majority, never get through the grammar school; they are obliged to leave, to go to work. In what sense, then, are they educated into fitness for citizen-ship ? I am told that many boys who apply for a business position cannot write well, are not able to spell correctly, are not competent to compose a good business letter, are not familiar enough with the fundamental principles of mathematics so that they can be trusted in that depart-ment without guidance and oversight. And yet these things stand right at the threshold. Why are these things so? Merely because the curriculum of our schools is such that the average pupil gets the beginning, a disconnected smattering, of a large number of things, and gets nothing complete, so that he is in any true sense fitted, equipped, for practical life. Now, I am no more concerned in  the question as to whether or not your boy shall learn to sing, or shall learn astronomy, or shall learn the higher math-ematics, or shall learn Latin or Greek, or French or German, than I am in his having a fur overcoat or a pair of skates. It would be a very fine thing if every boy could know everything, and be trained to his utmost in every faculty and in every direction ; but, so far as the pub-lic is interested in fitting him for citizen-ship, all these matters are one side of the main issue. What the State Should TeachŠThe Essential Things for Public Instruction I ask you now to consider those things which are essential to citizenship. I have no objection, if everybody is agreed about it, and there is time and money enough, to teaching the children everything ; but teach those things which are essential and important first, and do not sacrifice these in an attempt to accomplish the impos-sible. What is my interest in the training of another boy? I want your boys and you want my boysŠit works both waysŠin the first place to be trained so that the can earn an honest living; that is the very first condition of good, honest, just citizenship. Every boy ought to be trained so that he will not in a little while come back on the community for the mere matter of support. It is the first inter-est, or ought to be, of the public schools to train the boy's mind and eye and ear and handŠall his facultiesŠaccordng to the boy's aptitude in such a way that all possible shall be accomplished in the way of fitting him to take care of himself when he goes out into the world. That ought to be the first aim of the public schools. The boy is to be a citizen. He is to vote. He is to have his share in determin-ing the destiny of this country. This is the next thing that is importantŠthat he should be taught so much of history, of 