THE RELIGION AND PUBLIC EDUCATION ISSUEŠII 747 address before the Milwaukee Teachers' Association on October 17 he said : Cardinal Gibbons, in an interview broadly published in the press, pro-nounces the American public schools vicious. How any man can assert that our public schools, directed and con-trolled and conducted by a body of Christian men and women of unstained character and high standing, are vi-cious is incomprehensible. If the public schools, because of being secular, are vicious, then must our whole theory of government, being secular, be vi-cious also. I very much regret this at-tack upon the one institution on which, in the minds of all Americans, the fu-ture welfare of the republic rests. What would our vast heterogeneous nation be without our public schools? It would be a nation of sectarianism, in acrimonious conflict, each sect fight-ing for a share of the school tax. Every true American will forever oppose such a movement. All honor to Mr. Quin for this utter- ance. And he is not the only Roman Catholic who has opposed the position of that church in this discussion, al- though but very few have done so. One of the communication published by The Snn was "A Remarkable Defense of the Public Schools by a Catholic Priest" of Brooklyn, who signed him- self "Fair Play." In response to "letters from able and distinguished Catholics who repudiated with con- tempt the position taken" by the writer of this communication, The Sun de- clared editorially that it was admitted to its columns "because it came, un-doubtedly, from a Catholic priest," and that because of its tone and attitude toward "the parochial school educa- tion" would not have been heeded "if it had come from any other source." From this communication we quote the following: Archbishop Corrigan frankly ad-mitted that the Bible was forced out of the public schools through the agi-tation of the Roman Catholic clergy. That left nothing but secular things to be taught. Now the Catholics are clamoring for religious training and condemning the public schools because they dont' have it. Why didn't they let it alone in the first place ? The reason was that the Scripture reading was from a Bible not accepted by them. It was not a Catholic Bible, and they didn't want Catholic children to listen to such a Bible. Now, what do they offer better in the matter of religious training than a simple reading of Scrip-ture and a prover at the opening of the day's school work? They claim that spending from a quarter to a half of the time of the children in drilling them upon the catechism and similar things, so the child can repeat it, an-swers their idea of religious training. A child may be efficient in his ability to repeat these things, yet not be a re-ligious child. He comes to look upon those things as he would on the mul-tiplication table, and they mean no more to him. This constant drilling of a child upon catechisms and similar matters, verses and recitals, is time wasted. The child that is properly taught in a school from a religious point of view is one that knows what it is to be a good boy or girl when out of school the same as in. It is not one who swears and fights as soon as he is out of school. The latter is the paro-chial school child. You will see much less of it in the child of the public schools. This latter has some idea of the principle of right and wrong ; the parochial child has very little of it. He's bigoted and selfish. Then, the Catholics wish to force upon the public teachers of their faith and order and compel the Protestant children to have thrust before them all day a garb representing some Roman Catholic order. That's much worse than reading a Protestant Bible to a Catholic ; for the reading is wholesome and lasts but a few minutes; the garb is a constant reminder of Romanism, and is repulsive to Protestants. The idea is to get the garb into the schools, and with that as an entering wedge more will follow. . . . 