586  THE SENTINEL OF It is reported from Gloucester, Mass., that "the newly-inaugurated Sunday closing is working finely." Since the clerks have prevailed upon the city au-thorities to act in the matter many stores display the sign  "This is a union storeÑClosed Sundays." ¥ In the police court in Springfield, Mass., on June 23, three young men pleaded guilty to "the charge of playing ball on the Sabbath," the preceding day. Sentence was postponed. The News of that city remarks that "they were caught red-handed at their nefarious work." ¥ It is reported from Youngstown, Ohio, that "the agitation relative to the mat-ter of Sunday closing continues." Early in June a fruit dealer was arrested for Sunday selling and held for trial under $2oo bond. Information as to the outcome of the trial has not reached us. Notwithstanding that they had been ordered by the burgess to close on Sun-days, and had been notified by the chief of police that every one of them would be arrested if they did not obey the or-der; fifteen storekeepers of Carnegie, Pa., decided on June 19 that they would continue to sell goods on Sundays. ¥ "Wholesale arrests of Sabbath-break-ers," due to "the determined efforts of the police officers to put a stop to this way of spending the day here," were re-ported to have taken place on the even-ing of June 22 at resorts adjacent to Woodbury, N. J. It was stated that the arrested persons "come from Philadel-phia." ¥ The ministerial association of Terre Haute, Ind., recently, "in the name of both religion and morality," protested  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY against "the common desecration of the Sabbath in our midst" by "Sunday pic-nics, baseball," etc., and called upon the mayor of the city "to faithfully enforce the laws against )them as far as the law may apply." It was reported in the New York pa-pers on July 12 that 'the Citizens' Union is now to take up the question of Sun-diy-law enforcement. A committee of members has been selected to study the facts and present them to the Commis-sioner of Police." Sunday enforcement against saloons is of course what is here especially referred to. The retail grocers' association of Mad-ison, Wis., recently adopted a resolution deploring "the idea of keeping grocery stores open on Sunday," and asking "all proprietors of such stores to keep their respective places of business closed on the Sabbath day." It was thought that nothing could. be  gained at present "by taking drastic measures." ¥ At a Presbyterian convention at Jack-son, Miss., in the latter part of May, it was lamented in a report on the subject that "the Sabbath is gradually losing its hold on the heart and conscience of the people in general," and that "while the State laws are sufficient to break up the Sabbath desecration, public sentiment is against their enforcement." ¥ The proprietors of the various stores in the village of Bridgton, Me., were re-cently visited by a deputy sheriff and "warned not to sell anything on Sunday until further notice." The order inclu-ded the sale of ice-cream, soda-water, to-bacco and cigars, and newspapers. "An unusual commotion" in the village is said to have been the immediate result. 