SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 351  shoes, and " means that all stores, with the exception of tobacco, fruit and con- - fectionery stands, must be closed as tight- ly as saloons on Sunday." While the measure was demanded by retail clerks and grocers' associations, we are told by the Minneapolis Commercial Bulletin that " it was the pet measure of the State Federation of Labor," and that that or-ganization " was instrumental in getting the new law passed," and further that early in June this organization expects to make a " concerted movement " for the enforcement of the law. " Some def- finite plan of procedure will 'be adopted," and " it is probable that, for the first time in the history of the organization, the federation will extend its work to all the smaller towns and villages throughout the State." So the law " will probably be rigidly enforced." The paper named above " hopes that every good merchant will make himself a committee of one to see that the new statute is given a good trial." At many points in the State the local authorities have already served no-tice on the merchants that the law must be observed. Ma 30112a/flail CifOUSTMR 11.25321M Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, persT  year $1.00 smonths   .5o three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.50 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor- respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL op CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have ao fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City LAST week's issue, which was devoted largely to a discussion of the Sunday-law question in the State of Florida, has sold so well that we thought it advisable to print a second edi-tion. As a result we have a number of copies on hand which we can supply to those who  wish them. Our friends in Florida have already sent in orders for nearly a thousand extra copies which they will use in different parts of the State. This number, while it is devoted largely to a consideration of the Sunday question in Florida, is good anywhere, because the same principles apply everywhere. As a great many newspapers throughout the land have given space in their news columns to the agitation in this State, people the country over will be more or less familiar with the conditions as they exist there, so a copy of this number of THE SENTINEL will not come amiss. While they last, we will make the following prices on extra copies of this particular num-ber: 5 copies 7' cents. 10 "  14 " 25 35 " 50 100 IT is very encouraging indeed to receive letters from our readers, from time to time, telling us how they appreciate the SENTINEL, and especially is this true when a subscriber appreciates the magazine so much that he writes when he has no other items of business. Such was the nature of the following letter, which we recently received: " Dear SENTINEL: Let me tell you how well you look and how much better you fill your place as a weekly magazine than you did as a weekly paper or a monthly magazine. I do not want to be sorry that there are only sixty minutes in an hour, but we have so many good thingsŠhow can we find time for them all? Still THE SENTINEL cannot be spared." if if $1.25 70 lt 