734 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY else, in the public schools, we should have a narrow and bigoted people thor-oughly distrusting, if not hating, each other. . . . The 'lusty set of young pagans' which Mr. Geer so much fears are no more the product of the public schools than they are of the church." "I firmly believe in the Christian re-ligion as the best thing in the world spiritually and materially, but the pub- lic school isn't the place to offset the neglect of church and homeŠthat's where religion is to be taught, and chil-dren should be grounded in the spirit of religion before they are old enough to be admitted to the public schools. Mr. Geer says that "lynchers, labor agitators and law-breakers generally are the human guide posts, . . . point-ing us to the ruin which awaits society if we persevere in the road which we are now taking." Did the good parson ever look up the statistics on the classes he mentions and find out how many of them are members of some religious denomination and therefore supposed to have accomplished the limit of religious training?" "Can Mr. Geer prove that the army of 17,000,000 pupils in our schools would be better intellectually or mor-ally, or both, if they were under the control of the various churches? Can he establish the fact that the pupils edu-cated in schools conducted by religious sects are better men and women than those trained in the public schools? . . . In the early history of Massachu-setts may be seen the effects of Mr. Geer's idea. The theocratic govern-ment did not make either the morals or the intellects of the people any better. . . . It is unfortunately true that the spirit of agnosticism is widespread, but how is this the fault of state educa-tion? Is not Germany a great seat of infidelityŠGermany, where Mr. Geer's plan of special school teaching for Cath-olics, Protestants and Jews prevails? . . . That the state has not always suc-ceeded in training young men and women to ideal citizenship cannot be gainsaid ; but can any or all denomina-tions guarantee better results/ Denom-inational schools have had full swing in France, Italy and Spain, but have they made better men and women than  has the state in the United States," "The American government is not an ecclesiastical institution. It is a "secular republic." The First Amend-ment to the Federal Constitution set-tles that. That great amendment, the sheet-anchor of American liberty, while guaranteeing perfect religious liberty for all, at the same time decrees entire separation of church and state. There can be no more dangerousŁ form of union of church and state than re-ligion (be the religion what it may) in the public schools. The public schools shotild be free. . . . This issue is world-wide. It is now convulsing France. The very life of the French Republic is involved in it. In Germany Bebel, the leader of the Social Democracy, has raised the banner of free secular pub-lic education, with taxation of church property. Every one is entitled under our free institutions to his or her re-ligious convictions, be they what they may. But he or she has no right to call in the law to force their religious opin-ions, however honestly entertained, down the tit oats of others. Churches may occupy a useful place in the soc'al fabric, but politics, government, diplo-macy, the public schools and the ad-ministration of our public libraries are no places for them. . . . Guard well our public schools, for out of them, for good or for evil, are to come the issues of life or death for the republic." "No greater danger menaces this re- Ł public to-day than the effort of the church to obtain control of the educa-tion of our school population. The church has no business in this field. As a member of the church I know that the church is not fitted to undertake the task. The polity and organization of the church, more especially in the An-glican and Roman communions, are aristocratic and medieval and wholly out of touch with republican govern-ment. . . . The public school system is the bulwark of free institutions ; and it is the duty of all patriotic citizens to support and strengthen it. Defects or no defects, it has come to stay. The people are capable of making and will make improvements wherever needed in the system. The people, not the clergy, are the proper judges of what 