SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  571  110 Minn., on August 13, Ole Thorson was fined " for keeping his saloon open on the preceding day."ÑAt Alma Center, Wis., on August 12, two saloonmen were ar-rested " for violating the village ordinance regarding the Sunday closing of saloons." One of them " paid his fine," but the other " refused to do so, and was sen-tenced to fifteen days in the county jail, and was taken there by the marshal."ÑOver the mayor's veto the city council of Wylam, Ala., has passed an ordinance which " provides that it stall be unlawful for any person, whether owner, propri-etor, clerk or other person employed in any saloon or other place where spiritu-ous, vinous or malt liquors are kept for sale, to allow between the hours of 12 o'clock midnight of Saturday and 12 o'clock midnight of Sunday any person or persons to enter such saloon or place." It was reported in St. Paul, Minn., papers on August 18 that " the latest move of the retail clerks' association to insure Sunday closing has been the arrest of W. M. Wagner and the re-arrest of P. J. Hoffman for keeping open their grocery stores on Sunday." They were arraigned in the police court on the preceding day, but the hearing of both cases was post-poned until August 25. The complaining witness in both cases was a representative of the clerks' association. Hoffman was already " under suspended sentence for keeping his store open one Sunday in July." On the same day it was re-ported that on complaint of one Geo. C. Ronous, presumably a representative of the clerks' union, 0. La Fortune, grocer, had been arrested on the charge of violating the Sunday-closing law, and would have a hearing in the po-lice court on the 25th also. It seems that while grocerymen are being prose-cuted and fined for Sunday opening saloonmen are unmolested. One grocery-man very truly says that " the saloons  are a source of much more disturbance than the grocery stores," and another that " we have as much right to keep our places of business open on Sunday as have the saloons, and if we are to be ar-rested for keeping open Sundays we in-tend to see by what right the saloons are permitted to keep open." So it is ex-pected that " the small grocers, upon whom the Sunday law works a hardship as their places of business are largely in the outlying districts where they are ob-liged to carry large stocks of fruit and other perishable goods for which there is always a large Sunday demand," will " test the force of the law by closing up all saloons and other places at which busi-ness is done on Sundays." The crusade begun early in July by the church people of Wilkinsburg, Pa., to prevent the sale of soda water, ice cream, etc., by druggists on Sunday caused rather lively times for several weeks. On July 15 three druggists were arraigned before Burgess Keys on com-plaint of members of the " committee of twelve " acting for the churches, and a week later four others were arraigned. In the latter cases " each of the defend-ants was ordered to pay a forfeit of $25 and costs of prosecution." In the mean-time the druggists had begun a counter crusade through a " committee of five " appointed by them " to gather evidence against all who in any way violate the law." Complaints " charging violation of the Sunday law " were at once filed at the instance of this committee against officials and employees of the Pennsyl-vania Ice Company, the Crown Plaster Company, the Enterprise Brick & Stone Company, two milk companies, and mem-bers of the paid choir of the First Pres-byterian Church, the church most active in the crusade. There were complaints against fifty-one persons in all. Among these persons were " a number of prom- 