286 7HE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ing the opinion that " if the sheriff com-plies with the demands of Mr. Dodge, before he gets through he will require as bondsmen such millionaires as Mr. Rocke-feller and Mr. Flagler to meet the judg-ments against him for damages that juries will award against him for his unautho-rized violation and invasion of the rights of the people." So it appears that inter-esting times are at hand in Jacksonville as to the matter of the Sunday law and its enforcement. Of course, notwithstand-ing Mr. St. Clair-Abrams's opinion as to the legality of the Sunday racing, which is no doubt well-grounded in common sense and in harmony with the present tendency of the courts in dealing with the Sunday law, Mr. Dodge and the sheriff are not straining the law a particle. The trouble in this case is not a Puritanic con-struction, but a Puritanic statute. What-ever may have been the purpose of the Florida legislators when they adopted the Sunday law as a part of the code of that State, it requires but a reading of the statute itself and a slight knowledge of its genealogy to show any one that its pur- pose is to compel people to the observance, and to a much more rigid observance than public sentiment will now permit to be compelled, of a religious and ecclesiastical rite or custom, which, though it may not be " of some particular church," is of some particular religious class, which, of course, amounts to the same thing. Now if such a law is not challenged and repu-diated directly, the next best thing is that it be emasculated by construction and' repudiated indirectly. If consistently and logically adhered to the position of Mr. St. Clair-Abrams, which we are glad to say is the position of men of his class generally, would practically nullify the Sunday law and prevent all Sunday en-forcement, for its logic is to make the Sunday law prohibitive of only such things as are amply dealt with by other legislation, and protective of only such things as are protected by other legisla-tion. It leads logically to the sound posi-tion that there is no crime peculiar to Sun-day, and that that which is proper and lawful on other days cannot be criminal nor properly illegal on Sunday. According to the Washington (Ind.) Gazette of March 31 a groceryman of that place went about the city on the preceding Sunday and " took notes of all drug stores, cigar stand's, livery stables, meat shops, bakery shops, con-fectionery stores, ice-cream parlors, newspaper stands, saloons, etc., that were open and doing business," and intimated that " they would have to close up next Sunday and all, future Sundays or he would prosecute them." The groceryman had been in the habit of opening his store for a short time on Sunday mornings, but had been com-pelled to cease doing so by the clerks' union. He said he found that the mem-bers of the clerks' union were in the habit  of patronizing most of the places named on Sundays, and that he proposed to. " give back to these young fellows some of the medicine they gave me." He said he knew it was very convenient to be able to be served at these places on Sun-day, but that it was " just as convenient for other people to be able to get gro-ceries." This groceryman may not be-moved by the highest of motives, but certainly the clerks will be last persons who can complain if he carries out his. Sunday-enforcement threat. O It is announced from Fargo, N. Dak.,. that " the barber shops will be closed hereafter on Sunday under the law re-cently signed by the governor." 