EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 91 '91 assemble for public worship. The day was set apart for a purpose, and the penal enactments guard it; but they leave every man free to use it for that purpose or not. The law protects him from the annoyance of others if he do not; it restrains him from annoying those who do so use it." Thus the law without oppressing any-body, becomes auxiliary to the rights of conscience. And there are other rights intimately associated with the rights of conscience which are worth preserving. The right to rear a family with a becoming regard to the institu-tions of ChristianitY, and without com-pelling them to witness hourly infrac-tions of one of its fundamental laws; the right to enjoy the peace and good order of society, and the increased se-curities of life and property which re-sult from a decent observance of Sun,  day; the right of the poor to rest from labor without dimunition of wages or loss of employment ; the right of beasts of burden to repose from unrequitted toilŠthese are real and substantial in-terests which the legislature sought to secure by this enactment. With a pro-found conviction in its wisdom and value we are resolutely opposed to a course of judicial construction which would cheapen its demands and impair its power for good. Clericalism in co- Much has been heard lombia aid in the of late in this coun-United States try to the discredit of the South American country Co-lombia. This has been in connection with its failure or refusal to ratify the treaty with the United States for the construction of an interoceanic canal at the Isthmus of Panama, and the sub-sequent events by which the United States is to obtain what it desires in this respect. It has been declared, and no doubt with much truth, that the government of Colombia is republican only in name, but despotic in reality, -that its policies and courses of action .are determined not by regard for the interests and well-being of the people  and country, but by the selfishness, cu-pidity, and ignorance of those controll-ing the government, and that in gen-eral the people and their rulers have very little to recommend them to civil-ized, honorable peoples. It is interest-ing in this connection to note where one who thus writes regarding Colombia places the responsibility for the, state of affairs which has been alleged and denounced so freely of late in this coun- try. We quote from an article in the World's Work for January by Mr. T. S. Alexander, who has spent several years in Colombia : Under the cloak of a republican form of government Colombia is despotically ruled. The despots are the priests, who are mostly Jesuits. President arro-quin and his cabinet and congress are their puppets. All the recent troubles of the country may be traced to their intrigues and the repressive, retro-grade legislation they have inaugu-rated. The ruin of their country, the death of nearly 200,000 men in battle and by disease, the murder of many thousands of women and children, the misery, ignorance, and poverty of the whole people Š all lie at their door. Clericalism is the curse of the country. It is the direct cause of the recent revolution, which caused such a holo-caust of lives. It is the real cause of the secession of Panama. From prac-tically every pulpit in the interior the priests preached against the canal. They brought every influence in their power to bear in order to secure the rejection of the Hay-Herran treaty. . . . Their motive was simple enough. They knew that the construction of the canal would lead to the building of railways, the introduction of foreign capital and foreign ideas, ' and the speedy opening up of the entire coun-try to a civilization and progress that would put an end to their absolute power. In proportion to its size Co-lombia contributes more to the Roman Catholic Church than any other Latin-American country. She does not pay her foreign debts, but she sends huge sums to Rome every year. The official 