SOME EXPERIENCES IN TURKEY  697 kind. An Armenian brother was com-ing on a Sabbath morning to our house to attend the worship. On his way he passed by the police station near us. As he was not a resident of that part of the city, one of the policemen followed and arrested him. He was taken into the sta-tion, his pockets were carefully searched, and some money was found about him. This was what the policeman was look-ing for. Then came the threatenings : "You have put on a European hat ; you have a French book, too; you have a paper of some insurance company; we don't know what kind of a fellow you are ; we will send you to the ministerial department of the police ; clear yourself there," etc. I was called and bore testi-mony that he was a good man. But my testimony was not accepted. They in- formed him that six dollars only could secure his liberty. The brother consented to give this, and was released. The six dollars were divided among the police. All these facts show clearly the con-test between the divine truth and human might. All those religions that are de-void of divine power can uphold them-selves only by human power, which they find ready to help them in the govern-ments. It is seen that our message is going on even when it was thrice forbid-den, and the attempt is made to stop it by the human hand of the government. This contest will go on, and at last it will be seen that divine truth is much stronger than human might. We are glad this contest is waged upon us, and that we have come to this time just for this pur-pose. Our God is power. Mr. George Rice, a seventh-day ob-server, now located in Dawson, Yukon Territory, Alaska, recently served a sen-tence of two months at labor in jail as the result of the efforts of certain parties who seemed to have taken a dislike to him chiefly on account of his religious views and practises and his zeal and earnestness in making known what he believed to be religious truth. He had very little knowledge of the mining laws, and not realizing that anyone would seek to injure him in that way, in taking up a placer claim he followed implicitly the proffered counsel of certain parties. He found in a very short time that he had been led into some violation of the min-ing laws. The parties responsible for this then threatened him with prosecu-tion unless he should surrender to them three-fourths of his claim. This he re-fused to do, and the outcome was that he  was prosecuted, first in the police court and then in the territorial court, and was sentenced as stated, the false testi-mony of his enemies being more respon-sible for his imprisonment than the tech-nical offense of which he was guilty. While serving his sentence Mr. Rice re-fused to work on the seventh day of the week, in accordance with his conscien-tious convictions of religious duty. This caused the jailor to bring him before the captain of police on the charge of insub-ordination. Mr. Rice says that the cap-tain was a Roman Catholic, but that he "tore the charge [of the jailor] to pieces and threw it into the waste basket, and ordered the jailor not to ask me to work on Saturday, but that if he had any work to do on Sunday to put me at it." During the remainder of his term of imprison-ment Mr. Rice had no more trouble of that sort. 