398 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tures tor the enforcement of the law here, which, although many years on the statutes of Texas, has been violated just as many years. Ł On May 26 the mayor of Hamilton, Ohio, issued a vigorous " general order," " to take effect at once," in which among other things he directed the chief of police " to notify all persons operating saloons of the laws of Ohio regarding Sunday closing," and " to notify all persons con-ducting public dances that such, dances must cease promptly at twelve o'clock on Saturday night." On this last point the mayor said : " The desecration of the Sabbath day by these dances continuing into Sunday morning is against public policy and welfare, and you are directed to see that this order is implicitly obeyed." oy A meeting " to discuss the question of the enforcement of the Sunday laws " was recently held in the Central Congrega-tional Church in Brooklyn. Dr. Josiah Strong, " president of the American In-stitute of Social Service," spoke on " The Civil Sabbath," and said " that the neces-sity of a civil sabbath, and of adequate laws to protect it, should create a public sentiment which will demand wise Sunday legislation and sustain its enforcement." A " boss barbers' association " was formed in Madison, Wis., on May 25, and it was at once announced that " the barbers' union as a body proposes to carry out the provisions of the Sunday-closing ordinance to the letter, and close tab will be kept on those who are in-clined to violate them." Two proprietors had been " averse to Sunday-closing," and had " threatened to test the legality of this bit of municipal law-making." The Lansing (Mich.) Republican of May 27 reported that on that date, by a vote of fifty-eight to eighteen, a bill per- mitting Sunday baseball in Wayne County was passed by the lower house of the-legislature. It " was passed in the inter-ests of the American League team," which had " been compelled to' abandon its. Sunday schedule by the pressure brought to bear by the different churches." Ł At 169th Street and Clay Avenue in New York on Sunday, May 31, two mounted policemen rode into the grounds where a ball game was in progress " and told the eighteen players and 200 specta-tors that they were under arrest." Five of the players, who were boys, were cap-tured and taken to the police station. They were discharged at the hearing the next day. At Detroit, Mich., on May 29 warrants charging " violations of the Sunday-closing law " were sworn out against eight Belle Isle " amusement promoters!' The amusements that had been carried on on Sunday were palmistry, merry-go-round, roller toboggan, photograph tent, scenic railway, shooting gallery, phono-graph exhibit, and spinning wheel. Police officers at Waco, Texas, stated on May 26 that " there has been a little more laxness the past Sunday or two in the observance of the Sunday law." But " the officers are determined to keep in behind the infractors," and are " get-ting evidence against those who open their doors." Ł-Ł Resolutions " condemning Abe granting of permission for the landing of Sunday excursions in Hastings " were " unani-mously adopted at the Methodist and Baptist churches " in Hastings, Minn., on May 24. It was recently reported from Great Neck, L. I., that "warfare is to be waged against Sunday excursions to this village." 