THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY  671 Rome for denying that Nicholas V. was lawful pope, and Pope John was burned in effigy. Pope Nicholas "threatened all who should adhere to his adversary, not merely with excommunication, but with the stake." In October the emperor and Nicholas went first to Viterbo, and then to Pisa, Nicholas on every occasion issuing edicts anathematizing the "so-called pope," John XXII. The emperor retired to Trent, in the Tyrol. Pisa repudiated Pope Nicholas V. He fled ; then stole back and took refuge in the palace of a nobleman who was his friend. To the nobleman Pope John XXII. wrote a let-ter, urging him to "surrender the child of hell, the pupil of malediction." Pope Nicholas V. surrendered, and threw him-self upon the mercy of Pope John XXII. To Pope John he wrote thus : I heard brought against you and your court accusations of heresy, exactions, simony, de-baucheries, and murders, which rendered you, in my eyes, the most execrable of pontiffs. I then thought it my duty not to refuse the tiara, in order to deliver the Church from a pope who was drawing the faithful into an abyss. I have since learned, from my own experience, how difficult it is to live a holy life in the chair of the apostle, and I avow that no one is more worthy of the Papacy than yourself. I thus renounce this dignity, and I will abdicate solemnly in your presence, in such place as you shall please to designate.ÑId. The nobleman under whose protection Nicholas was required of John XXII. that the life of Nicholas V.' should be spared, and that he should be absolved of the crime of having been pope. Pope John XXII. commissioned the arch-bishop of Pisa to receive the submission of Pope Nicholas V. In the great cathe-dral of Pisa Pope Nicholas V. renounced the popedom, and condemned as hereti-cal and impious all his acts as pope. He was then conveyed to Avignon, to Pope John XXII. "The day after his arrival  at Avignon he was introduced into the full consistory with a halter around his neck. He threw himself at the pope's feet, imploring mercy and execrating his own impiety." A few days afterward he appeared again before the pope and car-dinals, read a long confession, and re-nounced and condemned the emperor Louis as heretical and schismatical. He was allowed to live in the papal palace ; but was "closely watched and secluded from intercourse with the world, yet al-lowed the use bf books and all the serv-ices of the Church." IMMENSE REVENUES THROUGH CORRUP-TION AND SUPREME POWER THROUGH "DIVINE RIGHT" A section of the Franciscan monks were wandering everywhere, preaching absolute poverty as the perfection of Christianity. They denounced the lux-ury of the popes, and even denounced the Papacy itself as "the great harlot of Revelation." Clement V. had persecuted many of them to death, and John XXII. followed it up. "Wherever they were, John pursued them with his persecuting edicts. The Inquisition was instructed to search them. out in their remotest sanc-tuaries ; the clergy were directed to de-nounce them on every Sunday and on every festival." The claims of the Papacy were by no means slackened. Pope John XXII., in one of his edicts, declared: "He [the pope] alone promulgates law ; he alone is absolved from all law. He alone sits in the chair of St. Peter, not as mere man, but as man and God. . . . His will is law; what he pleases has the force of law."ÑMilman. He published a trea-tise in which he set forth the claims of the Papacy as follows : As Jesus Christ is recognized as the Pontiff, King and Lord of the universe, so His vicar 