EDITORIAL 643 Commenting on "the indisputable fact that when the United States exacted of Cuba that her constitution should con-tain guarantees which should forever place the island in a position of intimate relation to us, it was universally under-stood that we, on our part, would aid her by providing such reciprocal commercial advantages as would enable her to bt self-reliant and self-supporting," and that "the commission sent to us from Cuba's Constitutional Convention re-turned home with the just expectation that a compliance with our desires as to certain constitutional guarantees would be followed by the establishment of mu-tual trade relations of great economic ad-vantage to her," as set forth by Senator 0. H. Platt in the North American Re-view, the New York Sun says : We have accepted the concession, but thus far we have refused to give the promised equiv-alent. We have placed ourselves in the posi-tion of a powerful but dishonest debtor, who relies upon the superiority of brute force to wrong an innocent creditor. . . . The Cuban convention proceeded in good faith to incorporate into the insular constitution the guarantees which we deemed essential for our interests. It acted in other words, precisely like a man who lends money on his debtor's word of honor. We have taken the money; it is still in our nossession ; but thus far we have repudiated the debt. These words have a special force from the fact that the Sun is not by any means given to finding fault with anything that is done by those who are responsible for this state of affairs. And even this criti-cism is made in the attempt to overlook what is the real wrong in the matter. Certainly there is no more brute force in the present treatment of Cuba by the United States than there was in the exac-tion of this "concession of great value," and they who are willing that brute force shall be employed in making bargains should not be shocked that it is further  employed in disregarding them when they are made. But neither the Sun nor Senator Platt seem to realize these things. Ł Archbishop Ireland, without any hesi-tancy or ambiguity, declares that in the matter of the sending of an American commission to the Vatican "Leo took the initiative, proposed the conference," and that "the President and his advisers ac-cepted the proposition." The impression was given out at the time the commission was despatched to Rome that it was done wholly on the initiative of the Govern-ment, but we suppose the Archbishop knows how the thing was, especially as it was he who was behind the initiative and proposition of Leo, and behind the consent and acceptance of the scheme by the Government. He says further that if the Government had refused to be led into this scheme, "had refused to send a representative to Rome, verily what clamorings there would have been." Yes, no doubt, and that would have been clamor that the Archbishop would not have been so quick to rebuke, but it would have been something a great deal more inexcusable and reprehensible than the clamors he has condemned. Nobody doubts that it was the Papacy that got up the scheme for the sending of an Ameri-can representative to Rome, but it is perfectly evident that it was not done on her part for the purpose of hastening the settlement of the difficulties in the Philippines. Her chief object was the establishment of diplomatic relations with this country, or at least to establish as good a precedent for that as possible, as the Archbishop is no doubt well aware, Ł and when she found that that idea was not responded to, she was quite ready to postpone the settlement of the questions at issue. 