THE GIBSON "LORD'S DAY" TRIAL  683 keeping your shop open on Sunday." The examination of the witness concluded thus: Q. Is it your opinion that the defendant would maliciously, on account of his religious belief, openly rebel against the statute relative to the so-called Lord's Day, or any other stat-ute? A. It is not; but the statute provides only one Lord's Day, and as magistrate eight years ago I had to go according to the statute. Q. Let us suppose a case : Here is a person living in this Commonwealth who has no relig-ious belief, who does not believe in a Supreme Being. He works seven days in the week, as he has not only an inalienable right to do, but as he has a right to do under the Bill of Rights of this Commonwealth. Can the "Lord's Day" statute be enforced on that man without abridging his rights? A. If that man opened his shop on Sunday I should think the law should be enforced against him. I think an individual having a different belief from the community would necessarily have his rights abridged somewhat. Q. You have no doubt heard the saying, "When in Rome do as the Romans do." If you had lived in the Roman Empire would you have obeyed the Roman law in all things? A. Yes, I think I would have. Q. The Saviour was crucified under that law. Is it not true that the Saviour, while living under Roman rule, did not worship the deities which the Roman law required all to worship, and that He did not observe the festival days which the Romans had instituted and which they observed in honor of their gods? And is it not a fact that the Jews sought to have the Saviour killed because He disregarded their laws regarding Sabbath ob-servance? A. I had not thought much about that,. but presume it is true. Q. Then would you have done as the Ro-mans did had you lived in those days? A. I have not thought about that as much as you have, perhaps. If the Romans did wrong I would not. Mr. Chambers, a member of the Ev-erett city council and a near neighbor of Mr. Gibson's, was next called to the stand. He said he had always considered the defendant a law-abiding citizen, and  had never heard any one complain about his Sunday work. He was asked if he thought the painting done by the defend-ant on the third day of August was any more of a disturbance than was the re-pairing and laying of tracks on the West End Street Railway. He replied that if the repairing and laying of tracks was not an absolute necessity he did not see how the painting of a house could be any more objectionable. The judge again objected to questions along this line. The testimony of witnesses ended with the following examination by the defense of Mr. John K. Leather, a man whom it was understood had been the originator of the prosecution: Q. Mr. Leather, how near do you live to the defendant? A. Well, pretty near, sir. Q. Is it not a fact that you live about one- eighth of a mile from the defendant? A. I should say it was just about one- eighth of a mile. Q. Did you see the defendant painting on the third day of August? A. No, I did not. Q. Did you hear him painting on the third day of August? A. No, I did not. Q. Were you so near that the smell of the paint disturbed you on the third day of August, the day you are pleased to call the "Lord's Day"? A. No, I was not. Q. You believe in enforcing the law? A. Yes, I do. Q. Have you any interest in that store on Broadway run by your son? A. No, I have not, and I don't approve of my son keeping that store open on Sunday. Q. Were you out driving on Broadway last Sunday? A. Yes, I was. My wife is sick and I took her out to ride for her health. Q. That is all right. Do you belong to the Congregational Chapel on Courtland Street. Everett ? A. Yes, I do, and I believe in conforming to the laws of the United States. Q. Are you a member of the Washburn As- sociates? A. No, I am not. I have often been asked 