EDITORIAL 237 gree, and gradually, just as circumstan-ces would dictate." Contrary to assertions and representa-tions that are frequent in the Catholic press, and especially frequent in the edi-torial columns of the Standard and Times, the archbishop declared that "it is not true that there is going forward in the Philippines an organized effort to up-root the Catholic religion." When asked if the religious orders made themselves "unpopular by ruling in behalf of Spain," he replied: No. There has been very much exaggera-tion in this matter. The religious were natur-ally not indifferent to the interests of the mother country, but they never occupied of-fices in the State. They wielded influence, nothing more, and the influence they wielded was a merely moral one. It was not denied that "the religious" were unpopular, but no explanation was offered as to the cause of this unpopular-ity. No doubt the friars have always thought that they were simply wielding "a merely moral influence," but the fact that so much dissatisfaction is shown over their loss of governmental support and favor shows that the methods used to exert this "merely moral influence" were not at all suited to that purpose. And it is no doubt because of this use of wrongful means that the friars find themselves so detested to-day for having wielded "a merely moral influence." An exchange says : "Indications point to more communications being received by the New York legislature against Sun-day saloon opening than have ever before been received on any one subject. Peti-tions are already flowing in from all parts of the State, and many of these emanate from churches whose congrega-tions have taken action in the matter. The Methodists are exceedingly active in this sort of thing, and several communi- cations have been received from Meth-odist Episcopal churches in various por-tions of the State." The churches do not become thus ac-tive in matters of civil legislation, and neither do they with regard to prohibi-tion and other measures against the liquor traffic. They may deny the re- Ł ligious character of Sunday legislation, even that closing saloons, but their ac-tions belie their words. Separate religion from the first day of the week and the churches will have very little more to say about Sunday saloons. The W. C. T. U. and Sundae Saloons Under the heading, "The W.C.T.U. and Sunday Local Option," Mrs. Ella A. Boole, president of the New York State W.C.T.U., thus plainly and frankly states in the February number of its official or-gan why that organization is opposed to local option on the question of Sunday liquor selling: We are asked again and again why we of the W. C. T. U. are opposed to local option on the question of Sunday liquor selling? We answer that there are some questions that ought not to be submitted to the people, because there is a higher law than the people's will. If this question should be submitted there is no reason why a similar question in regard to every other business, might not be submitted, so that the question of the obser-vance of Sunday would be a matter of lo-cality. We would none of us consider it right to submit any other of the commandments to the vote of the people. Why this one? Again, the object of submission would be to lessen the safeguards about the day, rather than to increase them, and we are opposed to any and every measure that proposes to give to the liquor traffic greater privileges or longer hours. In the same issue of the Woman's Temperance Work Mrs. Boole gave "ten reasons why the saloons in New 