492 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY court." In the meantime " no attempt will be made to resume business on Sun-day." It was recently reported from Daven-port, Iowa, that an attorney was " looking up the legal points in regard to filing information against the Tri-City Railway Company to compel them to observe the Iowa State Sunday law." It was thought that " the Sunday law is as applicable to the railway as to the individual mer-chants." It has been announced by the burgess of Darby, Pa., that " all stores must be closed on Sunday hereafter, and that the Sunday law will be strictly enforced." " Proprietors of cigar stores and of other places where business has thrived on Sun-days have asked the burgess to modify the edict," but " have been told that no exception will be made in the prosecution of offenders." In Buffalo, N. Y., on June 28 two spe-cial officers went to the place of Matthew Macjako, a grocer and saloonkeeper, and tried to induce him to sell them some beer. He " refused, but consented to sell them some bread and sausage." " They took the stuff, and arrested the man on the charge of violating the Sunday-selling law." He was fined $5 in the police court the next day. At Northumberland, Pa., on June 21 " all cigar stores, confectionery shops, soda-water fountains, and the drug stores were closed the entire day, and even the sale of newspapers on the streets was prohibited." A new burgess has " made it known that he is opposed to the sale of cigars, newspapers and everything else on Sunday, and that he will take vigorous steps to stop such practise in the future." At Burlington, Vt., on July II, Eva Mooran, a Syrian woman, was fined $2 and costs, amounting in all to $8.63, " for violating the Sabbath laws, in that she sold certain things out of her little fruit store " on the preceding Sunday. It is re-marked by the Burlington News that in view of the amount of Sunday traffic that goes on in that city, "justice is not particularly satisfied in picking out an in-offensive Syrian woman and fining her." Thirteen proprietors of shops and fruit stands were arrested at Homestead, Pa., on July 5 for Sunday selling. They were " compelled to put up forfeits of $25 each " for a hearing later. The arrests were made by order of a police captain temporarily at the head of the police force, and " the action was based on the blue laws of the State." A few days later it was announced that " the Sunday-closing crusade " would be discontinued, as the movement had been " found to be de-cidedly unpopular." In Hot Springs, Ark., on June 27 " a meeting of representative citizens unani-mously adopted resolutions expressing the views of the majority of the people re-garding the Sunday-closing law, and asking the authorities to be more lenient in the enforcement of the same, so as to allow the operation of the street-cars, the sale of milk and ice, newspapers, and other things as heretofore." It is said that on the preceding Sunday the Sun-day law was so strictly enforced that " everything in the city except the churches was closed up." In response to complaints the mayor and chief of police of North Adams, Mass., have taken steps to stop the crying of newspapers on the streets on Sundays, " particularly between the hours of ten o'clock in the morning and two o'clock in the afternoon when the church services are in progress." " There is a statute 