SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT ¥  815 day for trial on "warrants sworn out by the Sabbath Association charging them with selling cigars" on the pre-ceding Sunday, were found on the visi-tation of a court officer to their re-spective addresses to be dead. One of them had died three weeks before, and the other had been buried for four years ! These are only a few of many like occurrences. Almost every Wed-nesday during the past summer and fall a company of small dealers have been arraigned before Magistrate South on complaint of agents of the "Sabbath" Association and fined for Sunday sell-ing. On May 21 the secretary of the Philadelphia "Sabbath" Association had a "conference" with Director of Public Safety Smyth, and immediately following it announced that an "un-derstanding" had been reached and that "the police department will co-operate with our society and with those interested in Sunday closing in the various lines of trade concerned, to se-cure a compliance with the Sunday law as follows : That no business shall be done on Sunday in banks, dry goods stores, laundries, photograph galleries, or barber shops; that meat shops, gro-ceries, vegetable and fruit stores shall be closed at 9 o'clock on Sunday morn-ing, and do no business for the rest of the day ; that milk delivery wagons shall close at that hour and remain closed for the day ; that hucksters with baskets, wagons or stands will not be allowed to sell on the streets or pave-ments of the city on Sunday ; that merry-go-rounds, shows or amusements of the kind will not be allowed to do business on Sundays anywhere in the city." This came short of what was demanded by the "Sabbath" Associa-tion, but Dr. Mutchler declared: "Our association is willing to unite with the police upon almost any compromise that may seem right and fair. We do not wish to appear bigoted, and our as-sociation has agreed not to prosecute grocers and butchers who close their shops by 9 o'clock or milkmen who are off the streets by 11 o'clock, with the understanding that the police will aid in keeping other business places closed all day." It was expected that Direc-tor Smyth would at once issue a spe-cial Sunday-closing order on the basis of the alleged arrangement, but the order was not issued, and Dr. Mutchler "was puzzled and annoyed" in conse-quence. Later, however, after the Pres-byterian and Methodist ministers' as-sociations, at the request of Mr. Mutch-ler, had adopted the following resolu-tions, the city authorities ordered the various amusements at Woodside and other parks closed on Sunday : "Whereas, The desregard for the law of our State in allowing business to be carried on on Sunday, such as banking, barbering and the laundry business, taking photographs, selling dry goods, cigars and candies and the running of amusements such as is being done on Sundays at Woodside Park, is, we be-lieve, harmful to the best interests of our community; and, Whereas, The carrying on of each of these lines of business has been decided by the courts of our State to be a violation of the Sunday law; therefore, be it resolved, That we most respectfully and earnestly petition the Director of Public Safety, David J. Smyth, to take such action as will speedily have these violations of our Sunday laws discontinued." The amusement proprietors at first refused to obey the order, but after most of them had been arrested and fined, some of them a number of times, and they had failed to get relief from the courts, they succumbed. On June 1 "a delega-tion of thirty members of the Business Dealers' Protective Association called. on Mayor Weaver and requested that. there be less rigidity and discrimination in the enforcement of the blue laws.' In reply the mayor stated that "Direc-tor Smyth has issued no orders concern-ing the Sunday laws," and had " author-ized no one to issue any statement in regard to them," and that "in their¥  enforcement he will not discriminate." In Philadelphia, where civic re- uproar about selling cigars and candy form is needed worse than anywhere on Sunday seems ridiculous enough.Ñelse in the country, the sight of all this Syracuse (N. Y.) Post. 