EDITORIAL  569 gument for the cause in behalf of which they are asserted. They are destitute of even the redeeming feature that rhetorical elegance might impart to them. We care nothing for the politics of the matter, nor as to what political party it may be whose adherents advance such propositions. We simply want it to be known that in the United States, the government of which was dedicated to the rule of right as its highest law, the time has now come when might is the principal argument that is en;iployed in behalf of its course in one of the gravest questions that has ever come before it. The disasters so far during the present year have been so numerous and fatal to human life that the matter is occasioning widespread comment, and has already es-tablished for 1902 the dismal distinction of being "a year of disasters." "The ele-mental forces appear strangely busy in.  destroying human life 'these days," says the Springfield Republican, and the Chi-cago Tribune applies to the matter the words, "One woe doth tread upon an-other's heel, so fast they follow." The Tribune has carefully preserved the sta-tistics, and finds that for the first five months of the year 50,505 human lives have been destroyed by nature's elemen-tal disturbances alone. And it estimates that this number would be almost doubled if there were added to it the lives lost by fires, mine disasters, explosions, railroad accidents, vessel wrecks, and accidents of all sorts. "The catastrophe of to-day is a sensation for the day, and to-morrow is generally forgotten," says the Tribune, and it is a fact which has impressed itself . upon all who are observant. It seems to argue a lack of human feeling and an utter indifference to the value of human life, but it must be largely due to the fre-quency of the disasters themselves, which exceeds the capacity of human nature for  horror and sympathy and necessarily pro-duces the indifference which follows from familiarity. But no one should be-come indifferent to the increasing tide of calamities in the earth, for it may be sig-nificant of something that it is of the utmost importance for all to know. We confess that When we hear of such an instance of the work of Sunday-en-forcement champions as that repOrted from Plattsmouth, Neb., in our "Sunday Enforcement" department, and others similar to it that are frequently reported, we feel that it is a pity the true princi-ples of law and order are not applied with vigor and strenuousness to some of these self-styled law and order organizations and their deeds. We understand and can in a degree sympathize with, even while we oppose the principle upon which they proceed, those who in their anxiety for the "protection" of the "Sabbath" are moved to appeal to the law against Sun-day games, etc., which draw large crowds and are apt to be attended by noisy and rowdy demonstrations. But we can dis-cover no excuse whatever for this pounc-ing upon boys who are playing ball on Sunday without any unusual noise and demonstration for their own entertain-ment and exercise. In fairness and jus-tice the boys who thus play ball have as much right to have the ministers, who are the leading spirits in these organizations that frequently cause them to be arrested and fined, indicted and fined for preach-ing or doing whatever else they may do on Sunday, as the ministers have to inter-fere in this way with them when engaged in games that interfere with nobody's rights. The fact that there happens to be a law on the statute books which enables the ministers to dissemble their un-scrupulous bigotry behind the shallow pretense of a zeal for "law and its en-forcement" is entirely aside from the 