836 THE SENTINEL OF Ł not only patriotism in their solution, but faith in God, who has placed upon us the responsi-bility for this advancement of His work. For all of these blessings [which had just been re-counted in the proclamation], we should ren-der homage to Him. I therefore designate Thursday, November 27, 1902, as a day of thanksgiving and praise. Let us on that day put aside the cares of life, and in our homes and in our respective places of worship, with hearts full of thanksgiving and with a faith in our future which can only come through a firm reliance upon Almighty God, offer up prayers of thanksgiving and supplications for a continuance of divine favor. Or this from the recent proclamation of President Roosevelt : According to the yearly custom of our people it falls upon the President at this season to appoint a day of festival and thanksgiving to God. Ł.. Now, therefore, I. Theodore Roose-velt, President of the United States, do hereby designate as a day of general thanksgiving Thursday, the. 27th of the coming November, and do recommend that throughout the land the people cease from their ordinary occu-pations, and in their several homes and places of worship render thanks unto Almighty God for the manifold blessings of the past year. Such directions and recommendations are distinctly and unmistakably an as-sumption by civil officials of authority touching matters of faith and worship. And persons who have no desire or in-tention whatever to question the pro-priety of the issuing of such proclama-tions frequently give unwitting testimony to the fact that the practise is not in ac-cord with the principle of separation of church and state. "Protestant" clergy-men frequently cite the custom in jus-tification of their demand for Sunday en-forcement, and Roman Catholic ecclesi-astics frequently point to it as an author-itative endorsement of the principle upon which they demand religious instruction in the public schools and even public sup-port of parochial schools. The custom was recently quoted by Justice Holcomb,  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of the Nebraska Supreme Court, in sup-port of his dissent from the view of that court that Bible readings should not take place in the public schools; and a few weeks since the Rev. Dr. McFarland, of Topeka, Kans., in a sermon setting forth "the church's business with politics" and its duty "to watch the issues" and "stand guard" over the state, made this utter-ance: Some say that the functions of the church and state are separate. Yet they are found in very close relations one with the other. . . . Every year the President and the governor issue proclamations setting aside a day on which all the people shall gather for thanks-giving to God for His mercies to them. The evil of this comparatively harmless custom of issuing Thanksgiving procla-mations is in the precedent that it affords for things that are exceedingly harmful and dangerous, for the principle of such things is in it and endorsed by it. Although it is true that the first Presi-dent of the United States issued thanks-giving proclamations that were just as inconsistent with the American doctrine of separation of church and state and none the less an assumption of authority in matters of faith and worship than any that have ever been issued since, it is not true, as is supposed by many people, that the custom of proclaiming an annual thanksgiving day for the nation has pre-vailed from the beginning of its history. The custom was established only thirty-nine years ago, that is in those dark days of '63 when clergymen of a certain cast of mind made the state of the country an occasion for seeking to rid the Gov-ernment of its "atheism" and setting it in what they considered right relations with God, bringing into existence the "God-in-the-Constitution" party, since known as the "National Reform Associa-tion." Previous to that time thanksgiv-ing proclamations by the chief executive 