156 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY timent of the community has to do with religious practises and observances, it should not be represented by legislation. But in the sphere in which it is the province of government to operate it is proper that the highest moral sentiment of the community should be represented by its legislation. And this sentiment will not lead to the enactment of laws wholly impracticable and unsuited to the condition of the people for whom they are made. That which is true moral sentiment will never be so short-sighted as to attempt to make men moral and devout by legislation, and will always oppose legislation which introduces co-ercion into those things which the Author of all morals has made matters of individual choice. The Papacy evidently regards a fair ( ?) exchange as no robbery. The reports from Rome regarding the appointment of an American representative at the papal court state that in return for this favor "the Vatican has intimated its de-sire to meet American wishes in the Philippines, and would gradually with-draw the friars, substituting American clergy, and possibly create another car-dinal in the United States." No doubt the Papacy considers that her power is such in the Philippines that the Gov-ernment will be very glad to listen to any terms of settlement she may pro-pose. 'We cannot imagine, however, why she should suppose that the crea-tion of another cardinal in the United States would be of any interest or grati-fication to the Government. It is true that there have been reports circulated in the past to the effect that high offi-cials of the Government were very much interested in the matter of having Arch-bishop Ireland made a cardinal. But  this is a concern so foreign and so opposed to the business of government that we have hoped that there was no truth whatever in the reports, and have regarded them as simply a specimen of the methods employed in becoming "a prince of the church." It seems, how-ever, that at the Vatican the idea has obtained that this is a matter in which the Government is much interested. The New York Journal has been pub-lishing during the past two months a series of articles by prominent men and women on "How to Make an Ideal Sun-day for a Cosmopolitan American City," or "How Best to Aid the Masses of the People to Secure Rational Enjoyment on the Sabbath, with Special Reference to the Open Saloon." On another page we display prominently some extracts from three of the articles that have appeared. The words we have quoted are worthy of more emphasis than we can give them, for they strike the key-note of the subject of Sunday legislation. Read them carefully. While the writers of the articles from which the first and last extracts are taken are inclined to favor the policy of open saloons on Sunday, for a part of the time at least, they do so from no friendship for the liquor traffic itself, but because they believe that this policy will obviate some of the evils that now exist. They plainly see that the question of the saloon, at least so far as government is concerned, is not a question of the sacredness or non-sacredness of days, but is a question of a great evil that is the same on one day as it is on another, with regard to which there are widely differing senti-ments, and in dealing with which by legislation heed must be given to the dic-tates of experience and common sense. 