NOTE AND COMMENT ^ 2 5 of the virulence with which he attacked, as a public speaker, what he regarded as unjust and abusive in public affairs, and those who opposed him on such points, and because of two things con-nected with his governorship of Illinois from 1892 to 1896: His pardoning of the anarchists who had been sentenced to imprisonment for life because of alleged complicity in the Haymarket dynamite explosion and riot of 1886, and his con-duct with regard to the great railroad strike of 1894, when he declined to call out the State militia and protested against the presence of Federal troops. Because of these things he has been re-garded by most people as a very danger-ous man. But the Times, of this city, which is not prejudiced in his favor, says that he "was not quite so black as he was painted or as the American people im-agined him to be. He was not consciously the enemy of mankind or a foe to public order. He sincerely desired to see man-kind happier. He felt that a great part of his fellow-beings were wronged, op- pressed, and cheated of their rights. Ac-cording to his understanding and his lights he tried to restore the equilibrium by exalting the humble and pressing down the mighty." Mr. Altgeld was fifty-five years of age. He was born in Germany, and was brought to this copn-try by his parents when three months old. On March 10 news came from South Africa of one of the most severe defeats experienced by the English since the be-ginning of the war. General Methuen, who a short time ago predicted that the war would be over in a few months, with 90o mounted troops and 300 infantry and quite a train of baggage wagons, was on his way to join another detachment. His force was suddenly attacked and stam- peded just after dawn by a much smaller force of Bbers under General De La Rey. Three officers and thirty-eight men were killed, and nearly ioo wounded, includ-ing General Methuen, who with over 500 of the British force and the baggage, fell into the hands of the Boers. The news was received with dismay and astonish-ment in England. The depression, how-ever, was somewhat relieved by the news which came later that General De La Rey had magnanimously released General Methuen, sending him over to his comrades where— he could have treat-ment for his severe wound. This act re-verts attention to the act of the British in putting the Boer leader, Scheepers, to death a short time ago, and it is won-dered what they will now do with Gen-eral Kruitzinger, who was captured wounded and is now held a prisoner. The reports of Lord Kitchener since May, 1901, have accounted for 15,374 Boers, killed, wounded, made prisoners, and surrendered, which is more than the es-timate made by the British War Depart-ment of the number of Boers remaining in the field in June, 1901. This late Boer victory, therefore, creates some astonish-ment in England, and indicates that the Boers are not as nearly conquered as has been supposed. Ł3 After months of delay Congress at last gives some promise of heeding "the weighty reasons of morality and national interest" which the President in Decem-ber declared called for the enactment of some measure in the interest of Cuba's material well-being. But the ''benevo-lence" and "generosity" of her big bene-factor is not likely to melt Cuba's heart. A 20 per cent. reduction of the tariff duties in favor of Cuba is proposed, which is said to be "but half of what Gen-eral Wood regarded as desirable, and 