52 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. the cost of pensions added in the United States, is as follows: United Kingdom, $445,080,000 ; United States, $330,727,-000 ; Russia, $308,800,000 ; Germany, $206,900,000 ; France, $2o4,5oo,000. The second largest corporation ever formed was incorporated at Trenton, N. J., on November 13. It is known as the Northern Securities Company, and will control three hitherto independent rail-way systemsŠthe Northern Pacific, the Great Northern, and the Chicago, Bur-lington & QuincyŠand it is expected that this great combination will be made still greater shortly byŁ the addition of other railway systems. The three sys-tems now combined comprise more than 20,000 miles of track, and the combined capital stock is over $5oo,000,000. The amount of the filing fee of the new cor-poration, comprising interests "of al-most unparalleled magnitude," was $8o,000, and was paid by the check of J. P. Morgan & Company. Saturday Night (Toronto) says that "a letter from an Old Country sub-scriber earnestly advocates the giving over to vivisectionists of those persons convicted of killing or attempting to kill kings, potentates or presidents." "He thinks," says this journal, "the cause of science would be advanced by the carv-ing up of the quivering flesh of the living victims, and that such a course would prevent the recurrence of similar crimes." It is well that such suggestions as this one are meeting with little favor. Saturday Night says : "If such a method of disposing of criminals were defensible, why not send all murderers and would-be murderers to the operat-ing-table? The life of the peasant is as  sacred as that of the king, and without destroying the whole foundation of law and order the punishment of deliberate murder cannot be made greater in one instance than in another." Julia Marlowe, the actress, con-tributes to a recent number of Collier's Weekly an interesting paper in answer to an inquiry as to how "the theatre and the church may be brought into closer sympathy." At its conclusion she says : "A point on which I am in thorough accord with the strictest sec-tarian is the open Sunday theatre. No one should be compelled to work seven days a week, and players, owing to the emotional strain their work involves, should, of all persons, pay strict heed to the commandment which is intended to aid the spiritual, intellectual, and phys-ical growth of all Christendom. . . . It is bad mentally, morally, and physically for anybody to work on Sundays, and one does not need any more ingenious answer to the question [of Sunday the-atres]." If this expression is representative of the opinion of the leaders of the stage there is at least one point on which "the theatre and the church may be brought into closer sympathy." On the night of November 13 and 14 astronomers kept vigil watching for the "missing Leonides," which, in the lan-guage of Mr. Garrett P. Serviss, the as-tronomer, "covered the heavens with an umbrella of darting flames in 1833." The meteors did not appear, and now it is "the turn of mathematicians to solve the mystery of their disappearance." Mr. Serviss says that "the failure of these meteors to return at the opening 