788 THE SENTINEL OF candy and cigar stores and stands, and in self defense these small dealers formed an organization called the " Business Men's Protective Associa-tion." Further, however, than secur-ing the services of an attorney this seems to have secured them no protec-tion. But it has served the very useful purpose of giving publicity to what was being done, for the secretary of this organization, Mr. C. J. Field, has from time to time furnished to the press de- tailed accounts of the work being done by the representatives of the "Sab-bath" Association or as the result of their activity. In reporting this matter we shall draw largely upon these ac-counts. The following general review of the whole crusade by Mr. Field was published in several of the Philadelphia papers early in November : A Review of Twelve Months' Work of the "Sabbatarians" I feel constrained to write you a re-view of twelve months' work of the Sabbatarians, and of the prosecutions they have brought against one class only, thereby discriminating. Dr. Mutchler, secretary of the Philadel-phia Sabbath Association, had twelve months ago comparatively relaxed his distasteful work for some cause or other. He, however, found a lieutenant in the person of the Rev. George S. Vail. November last, 1902, this Geo. S. Vail sent out an edict, announcing that all cigars and candy stores must close, and if after he had warned them they persisted in keeping their stores open, that he would institute prosecu-tions against each and every one. At the time when this "dictator" was sending out his intimidatory orders thousands of men were employed in tearing up the main streets of Philadel-phia for the Philadelphia Rapid Transit Company. Chestnut and Walnut Streets were alive with men every Sun-day. Heavy machine hammers and everything went on just the same as on an ordinary day. All this, however, was allowed to pass unoticed by these  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY two worthy preachers who had under-taken to dictate what should be allowed and what should not be allowed. Vail's " edict " was not intended for any "large" violator. No; it only meant cigar and candy dealers and druggists. Some of the last named have been fined for selling soda water on Sundays. It is a fair and honest question to ask : Why was this discriminating edict not carried out on all violators? Why should the one class have been selected as especial marks for these two dicta-tors ? They never have at any time had the termerity to go up against any larger game than that I have men-tioned. Vail has figured in all prosecu-tions since last November. Several magistrates were seen by these prosecuting ministers, but refused to act in such unsavory work. Finally Magistrate Thos. W. South took up with their " stupendous " task of help-ing to close up the harmless businesses herein mentioned. The scenes that have been enacted from the inception of their glorious ( ?) prosecutions would take too long to describe. But suffi-cient to say that I have seen the widow who has to support herself and family under the most adverse circumstances, the tottering old men and women, the cripples on crutches Š even blind men have been arrested by these Sabbath people and hailed before Magistrate South. Illustrative of the glaring discrimi-nation which has characterized the cru-sade, I might cite the case of Edward Hungerford, an employee of Baldwin's Locomotive Works, who also keeps a small store. Two weeks ago he was accused in court by Biddle, an agent of the Sabbath Association, of having ac-cepted a few cents in exchange for goods at his store on Sunday. The paid agent tempted his man into making the sale and then turned upon him, caused his arrest, and sought to have him fined and made an example of as a violator of the law ! Hungerford was absent, and his wife came forward and said that her husband was at home laid up with a smashed foot. The magistrate asked how he came to have his foot smashed, and she replied that it was done while at work at Baldwin's. Now 1 I 