THE RELIGION AND PUBLIC EDUCATION ISSUEŠIII 765 efficiency of the saloons and the gam-bling houses, and perhaps also to the type of character which the later im-migration is landing on our shores. And the remedy must be sought, not merely, nor even mainly, by a change in our public schools, although moral improvement in them is both possible and desirable, but by a change in our -whole conception of education, both public and private; by a fuller recog- nition of the fact that the end of all true education is character-building; by a better home training; by more prac-tical and more spiritual ministry in our churches; in short, by a general elevation of public sentiment through the work of press, pulpit, home, and schools of every description, whether public or private, whether controlled by the state, the church, or the indi-vidual owner. The caste system and the domina-tion of the church have gone together in the English system of education. The claim of the clergy to supervise education, coming down from past ages of ecclesiastical supremacy, has never been wholly repudiated by the United Kingdom. Church schools, conducted by the different varying denominations, obtained a strong footing while yet the idea of democracy in education was unknown. The present chaotic and in-efficient educational system of Britain, so far .behind that of Germany or the United States, is the net result. In order to effect any improvement in pop-ular education the British government has been led to grant state aid to the schools of the various religious organi-zations, and this has so aroused de-nominational passions that thousands of people to-day are permitting their household goods to be sold at auction by the.  government, rather than pay taxes to support church schools. It is the agitation of this particular ques-tion, no doubt, that has induced leading English educators to come to America in search of ideas and information con-cerning educational problems. Eng-land's experience should induce a much stronger conviction than has ever be-fore been held by our people that the American public-school system is es, sentially sound and is better adapted to the needs of a democratic republic than any other that could be devised.  Our public schools are founded on two principles which should never be aban-doned, and these are, first, democracy in education, as opposed to the caste idea of the British aristocracy ; second, absolute freedom from the blight of religious denominationalism. It is im-possible to introduce the influence of religious denominations into the sys-tem of public education without de-stroying its unity and gravely impair-ing its efficiency. Until religious denominations find a common basis of belief and action, until the unification of religious thought and worship is accomplished sufficiently to eliminate religious rivalries, prejudices, and hates, let ecclesiasticism leave the edu-cation of the masses to that agency which alone, in this country, has the means and the power to make educa-tion at once free, universal, and demo-cratic. That agency is the state. . . . The schools which the state provides at great expense stand for freedom and equality of opportunity, and for such social fluidity that the divisions be-tween social classes shall not become hardened into impassable barriers, in themselves weakening to orderly gov-ernment and a stable, conservative so-ciety.Š Springfield Republican. "Divine truth and life coming into human hearts from above is the only means of preventing or ,cheeking moral and spiritual decay:" 