THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY 189 June 21, 1894, a communication ad-dressed to the princes and peoples of the Universe " in which he informed them that " It is we who hold the regency of God on earth." A regency is the of-fice and administration of a regent. And a regent is " an administrator of a realm during the minority or incapacity of a king " ; " one who rules or reigns, hence one invested with vicarious authority ; one who governs a kingdom in the minority, absence, or disability of the sovereign." And this same Papacy it is, and by this same man as Pope, that has published to the United States and the world that " what the Church has done in the past for others, she will do for the United States." This same Papacy it is, and by this same man as Pope, that has commis-sioned " the Catholics of America to go forward " and " bring your fellow-coun-trymen, bring your country, into imme-diate contact with that great secret of blessedness "Šthe Papacy. This Papacy it is, and by this same man as Pope, that has declared that " here in America do we have more than elsewhere the key to the future " ; and that it is as the key to the future that she proposes that what she has done for other nations in the past she will now do for the United States. It is for these reasons that we have taken the space in these columns to set forth at considerable length exactly what " she has clone in the past for others." For these reasons all that we have pre-sented is matter entirely pertinent to the consideration of the relationship of the Papacy to the government of the United States to-day. There can be no sort of question that what she has done for other nations she will do for the United States, as certainly as she shall ever have a chance, for noth-ing else is in her to do. By Hallam it has been truly said : " Those who know what Rome has once been, are best able to appreciate what she is." And it can ever just as truly be said : Those who know what Rome has once done with nations when she had supreme and per-fect opportunity, can best appreciate what she will do whenever she shall find satis-factory opportunity. Yet it is not alone for the United States that she proposes now to do what she has done for other nations in the past. What she has done for other nations in the past she proposes in the future to do again even for them. But this for them she must do through what she shall be able to do for the United States. From the Vatican it has been published in the United States that Leo XIII. " wants America to be powerful, in order that Europe may regain strength from borrowing a rejuvenated type " ; that " he hails in the united American States... the source of new life for Europeans " ; and that " if the United States succeed in solving the many problems that puzzle us, Europe will follow her example, and this outpouring of light will mark a date in the history not only of the United States, but of all humanity." That is true. America is the key to the future. If only she can control that key she can control the future. It is a far-reaching scheme. Is she getting her facile hand upon that key ? Let us look about us at what is before the eyes of all, and see how the matter stands. Not long ago the Boston correspondent of the Springfield Republican used this expression : " an American clergyman of the state church." He followed it thus :  " whatever that may be (I am inclined to think it is the Roman Catholic Church at present)." This remark is not altogether without reason and foundation. 