-54 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY lowed to pass, lest the provisions of Heaven be lost." In the year 858, A. D., Pope Nicholas I, in his instructions to the Burgundians who had lately em-braced Christianity, taught them that there were no days on which works of necessity, such as journeying, fight-ing, etc., might not be performed. (Lewis's Hist., Ibid. 67.) It was stated by Chief Justice Lowrie, in Common-wealth vs. Nesbit (supra), in constru-ing the words of the act of 1794: `Some worldly employments are ex-pressly allowed, such as removing one's family, the delivering of milk and the necessaries of life, and the business of ferrymen and innkeepers, and, of course, these may be performed by a person or his servants, and by all -the ordinary means adopted for this purpose, and which are not in them-selves forbidden, and all worldly em-ployments are allowed which in their nature consist of acts of necessity or charity, or if they become so for the time being by reason of famine, flood, fire, pestilence or other disaster. . . . The law regards that as necessary which the common sense of the coun-try, in its ordinary modes of doing its business, regards as necessary." Accepting in its broadest sense the definition of works of necessity as used in connection with Sunday legislation, it is not possible to conceive of a neces-sity which compels a person to become a party to an offense which is suscep-tible of proof upon view. That it may be more convenient for an informer to buy than to wait for a precarious customer cannot make the work one of necessity. The defendant was properly con-victed, and the judgment of the magis-trate is affirmed, and. the appeal dis-missed at the cost of the appellant. This decision of the Court of Quarter Sessions then establishes the point that a method of procedure which has been the chief reliance of the Philadelphia "Sabbath" Association in its Sunday-enforcement crusade is itself illegal under the very statute in the enforce-ment of which it has been employedŠthat in the very process of enforcing  the Sunday law the "Sabbath" Asso-ciation has deliberately and persistently violated the Sunday law. In the very act of apprehending others its agents have violated the law themselves; they have been hired violators of the Sunday law. The "Sabbath" Association in-sists that disregard of the Sunday "law" is lawlessness and anarchy, so according to its own dictum it stands before the community as an instigator and abettor of lawlessness and anarchy. And while the violation of the Sunday law that has been carried on under the auspices of the "Sabbath" Association has been from the standpoint of the statute itself just as bad as the viola-tion of the statute for which it has hounded and prosecuted and perse-cuted thousands of poor citizens of Philadelphia, from the standpoint of morals its violation of the law has been infinitely worse. The violation by the shopkeepers was respectable and hon-orable ; the violation under the auspices of the "Sabbath" Association has been vicious and dishonorable. Such work is bound sooner or later to reap the con-tempt that it deserves, and it seems that the time of reaping for this work of the Philadelphia "Sabbath" Asso-ciation has arrived. The first editorial in the Public Ledger on January 11 was headed, "The Blue Law Spy," and was as follows : The blue-law prosecutors have cause to be discouraged in their efforts to cleanse the city from the awful blight of Sunday candy and the Sunday cigar. The magistrate before whom the pro-cession of suspected shopkeepers Špoor widows, crippled and disabled me-chanics, inoffensive, looking foreigners, scarcely any of whom betray by ap-pearances the abandoned character which comports with crime so heinous and dreadful as accepting a nickel from a spy on Sunday Š the magis-trate is showing signs of waning zeal, if not of disgust. The grand jury has 