EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT  421 And he did it in "three years." Now if one man could in three years fit such a people for self-government, why cannot the Americans in the Philippines fit the Filipinos for self-government in the same length of time? Why have they not al-ready fitted them for it? Why assume that it must take generations and cen-turies to do for the Filipinos what has been done by one man for another people in three years' time? Surely the condi-tion of the Filipinos is not and has not been worse than that of the Cubans as here described. Surely at the very worst that can be conceived they could not have been worse off with respect to fitness for self-government than was " a people untrained utterly and absolutely in self-government." Of course the idea that General Wood or any other American or any number of Americans could " take a people untrained utterly and absolutely in self-government " and fit them for it in three years' time is utterly prepos-terous. If the Cubans are to-day fitted to govern themselves, as admitted and declared, then they were essentially fitted to do so before General Wood undertook to train them, and the matter simply shows that a people may be fitted to govern themselves at the very time when in the estimation of imperialism they are utterly and absolutely unfitted for self-government. This is how imperialism stands in this matter : Four or five years ago there were two peoples utterly and absolutely unfitted for id f-government. To-day one of these peoples is fitted to govern itself ; the other is not, and can-not, hope to be for a long, long time to come. Yet both have had the same na.-.  tional tutor. Why is this thus? Ah ! in the one case the rule of the United States had to be withdrawn, the tutelage had to be discontinued, and it is to the interests of imperialism to have the benefits of that rule and tutelage appear wonderful and marvelous; in the other  case the rule of the United States does not have to be withdrawn, there is no troublesome pledge requiring it, and it is desired to keep the people and their country under the rule of the United States, and therefore the interests of im-perialism require that the idea shall pre-vail that their term of tutelage in prep-aration for self-government must be a long and indefinite one. It is plain that the " dependencies " of the United States are to be kept in a state of perpetual subjection if those whose counsels have hitherto prevailed with re-gard to them can have their way. In March the judiciary committee of the Executive Council of ¥ Porto Rico made a report on a memorial which " prayed for the formal extension of the Consti-tution of the United States to Porto Rico by Congressional enactment, and for the erection of the island into an ' organized Territory ' of the United States, in order to establish the possibility of its trans-ition into Statehood.' " On the general ground that Porto Rico was better off as she was, the committee " strongly dis-approved of the proposals, and recom-mended that consideration of them be indefinitely postponed." The New York Tribune at once declared that the com-mittee was " well advised," but declared that the one fault of the report was that it did not " go far enough " ; " it should have carried its cogent arguments to their logical conclusion, and have pointed out the desirability, indeed the necessity, of dismissing all thoughts of Statehood." In its issue of June 22 the Tribune had this to say in an editorial headed, " Not a Part of the Nation," with reference to a memorial that has been addressed to Congress by the Ponce branch of the Chamber of Commerce of Porto Rico : The view is taken in the memorial, in an unqualified manner, that Porto Rico is, or is considered, economically an integral part of 