428 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of liberty, Mr. Barnes did not paint the present and the future in the roseate hues now so commonly applied. He said that civilization was on the eve of, or perhaps in the midst of, a great transition period, but that present indications did not prom-ise a great deal in the direction of individ-ual freedom. On the contrary, the in-dividual feeling was being succeeded by the group feeling; that instead of a pas-sion for individual liberty there was de-veloping a passion for combination and centralization with the view of powerful and extensive control. The tendency is more and more to subject the individual to the group. Throughout the Anglo-Saxon world there is abroad what Mr. Barnes termed "a fateful feeling," shown in the growing prevalence of the idea of "destiny," which is fatal to individualism and tends to the consolidation and the ab-solutism of the mass. In short, although Mr. Barnes did not use this language, that imperialism is developing in the world, and developing just as it is obliged to when it springs out of such conditions as now obtain in the civilized world. It is democratic imperialism at first, and manifests itself by emphasizing the authority and power of the mass and belittling the rights and liberties of the individual. It was at this point that Mr. Barnes touched upon that which gives the head to this article. He said that this new state of affairs was due more than any-thing else to the doctrine and theories of evolution, now so widely accepted. From what we gathered from his lec-tures Mr. Barnes by no means rejects the theory of evolution, but he declared plainly in his last lecture that it was com-ing to teach the doctrine of predestina-tion as certainly and as absolutely as ever Calvinism did. It laid down the doctrine that all things are controlled by inex-orable law which the individual was pow- erless to affect one way or the other, and hence that what was to be would be in spite of all that could be done. This pro-duced that widespread "fateful feeling" and the doctrine of destiny which swept aside moral considerations and subor-dinated the individual to the mass. Mr. Barnes declared, and properly so, that this was a fatal and dangerous at-titude. It is an attitude which may boast of its intellectual accuracy and its scien-tific precision, but in essence it does not differ materially from the attitude of Mary Tudor who once said: "As the souls of heretics are hereafter to be eternally burning in hell, there can be nothing more proper than for me to imitate the divine vengeance by burning them on earth." There are certain publicists of high personal character in the United States to-day who hold that because civilization should take the place of barbarism, the civilized nations are justified in tramp-ling upon every moral principle in the at-tempt to spread civilization among "in-ferior" peoples. So far as this world is concerned the new Calvinism is more fatal and danger-ous than the old. The old Calvanism was a theological belief and had to do with conditions and destinies in a future state ; the new Calvinism is also theological, but it is far more social and political, and it demands that all the affairs of men shall be made to bend to it here and now. Another Sunday Bill in Congress The first Sunday bill to make its ap-pearance in Congress since 1895 was in-troduced in the Senate on May 1 by Sen-ator Dillingham of Vermont. It is en-titled, "A Bill to further protect the first clay of the week in the District of Co-lumbia." After beinc,  read twice it was 