502  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY pediency and not principle has been the guiding star in this Philippine business so far, and that it will require a very stiff-backed Administration to stand up against the Catholic antagonism that is sure to be aroused if the Government goes ahead without the Pope's sanction with the present program with regard to "the Church" in the Philippines. This very matter of sending this commission to the Vatican points already toward the adoption of the method of expediency rather than of principle in the settlement of this problem. And if expediency does control in the matter it is not difficult to see how easily it may lead to the condi-tion of affairs suggested in the instruc-tions of the Secretary of War to Gov-ernor TaftÑthe employment of armed forces by the United States in collecting  from an 'unwilling people the rents for lands claimed by the friars and the im-position upon them of unwelcome Cath-olic priestsÑtwo things that will rouse them to resistance quicker than anything else. The question as it would present itself to the politician who is willing to disregard principle in the interests of himself or his party would simply be the choice between the enmity of the non-voting subjects in the Philippines and the enmity of the millions of Catholic voters in the trnited States. The prece-dents now being established with regard to the Filipinos are not propitious for them under such circumstances. The way is practically open now for the use, with a vengeance, of the power of the United States Government in behalf of papal falsehoods and delusions. Present Frittering Away of the Declaration [From communication by Hon. George S. Boutwell, of Massachusetts, published in Spring- field Republican of May 20. See editorial note.] SENATOR LODGE'S speech at Dor-chester Heights on the 17th of March is a speech of great art in politics. The event that was commemoratedÑthe evacuation of Boston on the correspond-ing day of the year 1776Ñis very much enlarged beyond the dimensions that it has assumed in history, although I cannot say that that event was unduly enlarged, but, in one respect, of which I am to speak, its importance was very much diminished. Mr. Lodge attributed to the evacuation of Boston and the departure of the British army and fleet the future independence of the colonies, the estab-lishment of the Constitution of the United States, the enlargement of our territory to the Mississippi River, and  ultimately to the Pacific Ocean, but he neglected to notice one important event which has influenced the world more even than the enlargement of our terri-tory or the framework of our govern-ment. That event was the Declaration of Independence on the fourth day of July following the evacuation of the tAwn of Boston. . . . It is probable that the Declaration would have been made at some time by the Colonies, even if the attempt of Washington in March, 1776, had been, for the' moment, a failure; but the event which was celebrated the 17th day of March, 19o2, made it certain that the independence of the Colonies was to be established without delay. It led the re- 