EDITORIAL 53 readers of THE SENTINEL the benefit of copious extracts from them. But it must be said that none did more to exhibit the real character of Sunday legislation and to show that it exceeds the proper limits of civil authority than those who most strongly championed it in this instance. They made it plain all the time that their opposition to the by-law re-moving the prohibition against Sunday street-car service was inspired by " moral and religious motives " Š that is, by their theological opinions concerning Sabbath observance, which are of course no proper standard for determining questions of civil legislation. In one of the Sunday afternoon discussions on the question Rev. Mr. Roy declared : " It is incum-bent on the state so to legislate in a general way and in a special way, and restrict individual liberty of action on Sunday that undermines the Christian re-ligion and the religious observance of the Sabbath." " It becomes incumbent upon the state so to restrict individual liberty of action on Sunday that it may not nul-lify the religious observance of Sunday." " Christianity must be at the basis of Sunday legislation." It is evident that those who most strongly opposed the authorization of Sunday street-cars in Winnipeg did so simply because they re-garded it as being a blow at the legal support and protection of the religious Sunday. They could not bear to surren-der even that much of the legislation by which " the religious observance of the Sabbath," and " the Christian religion " to that extent, is supported and main-tained by the state. It is to be hoped, however, that a genuine moral victory will be brought about in this matter be-fore a great while. " The absolute severance of the state from all organic connection with religion is absolutely essential to the safety of the civil and religious liberty of the people." The President Takes a Hand in the Campaign Against "Apostle" Smoot THE campaign of opposition to the election of " Apostle " Reed Smoot to the Senate that is being carried on by min-isterial alliances, the W. C. T. U., and other religious forces, seems to have borne fruit to the extent of leading Presi-dent Roosevelt to take a hand in the mat-ter. Senator Kearns, of Utah, has been reported thus in a newspaper interview : When I went to Salt Lake City to spend the holidays with my family I bore a message from President Roosevelt to Mr. Reed Smoot. The message was to the effect that there was no objection to Mr. Smoot personally or his re-ligious faith, but that the election of an apostle would arouse opposition and inject an unfor-tunate question into national politics and create unfavorable comment. President Roosevelt re-quested me to state, in the manner I am now stating it, that he very much hoped no apostle would be elected. According to Senator Kearns a mem-ber of the upper house of the Utah legis-lature was asked by the President to con-vey a similar message to the Republican members of the Utah legislature. The President had said : " I desire Utah to place me on record as kindly, but firmly, advising against the election of any apostle to the United States Senatorship." It would be interesting to know where the President gets the authority for his action in this matter. Such information would be none the less interesting from the fact that the President has carefully refrained from " meddling " with Sena-torial affairs in Delaware, where the no-torious corruptionist Addicks has not only been a candidate for the Senate for years, but has deprived the State of its repre-sentation in the Senate. By putting a few things together, however, it is not diffi-cult to know whence the President re-ceived his inspiration for this action. A dispatch conveys the information that he had " been much importuned to write a 