Soo  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY portion of that step. It has gone out of its way to do deference to the Papacy; and the Papacy has had no other thought all along than what the matter meant in this way for her. The idea of the matter being "merely a business transaction" has not been her idea at all, and she has been grieved that emphasis has been put ' upon that idea by the Government. When the news reached Rome of the definite and positive announcement that had been made in this country that the mission of Governor Taft was to be in no sense diplomatic, but merely "a busi-ness transaction with the owners of property," the word came back in a spe-cial cable to the New York Tribune, un-der date of May 27, that it had "some-what dampened the enthusiasm at the Vatican" : It was hoped that the mission would be the first step toward the establishment of some kind of diplomatic relations between Wash-ington and the Papacy, but now it is under-stood that the American Government does not wish to give the mission such significance, al-though Governor Taft is charged to congratu-late the Pope on his jubilee. The Vatican is trying to. make the most of the occasion be-fore the world, and has prepared a reception with all the pomp of medieval gorgeousness for which it is famous. Just a few days before the sending of this cable the Rome correspondent of the Catholic Standard and Times (Philadel-phia) mailed to his paper a communica-tion bubbling over with the anticipated coming of "the Philippine Commission." He declared : "I can state on the highest authority that this action of the Ameri-can Administration is a source of strong-est satisfaction to the Pope, his minister, his court, and Rome in general." He told of the preparations being made for the reception of the commission, which ceremony was "to be something unique," and in hinting at some great secrets con-nected with this matter which he, as one of those persons deemed worthy by "the  Curia" to "receive in confidence the se-cret history of long negotiations," knew, stated that the starting-point in securing the sending of this commission from the United States "was the effort made to bring the Holy See and the Washington Administration into contact, which I mentioned in the Standard and Times of July 9 and 27, 1901." He said that "the initiative was that of President McKinley, but his efforts were met with the strongest pleasure and warmest sec-onding by Leo XIII.," and that "the great reason of delay has been the death of President McKinley." Another straw indicating the direction of the wind on this point, so far as the Papacy is concerned, are these words in a special dispatch to the New York Tribune from Rome, dated June 8: The influence of Archbishop Ireland has so increased since his work in securing the Taft delegation that it is thought here that his opin-ion will be taken into consideration before the appointment of Cardinal Martinelli's successor at Washington. It is understood that Arch-bishop Ireland is not personally opposed to Monsignor Falconio, the favorite candidate of the Pope, but he thinks the Vatican should send to Washington a prelate capable of main-taining not only the religious side of his posi-tion, -but the social side also, thus working for a relationship between America and the Vat-ican, such as it was hoped might be established by giving Governor Taft's visit the appearance of a diplomatic mission. And yet there are leading men, pro-fqssed Protestants, in the United States who are constantly talking about the de-votion of the "great St. Paul prelate" to American ideals ! It is evident that he is doing all he can to secure an alliance be-tween the American Government and "the Church," in spite of fundamental American principles and ideals. So little does the Vatican care about a mere business transaction in this mat-ter, and especially such a one as is pro-posed in the instructions sent with 