EDITORIAL 645 proper, since it is carefully stated that "Father McKinnon talked over this scheme with the late President McKinley, who approved it." We wonder if Presi-dent McKinley also approved the scheme, so much in evidence in Roman Catholic quarters, of having the President of the nation and other high officials of the Government represented as having such an interest in and connection with mat-ters so plainly outside their jurisdic-tion and cognizance as officials and so strictly pertaining to "the Church" her-self, that the impression is given that by virtue of their official positions they are constituted counselors and directors in the affairs of "the Church" ? Ł Attention has been drawn anew to the Sunday saloon question in New York City by some utterances made by Mayor Low in his weekly talk to reporters on August 7. He was talking on the duties of the police, and coming to the matter of .controlling the saloons declared that one saloon out of every five in New York has the legal right to sell liquor on Sun-day, and that "the police are not bound and neither will they be expected ordi-narily, in the enforcement of this law (Sunday-closing) and others like it, to go beyond what they can accomplish in full uniform." These and other state-ments in the same connection are re-garded by many as a virtual notification to the police not to enforce the law and to the saloon keepers that they' may feel perfectly safe from such enforcement. It certainly does not indicate that Mayor Low will insist on any very strict en-forcement of Sunday closing. The aver-age number of arrests throughout the city for selling liquor on Sunday from week to week is about twenty, which in-dicates that the saloons are being given a pretty free hand. Commenting on the Vatican negotia-tions the Boston Evening Transcript says that "the papal diplomatists always fight for the utmost delay possible," with two purposes in view : "To get any advan-tage that may turn up in prolonged nego-tiations, and to maintain their dignity in the eyes of their own people." It would seem that the papal diplomatists have been very successful in this instance as far as the delay part of their game is con-cerned. It now remains to be seen -how much advantage for them will yet turn up during the "prolonged negotiations." The Transcript adds that "besides having to consider its own prestige with its own p_ople, the Vatican has also to maintain its pretension that the Pope is still a great temporal prince who must be approached as such by other governments." Well, this pretension has certainly been main-tained in these negotiations, for if the Pope was not approached by the United States in the manner indicated, nobody will ever know how it was that he was approached. Ł The Sun, of this city, speaks out very decidedly against the proposition that has been made by some young Jews of the East Side for the formation of a dis-tinctively Jewish military organization, saying that if they wish to enter the mili-tia they should join the various regi-ments already organized by the State, and that "we want an American sol-diery," "but Jew regimentsŠnever !" We wonder why the Sun does not speak out in the same manner with regard to the military organizations which exist throughout this country as adjuncts to the Catholic Church. Our opinion is that in the choice between the two it would be better for this country to have volun-teer military organizations formed along racial lines than along sectarian and ec-clesiastical lines. 