AN INDICTMENT OF NEW YORK'S SUNDAY LAW  585 and perhaps will incur the imputation of too much repetition, but I am not willing to leave this part of the subject matter of my argument without attempting its further elucidation. If it is immoral to labor on the first day sabbath, it was immoral before the pass-ing of the law in question; otherwise that law could never make it so ; and then the law permitting labor on it would be immoral. If it was immoral before, it can be no less so after the passing of that act, for civil governments have no more right or power to alter or repeal a moral law than they have to make it ; and then it follows, as before, that a legislative act can neither sanctify the act or absolve aggressors from its moral ob-ligation. If the law is right in forbidding labor on the first day sabbath as immoral, it is wrong to allow it to be profaned by servile labor by any one, for all are equally bound by moral obligations. If it was right to permit those to labor on the first day sabbath who keep the seventh day as holy time, it could be right on no other principle than that it was not im-moral for them to do so. Then it could not be immoral in any others to do so  who do not believe the first day of the week to be appointed a sabbath by divine authority. The laws of morality, as I have before remarked, are obligatory on one as much as another, and equally so on all. No one can excuse himself, nor can any legislative act or any human power absolve him, from the performance of his moral obligations. For moral laws, like the God who made them, are uni-versal, omnipotent, omnipresent, un-changeable and eternal. They are con-sistent with themselves, and accordant with the " benevolent principles of rational liberty." They enjoin good will, and award the equal rights of conscience to all mankind. But the statute law in ques-tion, by forbidding labor, etc., to be done on Sunday as immoral, and then permit-ting it to be done, may well be likened to " a house divided against itself " ; it " cannot stand " the test of logical dis-quisition. Inconsistency is a certain and indelible mark of error, and the provisions of the law in question are so palpably and ir-reconcilably at variance with each other that they cannot be sustained on any righteous or consistent principles. Sunday Ball Playing Sunday ball playing is Promotive of  receiving endorsement Morality that is likely to prove troublesome to those clergymen who de-nounce it as a great evil and seek to sup-press it as a crime. Elsewhere 'we make note of its endorsement by " Rev. Geo. L. McNutt, the labor preacher." Before an audience of divinity and sociology stu-dents at Chicago University Professor Chas. R. Henderson, formerly a Baptist clergyman, and now chaplain of the uni-versity, professor of sociology, and " an international authority on criminology," recently made these statements that have been widely reported : ¥ Sunday baseball following participation in  Sunday religious exercises as a valuable and an easily available means of promoting moral-ity among young men and boys of limited op-portunity. I know that in taking this position I shall be considered unorthodox, and that other Protestant ministers will criticise the stand that I take. But after going over the entire situation the conclusion that I have reached is inevitable. We have here in Chi-cago, or anywhere else for that matter, a great group of boys passing through the years of adolescence. They do not know what to do with themselves. They must therefore be kept busy. They must be given constant and active outdoor occupation every day, including Sun-day. We Protestants are doing nothing ade-quate for the boys of our slums. On Sunday those boys, like all other boys and young men, will do something, they will go somewhereÑto the saloons if nothing better engages their attention. How infinitely better it is to have 