41 EDITORIAL 303 possible now. We could, officially, take no no-tice of his visit, and it is doubtful if the Presi-dent could accord him such personal recogni-tion even as he gave Mr. Booker Washington. Evidently Mr. Dooley might have truthfully added to his observation that "th' princes we hate is thim that are dead and harmless," also that "th' prisidents we love is thimithat are dead and harm-less." In his recent rapid tour in this country Prince Henry did not stop to rest on Sundays. This fact, as might have been expected, is regarded as a serious afront "to American ideals" by the friends of what they choose to regard as the "na-tional Sabbath." "We are well aware," says the Congregationalist of Boston, "that Continental opinions as to Sunday are different from American; that New York is a comsopolitan, and not a Puri-tan New England city ; that the Prince's stay in this country was limited, etc. The fact remains that, the officials of the United States consenting, his tour in this country was adjusted to non-American ideals, and not to American ideals. As a prince, as a man set upon a hill to serve as an ensample for other men, as a Lu-theran, as a guest desirous of accommo-dating himself to the customs of his host, Prince Henry should have spent Sundays when in this country in a way to indicate that God and worship were factors in civilization; and if his own sense of pro-priety or that of the German ambassador did not teach this, then the Department of State should have intimated it courte-ously but forcibly." The zeal for religion which manifests itself in this way will never accomplish anything worth accomplishing. The Prince and the Government might have done exactly what is desired here, and yet nothing would have been accom-plished for the cause of true religion, for  piety is not an attribute of princes and state departments, but of individuals ; and if the Prince as a man hadŁ desired to observe Sunday he could have done so, and have had his program arranged ac-cordingly. But evidently he did not de-sire to do so; and that being the case any pretended observance of the day in the manner set forth above would only have been a hollow mockery. The King and the " Englishman's Sunday " The eccentric Dr. Joseph Parker, of the City Temple, London, created some-what of a stir recently by criticising King Edward for his laxness in regard to Sunday observance. "If the King goes to a Sunday concert," said Dr. Par-ker, "as he did recently, he deals a deadly blow to the Englishman's Sunday. If the King, who is the head of the Church and the defender of the faith, can violate the English Sunday, what can the people do but follow in his steps ? I do not want to be disloyal, but I cannot be disloyal to Christ." The minister of Christ who rates a king as "the head of the Church and the defender of the faith," may think that he "cannot be disloyal to Christ," but he needs to give the matter more serious consideration. What, indeed, can the people do but follow in the steps of the King, when ministers of the gospel are found rating him as "the head of the Church?" Is it not time that ministers, since the people have already largely done so, were Łridding themselves of such shams? And when they have gotten rid of this notion, they will have taken a long step toward getting rid of the equally great sham which in England is found in the term "Englishman's Sunday," and in this 