SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the 0 United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. " Eight small boys of New Richmond were fined $1.50 each for playing ball on the streets Sunday," reported the Attica (Ind.) Ledger of August 27. A. Billet and Oscar Bresnerf  grocers of New Orleans, were arrested on August 23 " for violating the Sunday law." " They were brought to the police station and paroled." On August 28 it was reported from Llano, Texas, that the city marshal had " served notice on all business men in the city that they would be expected to ob-serve the Sunday law to the letter." " Drug stores can be kept open, but noth-ing except medicines can be sold." " The enforcement of the law meets with the approval of the people." A dispatch from Huntington, Ind., un-der date of August 29 said : Church and temperence people have urged that officers to stop violators of law at Bre-baugh's park, west of this city, on Sundays be furnished. Last Sunday the Van Buren and Columbia City baseball teams were ar-rested. Friday the Columbia City team pleaded guilty and paid fines. The others will have a hearing. To avoid the law, the management of the park has advertised a free game Sunday. Among the resolutions adopted at the " third district W. C. T. U. convention " in session at Hartford, S. Dak., on Sep-tember i and 2 was one on " Sabbath ob-servance," which read as follows : We are much alarmed at the rapidly increas-ing desecration of the holy Sabbath, and we want all white ribboners throughout our district to work with untiring effort for the enforcement of law against Sunday ball games, excursions or any other form of  amusement that may make this day one of business or pleasure instead of rest and worship. A clergyman of Covington, Ind., has announced that the local " baseball people have given him their promise that there shall be no more Sunday games." The local paper " sincerely thanks the boys for complying with the law and with the re-quests of those who are in sympathy with the purposes of the law." When the " purposes of the law " in question are candidly viewed in the light of principle it will be seen that there should be no such law. Sunday observance should no be a matter of civil law. At a recent convention the New York State Grocers' Association " took ad-vancedŁ ground for Sunday closing," re-ports the St. Paul (Minn.) Trade. It adopted a resolution declaring that it " fa-vors the passage of a uniform Sunday-closing law, including all kinds of busi-ness which is not a public necessity, such as drug stores." This is the natural tendency in this matter; those who at first demand that the business in which they are engaged shall be prohibited on Sun-day will never be satisfied until every line of business is prohibited. A number of persons were arraigned in the police court at Springfield, Mass., on September 4, on the charge of having " violated the Sunday law by selling con-fectionery and soda-water in their places of business on Sunday." James De-Macakos and George Yianacopoulos " were tried and found guilty and fined 