EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 71 the grand jury is another proof of the fact that "whom the gods wish to destroy, they first make mad." The question of the relation of church and state was a live one in the' convention which is draft- ing a constitution for the new govern-ment of Panama. A dispatch from Panama under date of January 23 re-ported : Heated debates on religious questions marked the sittings of the constitu-tional convention held last night and this afternoon. Several of the mem-bers favored an arrangement similar to the one existing between the Colombian government and the church, while others favored the absolute separation of church and state. At this after-noon's sitting the discussion of the -matter was progressing with appar-ently no prospect of a conclusion be-ing reached, when Dr. Amador pro-posed the following : " The profession of all religions, as also the exercise of all forms of wor-ship, shall be free, without other limita-tions than respect for Christian mor-ality and public order. Nevertheless, it is recognized that the Catholic relig-ion is that of a majority of the inhabit-ants of the republic, and the laws will provide assistance toward the founda-tion of a seminary in the capital and missions for savage tribes." This was approved. Article 14, -which was also the subject of discus-sion'  was approved. It is as follows : " The ministers of religion are ex-cepted from charges for and employ-ment in the public service, civil or mili-tary, remuneration for which is made by the public treasury." To this article there were a few ex-ceptions. This compromise on the separation of church and state was of course due to the opposition to the separation of church and state on the part of the  representatives of the Roman Catholic Church, who in this country have the face to stand up and unblushingly de-clare that that church is and always has been in thorough accord with the principles of the government of the United States in that respect. On January 4 this was reported from Panama : Francisco Javier Junguito, the Bis-hop of Panama, has gone to Barran-quilla, Colombia, to meet the Rev. Vicco, apostolic delegate from the Vat-ican to Colombia, with the object of arranging ecclesiastical matters pend-ing between Panama and the republic of Colombia, and securing proper rep-resentation of the Vatican at the cap-ital of Panama. The intention of this [the Panama] government is to sepa-rate church and state, and that ques-tion will be seriously discussed by the Bishop and Delegate Vicco. Since the Catholic Church in the Spanish-Amer-ican republics is so closely allied with the government and the affairs of state, it is a foregone conclusion that any at-tempt by a government to sever or limit its relations with the church will not be met with favor at Rome. Hence it is expected that the proposed action of the Panama government will meet with considerable opposition. And evidently it did. This, and not the Jesuitical declarations of her rep-resentatives in this country, shows what the position of the Roman Cath-olic Church is in the matter of the separation of church and state. She.  believes always and everywhere in the union of the Roman Catholic Church with the state, and she never fails to demand and insist upon that union wherever it is possible to have it. She professes Š no, her representatives pro-fess, for she never goes even that far Šallegiance to the principle of separa-tion of church and state only when and where it is policy to do so. Church and State in Panama 