Two Chapters of History* [Far be it from us to seek to obscure or to detract from in any degree the honor and glory which attaches to the United States because of what it has done for th'e people of Cuba. There is much to be proud of, but it is all too evident that in the glorification over the chapter of history which it is supposed closed on the loth of May, another very simi-lar chapter of history has been almost entirely overlooked. Even though this chapter of modern history is henceforth to be utterly unlike its ancient parallel, it is important to know and to recognize the similarity, and therefore we present herewith side by side, the his-torian's account of the celebration, in the year ig6 B.C., of the bestowal of "liberty and in-dependence" upon the Grecian states by the Roman republic, and the account of the celebra-tion in the year 1902, A.D., of the bestowal of "liberty and independence" upon Cuba by the American Republic. The history leading up to the event of the loth of May need not be recounted here. With regard to the other event it is sufficient to say that for some time pre-ceding it Greece was divided between two powersŠthe Grecian republics (the confederation of which "is remarkable as the most perfect type of federal government which has been handed down from antiquity"ŠCentury Dictionary) and the kingdom or empire of Macedonia under Philip V. These two powers "were always engaged in war, the former to preserve the remains of their ancient liberty, and the latter to complete their destruction."ŠRollin. "The Romans declared loudly in favor of those republics, made it their glory to take them under their protection, and that with no other design, in outward appearance, than to de-fend them against their oppressors."ŠIbid. In 196 B.C. the Macedonian forces were badly defeated by the Romans, and Philip was obliged to conclude peace on the terms of the con-querors. This practically placed the supreme power in Greece in the hands of Rome, and it was at this juncture that there came the great day of overwhelming joy for the Grecian republicans described below. Notice how similar was that demonstration to those which took place in Havana and Santiago so recently. For those who would see beneath the surface of things in this matter it is important to remember in this connection that Rome was a republic, just as much of a republic as the United States, and that she had behind her a republican history covering a period almost three times as long as that to which the United States can look back; that to all appearances her attitude at that time toward the Grecian states was exactly similar to that of the United States toward Cuba to-day; and that in spite of it all Roman authority and sovereignty did not cease in Greece, but on the contrary grew and was asserted more and more, until within less than half a century from the date of the great rejoicing over the bestowal of freedom upon the Grecians, the rule of Rome over Greece became absolute and "the last stronghold of Grecian freedom" was com-pletely destroyed. And with this, although Rome was still known as a republic, came "the full establishment of the empire of Rome," as Rollin has written. And it is well to remem-ber, too, in this connection, as has also been written by the eminent historian whom we have just named, that "the spirit of sovereignty and dominion" which determined "the fate of all the States of Greece" "does not display itself at first in its full extent; it reveals itself only by degirees; and it is only by insensible progressions, which at the same time are rapid enough, that it is carried at last to its greatest height." If the United States is indeed to establish a new precedent in the world, and is from this time forward to write an alto-gether different story from the chapter of ancient history which it has thus far so closely paralleled in this matter, its people cannot do better than to fix firmly and to keep clearly in their minds this ancient chapter; for to forget it, and it seems to be largely forgotten, is but to greatly increase the probability of its being repeated in full.ŠTHE EDITOR.] Rome and the Grecians B. C. 196-146. I T was now the time in which the Isth-mian games were to be solemnized, and the expectation of what was there to be transacted had drawn thither an in-credible multitude of people, and persons of the highest rank. The conditions of *This matter was prepared in June, but has been crowded out from month to month until now. Al-though it has not the freshness that it would have had had it appeared earlier, we deem it worth while yet to present it, for the lesson emphasized is no less timely and important now than it was a few months ago. the treaty of peace [between Philip and the Romans], which were not entirely made public, formed the topic of all con-versation, and various opinions were en-tertained concerning them; but very few could be persuaded that the Romans would evacuate all the cities they had taken. All Greece was in uncertainty, when, the multitude being assembled in the stadium to see the games, a herald 