CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR AND REFORM were determined to make Him such, by making Him king, He departed from them and hid Himself. Christ made no mistake. The very fact that He did not form a church party nor become a polit-ical leader, not even a religio-political leader, is evidence most positive that the followers of Christ should not attempt such a thing, and that such a course is not true Christian endeavor. Not by or through a church party and political methods, not by the power of law and the authority of Caesar, but by 443 the power of His own love and goodness, " by the power of the Spirit of God," did Christ seek to save others. Even so it is not by or through a church party and political influence, not by the control of primaries and caucuses, not by the power of the civil law, but by the power of divine love manifested in and through the believer, that the follower of Christ works for the salvation of others. This is true Christian endeavor, and the blessing of heaven will attend those who engage in it. H. F. PHELPS. NOT all the power in the world, whether exercised through the ballot or through the bayonet, can force any indi-vidual one step from sin into righteous-ness. The force of legislation or of pub-lic sentiment may restrain one from crime, and to this end force is necessary and legitimate in civil government; but salvation from crime is not salvation from sin. Christianity deals with sin. The mission of Christ in this world is to save people from sin. This, therefore, must be the purpose of all true Christian endeavor. Only the power of God can save any person from sin, and this power cannot operate for salvation except through faith. Without faith no virtue attaches to any religious act. " Whatsoever is not of° faith is sin." Rom. 14:23. The result of force in religion, therefore, is evident; it can produce nothing but sin. The in-dividual who observes the Sabbath be-cause of the force of human law or public sentiment does what is not accept-able in God's sight. Religious observ-ances without faith are but a mockery. To endeavor to force people to mock God with empty forms is not Christian. Chris-tian endeavor is that which seeks to lead men to the Lamb of God that taketh away the sin of the world. It is faith that distinguishes between Christianity and mere good citizenship. If force could make a man a good citizen, through some process of civil procedure, 'he would still be as far as ever from be-ing a Christian. It is proper and neces-sary that all should be done that can be done to promote good citizenship, and that public sentiment should be guided in those channels which lead to peace and prosperity in civil affairs. But it must be evident to the candid mind that effort in this line, operating as it does through purely secular means, cannot properly be termed Christian. If it can be, then the atheist can be a Christian endeavorer as truly as can those who profess Chris-tianity. As Christians we cannot come to any man with force. The fact that there are many people in the world who must be forcibly restrained to prevent them from taking the property or lives of others, does not in the ?east affect the nature of Christian endeavor. To whomsoever Christian endeavor may be directedŠand it must be directed to every creature in the worldŠit cannot operate through force. As soon as it makes use of force it ceases to be Christian. Force in re-ligion does not draw men to Christ, but only drives them away. If some are far away now, let them not be driven further away in the name of Christian endeavor. Let it be remembered that the Chris-tian is necessarily a good citizen ; but a 