542  THE SENTINEL OF of freedom to doubt our sincerity; and especially because it forces so many real-ly good men among ourselves into an open war with the very fundamental principles of civil liberty, criticizing the Declaration of Independence. . . . I say that no man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent. I say this is the leading prin-ciple, the sheet-anchor of American re-publicanism. Our Declaration of Inde-pendence says: We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalien-able rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, derivingÑ  their just powers from the consent of the governed. I have quoted so much at this time merely to show that according to our an-cient faith, the just powers of govern-ments are derived from the consent of the governed. . . . Is there no danger to liberty itself in discarding the earliest practise and first precept of our ancient faith? In our greedy chase to make profit of the negro let us beware lest we "cancel and tear to pieces" even the white man's charter of freedom. Our republican robe is soiled and trailed in the dust. Let us repurify it. Let us turn and wash it white, in the spirit, if not in the blood, of the Revolu-tion. . . Let us readopt the Declara-ation of Independence, and with it the practises and policy which harmonize with it. Let North and SouthÑlet all AmericansÑlet all lovers of liberty everywhereÑjoin in the great and good work. If we do this, we shall not only have saved the Union, but we shall have so saved it as to make, and to keep, it forever worthy of the saving. We shall have so saved it that the succeeding mil-lions of free, happy people, the world  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY over, shall rise up and call us blessed, to the latest generations. At Springfield, Ill., Lune 26, 1857. In those days [of the Revolution] our Declaration of Independence was held sacred by all, and thought to include all; but now, to aid in making the bondage of the negro universal and eternal, it is as-sailed, and sneered at, and construed, and hawked at, and torn, till, if its framers could rise from their graves, they could not at all recognize it. . I think the authors of that notable in-strument intended to include all men; but they did not intend to declare all men equal in all respects.. They did not mean to say all were equal in color, size, intellect, moral development, or social ca-pacity. They defined with tolerable dis-tinctness in what respects they did con-sider all men created equalÑequal with "certain inalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness." This they said, and this they meant. They did not mean to assert the obvious untruth that all were then actu-ally enjoying that equality, nor yet that they were about to confer it immediate-ly upon them. In fact they had no power to confer such a boon. They meant simply to declare the right, so that the enforcement of it might follow as fast as circumstances should permit. They meant to set up a standard max-im for free society, which should be fa-miliar to all, and revered by all ; constant-ly looked to, constantly labored for, and even though never perfectly attained, constantly approximated ; and thereby constantly spreading and deepening its influence and augmenting the happiness and value of life to all people of all colors everywhere. The assertion that "all men are created equal" was of no practical use in effecting our separation from Great Britain ; and it was placed in the Declaration not for that but for fu- 