2 8 6 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ribly distorted and corrupted in many nations, argues that once the common an-cestors of all nations had a knowledge of the true God, so the existence of the week and the setting apart of one of its days for special observance, however unlike the original it may be, argues the integ-rity of the Biblical account of the institu-tion of the week and the Sabbath. Of course, Dr. Savage holds to the the-ory of evolution, and believes that the earth was populated long before the time given as the beginning of human history on this planet in the Bible, and believes the account in Genesis to be a fable. We do not believe thus, and we believe that so far as authentic knowledge goes, so far as a knowledge of the past exists upon facts and not upon theory, the Biblical account of the creation and of the institution of the week and the Sabbath, is better sus-tained than any other view of the matter. Neither can we see two irreconcilable contradictions in the account of the insti-tution of the Sabbath in Genesis and the account of its re-institution when the He-brews were brought out of the bondage of Egypt. It appears to us that the Sab-bath was set apart for the whole human race; that the greater portion of the race, through the corruption of idolatry, lost its true meaning and perverted it to the purposes of idolatry, or practically aban-doned it altogether for the observance of the day of the chief pagan deityŠthe sun. Only those people who retained a knowl-edge of the true God, and it is quite evi-dent that they were very few at times, re-tained the true Sabbath in its integrity. This people became a nation, but in the bondage of Egypt they, too, practically lost the Sabbath. But God wrought a great deliverance for them for the ex-press purpose "that they might observe His statutes and keep His laws." Ps. 105': 45. Now in the reestablishment of the ob-servance of the Sabbath among a people to whom its original design had become dimmed and also lost, is it strange that in addition to the original reason for its observance should have been given a rea-son based upon some later and more vivid manifestation of God's power? The Sabbath in the first place was the sign of the Creator of all things, and on this ground its observance was encumbent alike upon all peoples. But all people had departed from God, and had lost not only the Sabbath, but the reason for its observance. But here was a people who were called out to serve God, and they were delivered from bondage by the power of the same God who had created all things. Is it strange, then, that the command to them to observe the Sabbath should include not only the fact that "in six days the Lord made the heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day," but also that "the Lord thy God brought thee out [from Egypt] thence through a mighty hand and by a stretched out arm : therefore the Lord thy God commanded thee to keep the Sabbath day." This last reason would not apply to any people but the Hebrews, but that which made the Sabbath a per-petual covenant even to them, that which was the enduring foundation of the Sab-bath and upon which its perpetuity de-pended, was plainly stated to the He-brews. "It is a sign between me and the children of Israel forever: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested, and was re-freshed." Ex. 31 : 17. The special reason which the children of Israel had for observing the Sabbath was subordinate to and in perfect har-mony with the original reason. It did not in any way modify, change, alter, or set aside the original and fundamental 