316 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY so grave an inquiry, we have given close atten-tion to the ingenious argument addressed to us by the counsel of plaintiff in trror, who, it is understood, represents a portion of our citizens belonging to a respectableChristian sect which claims and keeps the seventh day of the week as a true Sabbath. The conclusion at which we have arrived, after much reflection, is in con-sonance with that before announced by this court in the case alluded to (Commonwealth vs. Wolf). And continuing: Does the act of assembly in question infringe upon the natural right, or on the constitutional declaration which seeks to foster and protect it? It is insisted this question must receive an affirmative response, because, as it is said, the statute treats the first day of the week as a holy and sacred day and prohibits labor as a profanation of the Lord's day. And it is thus proved to be not a mere civil regulation to give rest to man, but an attempt to exalt by law the religious beliefs of certain sects over that of others. Though it may have been a motive with the lawmakers to prohibit the profanation of a day regarded by them as sacredŠand certainly there are expression: used in the statute that justify the conclusionŠit is not perceived how this fact can vitally affect the question at issue. All agree that to the well being of society periods of rest are absolutely necessary. To be pro-ductive of the required advantage these periods must recur at stated intervals, so that the mass of which the community is composed may en-joy a respite from labor at the same time. They may be established by common consent, or, as is conceded, the legislative power of the State may, without impropriety, interfere to fix the time of their stated return, and enforce obe-dience to the direction. When this happens some one day must be selected, and it has been said the round of the Week presents none which, being preferred, might not be regarded as favoring some one of the numerous religious sects into which mankind are divided. In a Christian community where a very large ma-jority of the people celebrate the first day of the week as their chosen period of rest from labor, it is not surprising that that day should have received the legislative sanction; and as it is also devoted to religious observance we are prepared to estimate the reason why the statute should speak of it as the Lord's day and denominate the infraction of its legalized rest a profanation. Yet this does not change the character of the enactment. It is still, essentially, a civil regulation made for the gov-ernment of man as a member of society, and obedience to it may properly be enforced by penal sanctions. To say that one of the objects of the legislature was to assert the sanctity of the particular day selected is to say nothing in proof of the unconstitutionality of the act, un-less in this the religious conscience of others has been offended and their rights invaded. But it is argued, with apparent conviction of its truth, that to compel men to refrain from labor solely from regard to the implied holiness of a particular day is, within the meaning of  the Constitution, to " control " religious obser-vances and " to interfere " with and constrain the consciences of those who honestly disbe-lieve the asserted sanctity of the selected day. We cannot assent to this. It will be observed that the court did not meet the question raised in this case of the constitutionality of the act if it was passed to compel men to refrain front labor on Sunday solely from regard to the sacredness or holi-ness of the day. We are left to conjecture what the fate of the act might have been if what the history of the legislation which ended in this act and the utterance of the Supreme Court in other and later cases upon the same subject make plain: That the act of 1794 was passed for the sole purpose of observing Sun-day in deference to the religious sentiment of a majority of the Christians, and to prevent its profanation. A slight reference to the acts upon this sub- ject prior to that of 1794 may not be out of place. Before William Penn obtained his char-ter, the Statute of 29 Charles II. c. 7, had been enacted, the third section of which provided " that no tradesman, artificer, workman, la-borer or other person whatsoever, shall do or exercise any worldly labor, business or work of their ordinary calling upon the Lord's day or any part thereof, works of necessity and charity only excepted." Provided, etc., etc. This statute, enacted in 1667, and brought over by Penn, was evidently the model of our Penn-sylvania legislation, but it will be observed that its prohibition was limited to labor in the ordi-nary callings of men. The first legislation had here on this subject was in 1705 by the provin-cial legislature,. and throws much light upon the motives which actuated its enactment, not as a day of rest and relaxation, but as an ob-servance of Sunday as a sacred and religious day. The act provides in its preamble: To the end that all people within this prov-ince may with greater freedom devote them-selves to religious and pious exercises, be it enacted . . . that according to the example of the primitive Christians, and for the ease of the nation, every first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, all the people shall abstain from toil and labor that . . . they may the better dispose themselves to read and hear the Holy Scriptures of truth at home, and frequent such meetings of religious worship abroad as may best suit their respective persuasions. And that no tradesman, artificer, workman, laborer or other person whatsoever shall do or exercise any worldly business or work of their ordinary calling on the first day or any part thereof (works of necessity and charity only ex-cepted), etc., etc. 