588  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY In response to complaints from the re-tail grocers' association the marshal of Haverhill, Mass., "is going to enforce the blue-laws on Sunday," and "the re-sult will be that only he who has a legal right to do business will be allowed to exchange his wares for coin of the realm." Druggists, bakers, regular newsdealers and licensed victualers are the only ones having "a legal right to do business," and the bakers are limited to two hours in the morning and the same length of time in the evening. According to the Milwaukee (Wis.) Sentinel, of July 6, "the Milwaukee Re-tail Shoe Dealers' Association, composed of a majority of the leading shoe dealers of Milwaukee, an organization fast be-coming a power among retailers, has at last brought about universal Sunday closing among the leading retail shoe merchants." This result has been ac-complished, by voluntary agreement. Letters have been recived "from citizens and clergy" strongly approving and en-dorsing the movement for Sunday clos-ing. ¥ Under date of June i6 it was reported from Millville, N. J., that "for the first time in its history Millville observed the `old blue-laws' yesterday." By order of the mayor all the ice-cream and oyster saloons, grocery, cigar and confectionery stores and restaurants were closed, and the drug stores were allowed to open only for the filling of prescriptions. It was stated that "the people are very in-dignant over the mayor's ukase," and that it was the intention of some to keep open and "test the law" on following Sundays. ¥ Young men and boys of Woodstock, Ontario, who engage in ball playing and other sports on Sundays on the smooth flats of the Thames just outside the city limits, have been complained of to the police, and now orders have been given "to arrest all persons continuing the practise." That there is any reason for this action aside from the fact that the games are played on Sunday does not appear from the item regarding the mat-ter in the Woodstock Review, in which the young men and boys are spoken of as "miscreants." C. J. Johnson and August Hoppe, grocers of Minneapolis, Minn., were ar-raigned in the police court of that city on June 28 for selling goods on Sunday, the offense of the first being "selling a bar of soap and a can of sardines on Sunday contrary to law." The cases were continued to the following week, when Hoppe pleaded guilty and was fined $5 and costs. It is said that the action against the grocers was brought "to test the Sunday law which compels such places of business to remain closed on the Sabbath day." Sunday ball playing and the failure of the city authorities to prohibit it, were the occasion of a vigorous sermon by the pastor of the Chapel Street Methodist Church, Waterbury, Conn., on June 15. It was declared that by virtue of "the law of God and the law of the State of Con-necticut a peaceful Sabbath is the birth-right of every citizen," and that to yield up this birthright was to follow the ex-ample of Esau. It is reported that "Catholic clergymen have also been sounding a note of warning" against Sunday ball playing. `¥ On June i8 the ministerial alliance of Jamestown, N. Y., held "a special and very important meeting to take action on 