52 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY brought, fined the agent $4 and costs, which were $2.50. This judgment was appealed from. The appeal was to the Court of Quar-ter Sessions, and the ground upon which it was taken is made clear in the decision mentioned, which was re-ported by the Public Ledger on January 9 as follows : A decision handed down by Judge Martin, in Quarter Sessions Court No. 3, yesterday, in effect declares unlawful the manner in which the Cigar and Candy Dealers' Sunday-Closing Asso-ciation obtained evidence of violations of the blue laws. The judge, in this decision, affirmed the conviction of Al-bert J. oover, an agent of the Asso-ciation, for buying a cigar on Sunday, and dismissed his appeal from the court in which he was convicted. The deci-sion takes a comprehensive survey of Sunday legislation, looking backward over Sunday laws for fifteen centuries, and citing similar legislative acts in several ages. The judge makes the fol-lowing points : 1. Sunday legislation at first was in-tended to make the observance of the day a religious duty. 2. All worldly employment, except-ing such as was necessary, was forbid-den by such laws. 3. Buying, as well as selling, was prohibited by Sunday legislation. 4. Buying cannot be made a work of necessity by being done by an in-former in quest of evidence of a vio-lation of the law. The decision will, it is believed; greatly hamper the blue-law crusade. The text of the decision is as follows : Text of the Decision Court of Quarter Sessions, Common-wealth vs. Albert J. Hoover. Martin, J. Jan. 8, 1904. Albert J. Hoover, the defendant, was arrested upon a warrant charging him with a violation of the act of 1794, relating to worldly employment on Sunday. After hearing, he was con-victed and subsequently appealed. It appears from the magistrate's tran-script that the testimony produced at the hearing proved that the defendant,  in the County of Philadelphia, "on Sunday, Oct. 18, 1903, while agent for a society, bought a cigar." It was claimed at the argument that, while selling a cigar was within the prohibi-tion of the law, its terms did not extend to buying ; and that defendant, when making the purchase, having acted as a detective employed to con-vict sellers, if he was performing worldly employment or business, his work was one of necessity within the exception contained in the act. Sunday legislation is more ;than fif-teen centuries old, and the " historic argument" is of value in construing the existing law. "All Sunday legislation is the prod-uct of pagan Rome ; the Saxon laws were the product of Middle Age legis-lation of 'The Holy Roman Empire.' The English laws are the expansion of the Saxon, and the American are the transcript of the English." (Lewis's History of Sunday Legislation, p. 70.) The first Sunday law, the edict of the Emperor Constantine, was the product of that pagan conception developed by the Romans, which made religion a part of the state. The day was to be venerated as a religious duty owed to the god of the sun. During the Mid-dle Ages the civil authorities exercised the right to legislate in religious mat-ters after the manner of the Jewish theocracy. The English Reformation introduced for the first time the doc-trine of the Fourth Commandment to the first day of the week. While Chris-tianity is part of the common law of this State (Uptegraff vs. Common-wealth, 11 S. and R, 394; Sparhawk vs. U. Pass. Ry. Co., 54 Pa., 407), it was said by Reed, J., in the latter case (p. 443) : "Judge Bell, in Specht vs. Commonwealth, 8 Barr., 325, puts the Sunday law on its true basis. Its sole mission is to inculcate a tempo-rary weekly cessation from labor, but it adds not to this requirement any religious obligation.' " Chief Justice Lowrie, in Commonwealth vs. Nesbit,.  34 Pa., 403, 409, after referring to the earlier legislation in this Common-wealth and to the English act of 29 Charles II., Chap. 7, upon which our laws were in a great measure modeled, 