PHILADELPHIA SUNDAY-ENFORCEMENT CRUSADE HALTED 55 denounced the movement as a "perse-cution." Another magistrate has fined a spy who in the pious work of "pro-tecting" the Sabbath bought a cigar on that day, soliciting a dealer to, and participating with him in, the offense for which he then caused the dealer's arrest and conviction. And, finally, a judge of Quarter Sessions, reviewing this magistrate's action, has affirmed it in a decision which reviews the whole Sunday question and rules that if it be worldly employment or busi-ness within the meaning of the statute to sell a cigar on Sunday it is an equally worldly employment or busi-ness to buy a cigar, even for the godly purpose of tempting a dealer to com-mit the offense of selling it. Judge Martin appears to be a man learned not only in the civil but in the canon law ; yet all his impressive learn-ing, ranging as it does from the Mosaic legislation down through the Justinian code, the Roman jurisprudence and that of the Saxons and the English to the law of the present day, and aptly re-citing acts of Constantine, Charle-magne, Ethelstan, Ethelred, Canute, Cromwell and the Charleses, of the councils of Mayence and Rheims Š all this abysmal profundity of learning is unable to cite any support for the idea that the occupation of a spying informer is a work of charity or neces-sity. This caustic comment is eminently deserved. The statement that the mag-istrate before whom the wholesale Sun- day-law prosecutions have been con-ducted, "is showing signs of waning zeal, if not of disgust," was warranted by the reports of the last few hearings, especially the last one. It took place on January 7, and was thus reported in the Public Ledger the next day : The Last of the Hearings " I am sick of this business," said Magistrate South yesterday, referring to the prosecution of Sunday-law vio-lators, "and I am going to try to get rid of it." Several times during the proceedings he intimated that he was not in sympathy with the persistent persecution of poor people who are de- pendent upon their small sales of what some persons regard as necessaries for a livelihood. In the case of a baker who had been summoned for selling candy on Sun-day, the magistrate declared his opin-ion that ice cream and cake were food, and, therefore, not under the ban of the law. No one raised the point that certain ingredients which enter into candy also enter largely into cake and ice cream, though in different degree. The baker said that he himself was a church-goer, and that he had found that many people like to stop and and buy a little candy on their way to church " to eat," he added, "during the service." The Rev. George S. Vail, the self-appointed prosecutor, joined in the laughter which followed this statement. The baker is H. W. Fricke, of 1343 South St. "If people didn't urge me to sell them candy on Sunday," he said, "I wouldn't do it. The church people who pass my place, judge, seem to be very fond of cough drops and taffy. I go to church myself, and I believe in go-ing to church. Some people think cough drops and gum drops and such like a necessity. Now, the question of bread and cake was fought out in the courts in 1888, and in our favor. Of course, the candy question has not been fought out yet. The moral point is whether the man who sells candy on Sunday isn't a hundred times better than these men who go around on Sun-day spying upon him." The magistrate Š"Ice cream, in my opinion, is food. You can sell ice cream and cakes on Sunday, but under this law you can-not sell candy." " We live in the twentieth century, judge," answered the defendant, "and not in the seven-teenth and the eighteenth. This candy question must be cleared up. Of course, in 1888, when the bread and cake question was settled, those people had more money with which to fight the opposition than we have. But if we small dealers could afford it, we would certainly carry this matter to the highest court." Mr. Fricke paid the fine and costs. The great majority of the complaints were for the sale of cigars or tobacco. 