EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 93 monwealth as well as in the United States. An instance is thus noted by the Australian Signs of the Times, Mel-bourne: We are now passing through the ex-citing time of an election of the second Federal Parliament, and opportunity is being given to people of all shades of opinion to ventilate their ideas. The great political issues which are now agitating the minds of the electors we leave to the consideration of the secu-lar press; but we cannot refrain from commenting somewhat upon the action of certain persons who are attempting to import a religious bias into the cam-paign. At a meeting held in one of the Victorian electorates a candidate was asked to "prove his bona fides as a broad-minded Christian by attending the Church of England and Presbyte-rian churches the next Sunday and the Sunday following." This the candi-date declined to do on the ground "that such an action would be a de-liberate attempt to hoodwink people, and sooner than sacrifice his self-re-spect, he said he would retire." At a subsequent meeting his action in re-fusing to make certain pledges and at-tend certain churches as a test of his broad-mindedness was indorsed by his audience. With regard to the religious views of this candidate for Parlia-mentary honors we know nothing, but whoever is responsible for the attempt to induce him to attend certain churches in order to secure political support is acting in direct opposition to the 116th clause of the Federal Con-stitution, which says : " The Commonwealth shall not make any law for establishing any religion, or for imposing any religious observ-ance, or for prohibiting the full exer-cise of any religion, and no religious Ł test shall be required as a qualification for .any office or public trust under the Commonwealth." When this clause was under the con-sideration of the Federal Convention strong opposition was manifested by a section of the community to its pro-visions, because it cut off the very thing which they wished to secure Šlegislation in matters of religion.  Their demands were evidently intended to give the majority power to coerce men in religious matters by civil law. Such power, however, always has been used most unrighteously, and, recog-nizing the danger of accentuating " old-world differences" in this new com-munity, the framers of the Constitu-tion wisely guarded the religious rites and privileges of every class in the Commonwealth. Yet in spite of this certain individuals publicly demand a religious test of a candidate for Par-liamentary honors. That such a ques-. tionable proceeding should take place in the face of the declaration in the fundamental law of the new nation that "no religious test shall be required as a qualification for any office or pub-lic trust under the Commonwealth," is strong evidence of the existence of an undercurrent that is drifting to-ward a future demand for an estab-lished religion. The amalgamation of the great religious bodies, the forma-tion of federated councils of churches, the demands which are made upon the government from time to time by vari-ous religious denominations for due recognition in public functions in pro-portion to their numerical standing, all tend to confirm the opinion that a certain class of people are determined that this new nation shall be inflicted with that same thing which has pro-duced so much ruin and misery in the past Š a state religion. A leading religious paper enters a vig-orour criticism be-cause "when President McKinley, him-self a devout Christian man, and Presi-dent Roosevelt, a strong and earnest advocate of religion and a church mem-ber, were hunting the country over for able men to represent and establish American ideals and civilization in the Philippines, they could not find at least one man who honored the Sab-bath day and publicly recognized the claims of religion by being present in some house 'of God on the Lord's Day." An Old Assumption in a Mild Form 