598 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY religion in any way they chose. That is tone fundamental principle of our govern-ment. But the government recognized, and rightly, that it was not to give up the work of teaching the children. Teaching remained as a matter for the state to look after. It only distinguished as to the things which it had a right to teach. Why the State Has the Right to Have the Children Educated Did you ever ask yourselves why it is that the government claims a right to teach the children at all ? or that it regards it as its duty? Why, for example, should I be compelled by law to put myself to the trouble and the expense of training and educating my children? Why should I have a right to take from you a certain proportion of your money for the sake of educating my child? Why should you have a right to take money out of my pocket to help educate your child? I ask again, Have you ever clearly recognized the principle which is here involved? If you will get it in mind, you will find it a thread of light running through all the controversies on this subject, which will keep you from being confused or led astray. What is the principle? The ruler of a people needs to be trained and intel-ligent, in order that the government may be just and good. That is the funda-mental principle of it all. Who is the ruler? Under a despotism, if the despot is wise, well trained, and if his assistants and administrators are competent to carry out his will, you may have a just and good government, no matter whether the people are educated or not. In an aris-tocracy, if those who arrogate to them-selves the title of aristocrats, those who govern, are trained, educated, wise, you may have a good and just government, no matter whether the rest of the people are educated or not. The point is, and perfectly clear as you will see, that the  ruler, whoever he is, must be trained, must be educated. Who is the ruler in this country? The_ moment you answer that question you see why it is that the state claims the right to educate the children. Every adult male in the United States is a sovereign. He is the ruler; and, therefore, he needs to be trained, educated, made competent to look after the interests of the people. Unless at least a working majority of the voters are trained, educated, intelli-gent, there can be no wise or just or good government; for the government cannot be better than the ruler. There is the principle ; there is an answer to the question as to why the state has a right to demand that the voters at least shall be educated, trained for their office. ButŠand here is an important matter to take account ofŠthe world finds it very hard to outgrow its traditions, to clarify its thought and be consistent and logical in the working out of its accepted principles. I said that the children, those who are to become citizens and rulers, should be educated for their office, trained into fitness for this power of ad-ministration. Now, right in there is the rule that is to guide us in settling the question as to what ought to be the aim and scope of the public schools. I am a heretic in regard to our system of public educationŠquite a serious one, I fearŠas I am from the accepted standards of the popular religion. The schools do not seem to me at the present time to be do-ing the work which is essential, and that largely for the reason that they are en-gaged in trying to do a hundred things which are not essential. Public Money for Public Ends Only Public money is to be used for public ends, and only for public endsŠthat is the principle which needs to be empha-sized here. You can see clearly enough, if I should propose to use some of the 