256 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the Scriptures in these days of "higher criticism," she does not rest her author- ity upon that "supernatural and divine revelation of the will of God." In an-swer to a recent inquiry, Rev. Raphael O'Connell, S.J., of Philadelphia, declared that "the Church could exist independ-ent of the Bible," because she "rested on the authority of Christ himself." The fact is that between the position of Rome and that of the "higher critics" with re-gard to the authority of the Bible there is no essential difference. It is not a final authority to either. To the higher critic reason is a greater authority; to the Catholic "the Church" is a greater au-thority. Both authorities are human and fallible. It would seem, therefore, that the one which makes the least preten-sions to infallibility and lays the least stress upon the finality of its own author-ity would be the safer of the two to which to hearken. A bill is pending in Congress, with prospect of early passage, which reduces the "war taxes" imposed at the'opening of the Spanish-American war by about $77,000,000 per year. Some criticism is occasioned by the fact that the taxes abolished were levied upon luxuries, while the taxes upon many of the com-mon necessities are retained. The tax on tea, tobacco, and beer is abolished, while the tax is continued on clothing, farm implements, andŁhousehold necessi-ties. The removal of the tax on tea is commended as the one reduction of the right sort; but really tea is no more of a necessity than beer, and if drunk in the same quantities is certainly not less in-jurious. Tea is not a food; it is a stim-ulant, and therefore a luxury. The Committee on Ways and Means turned away from the consideration of Cuba's desperate condition for the framing a  this tax-reduction bill, and The Outlook says "that there is good ground for the suspicion that this method of tax-reduc-tion is hurried forward in order to fore-stall and prevent any relief for imperiled Cuba." Ł Prince Henry of Prussia arrived in New York harbor on February 23, a day later than had been planned. He was saluted by the firing of guns from forts and war vessels, and was escorted by a detachment of the navy under command of Admiral Evans to the pier of the North German Lloyd line. The next day was spent in Washington. On Tues-day, in company with President Roose-velt, the Prince atttended the launching of Emperor William's yacht at Shooter's Island, New York harbor, and in the afternoon was received by the mayor and other officials at the New York City Hall, where he was "presented with the freedom of the city." The Prince will be the guest of the nation until March II, and will visit Mount Vernon, Cincin-nati, Chattanooga, St. Louis, Chicago, Milwaukee, Niagara Falls, and Boston. It is declared in some quarters that the enthusiasm with which he is greeted is not due to the fact that he is a prince and the representative of an emperor, but that the welcome he receives is the sort the American people always accord to distinguished visitors. However, there are those who do not believe that the enthusiasm of the present time is the sort that marked the visits of Lafayette and Kossuth. Catholic papers are much exercised over the "senseless canards," the "reck-less and malicious misinformation," about the Pope and the Catholic Church which they claim constantly appear in American newspapers. They an- 