"SABBATH REFORM" OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA 793 to suffcation, and lasted from 9 a. m., to 2: 30 p. m. Before the court opened, Attorney Francis Tracey Tobin re-quested of Judge South that he grant a continuance for one week of certain cases he was interested in, but this was positively refused. The first case called was that of H. Bristow, of 532 South Sixteenth Street. C. Purnell, colored, who said he was a barber, testified that he bought a cigar at defendants store, but on cross-examination admitted that he could not identify the defendant. Bristow, how-ever, was fined $6.50. B. Gottlieb, of 1119 Ridge Avenue, was accused by another agent, Biddle, who said he bought a cigar of a woman at a store on Ridge' Avenue, owned by Gottlieb. Gottlieb was fined $6.50. In this par-ticular instance Gottlieb does not live there or have anything to do with the store. J. Levey, of 1412 South Broad Street, was charged with the sale of one pack of cigarettes. Purnell said he was not sure as to the identity of the man, but Levey was fined $6.50. In paying his fine, he said : " That man will swear to anything. They are all pro-fessional swearers." Vail looked askance. One of the most important cases was that of S. Smith, who was charged with sales to the new man Š A. T. Beadle Š for Sundays, August 2 and 9. When, however, he gave his testimony he failed to describe Mr. Smith. Upon being pressed to describe the party he bought the cigars of, he said he thought it was a smooth-faced young man. Smith said he had no such person around. During a pause, Chris. Levey, who stood behind Smith, said to Smith : " You appeal your cases, and I'll pay half." Then came a racket and, every-body was on their mettle. The judge. jumped up and roared at Chris. that he was a loafer and a bum, repeatedly, and closing his docket, said:. "The court adjourns for five minutes while I go out and attend to him." Chris. in - turn, talked back, but was, persuaded to quit. It was more like being beside the ring of a prize fight. But no one got licked, while many times there was a prospect of something about to hap-pen. If some of the very good Chris- tian subscribers of the Sabbath Asso-ciation could only gaze -on the glorious work of the hirelings to whom they trust for the good of the community, I think they would feel sick at heart. Yes, indeed. It does not seem pos-sible that Christians could give any countenance or support to such work or to an organization which engages in such work. Vre are glad to say that it meets with no sympathy from the sec-ular press. The Public Ledger has es-pecially and repeatedly spoken out against it, and rightly characterized it as "scandalous persecution." From two editorials which it published re-spectively on October 30 and Novem- ber 6 with regard to the matter we quote the following : The "Public Ledger" Protests The enforcement of the antiquated Sunday laws against the small dealers in candy, fruit, and cigars takes on the aspect of a selfish persecution. It is boasted that 2,000 persons have been subjected to fines and "costs," and the reports of recent hearings show that. very many of them are poor women and old men, blind men and cripples, who eke out a scanty subsistence by an in-nocent trade that harms no one and in no way disturbs the public peace and order. These people are subjected to the inconvenience and ignominy of ar-rest and the grave hardships of an onerous fine, while greater offenders go unmolested and drinking dens, gambling houses and the abodes of in-describable vice carry on their lawless traffic with the full knowledge of the police and 'under the patronage of powerful influence. It is an outrage upon law and order and common de-cency. These prosecutions, it appears, are not undertaken out of regard for the sanctity of the first day of the week. The statutory authority is invoked from motives of business. Shopkeep-ers upon a larger scale, who can afford to close on Sunday, are unwilling that the smaller people should take advan-tage of such little neighborhood trade as comes to them on Sunday, and it is 