EDITORIAL 417 Professor Goldwin Smith observes in present conditions and tendencies "the growth of a vacuum in the region of re-ligious belief which music, art, flowers and pageantry are required to fill." This means that the drift is Romeward, for no other religion can so well fill the vacuum here described as the Catholic. Music, art, flowers and pageantry, and all those brilliant externals which attract the unre-newed heart, charm the eye, captivate the ear, and silence the voice of reason and of conscience, are and have ever been the specialities of the Roman system. The Christian Work says the saloon is open on Sunday in New York "all day long, contrary to law and Gospel." The saloon is also open all day long six other days in the week contrary to law and Gospel, and there is no precept of moral law nor any principle of the Gos-pel that does not apply with equally as much force against the week-day saloon as against the Sunday saloon. The strange and unfortunate condition exists, however, in which many of those who profess to speak with regard to this mat- ter in the name of the moral law and the Gospel practically limit the application of both to one-seventh of the time, sus-pending their condemnation the remain-ing six-sevenths of the time. Ł When the discussion on the anti- Ł anarchy bill was in progress in the Senate some weeks ago Senator Hawley, of Connecticut, declared : "I have an utter abhorrence of anarchy, and would give a thousand dollars to get a good shot at an anarchist." This represents an atti-tude which widely obtains in this matter, and indicates that the spirit of anarchy is by no means confined to the few des-perate characters who openly declare themselves anarchists. The New Bed-ford (Mass.) Evening Standard says  that it is not sure that the above remark "was not itself anarchistical, as it seems to be the endorsement of the extreme in-dividualistic theory of dispensing a fancied justice." ,Ł "Sunday is a day of rest ordained by the church and made compul-sory by law," observes the Austin (Minn.) Times in an editorial discoun-tenancing Sunday ball playing. This statement sums up the matter of Sunday enforcement quite concisely. What the church has ordained the state enforces. The union of church and state has never gone farther than that. When men were burned at the stake it was simply the state carrying out what the church had ordained. The fact that an ordinance of the church is made compulsory by law is enough to arouse grave suspicions with regard to the matter, for the law has no business to make a thing compulsory be-cause it is an ordinance of the church. At a recent meeting of the Indian-apolis Ministers' Association "the min-isters by a rising vote pledged them-selves to endeavor to keep members of their congregations from patronizing groceries on Sunday." At the same meet-ing a committee was appointed "to formulate some action to bring about a recognition of Thursday evening as an evening to be kept apart for religious purposes, and to influence public senti-ment so that such religious meetings may have 'the right-of-way.' " We sup-pose it will not occur to the ministers to attempt to get public sentiment on this point crystallized into law, as is the case with Sunday which has been set "apart for religious purposes," but certainly legislation is just as proper in the one case as in the other. 