476 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Admiral Seymour and the British residents in Tien-tsin are said to be in open revolt of the plan proposed by Russia, as they consider it a direct menace to Brit-ish interests and calculated to interfere seriously with the advance of the Peking expedition. The mutual jealousy of the great world Powers is the ominous feature of the present situation in the far East, from every standpoint except that of China. It certainly threatens to plunge the world into war. It may result simply in preserving the integrity of Chi-nese territory. Cannot Be Secured by Legislation. It is pleasant to note that among some few at least of those who are laboring for the promotion of Sun-day observance it is coming to be recognized that this end cannot be secured by legislation. Thus in the re-port made by a committee of the Congregational churches of Massachusetts, at the session of the Gen-eral Association, held recently, we find the following : "3. It is not worth while for. the friends of the Sabbath to look to the legislature of Massachusetts for help. The tendency of recent legislation is to weaken the force of existing Sunday laws. It may not be many years before most of them will be swept from the,  statute books. Our chief confidence must be in the living God and in enlightened and quickened Christian sentiment. Old, threadbare truths and prin-ciples must somehow be freshened in the public mind. Frequent reiteration in the pulpit, in the Sunday-school, in the prayer-meeting, in the Christian Endeav-or Societies, of the claims of the Lord's day upon the individual, upon the church, upon the state, and upon the community, is absolutely indispensable. It must be 'line upon line, precept upon precept, here a little and there a little.' The educational process is the most potent and hopeful factor in the problem." By all means let the battle for the preservation of Sabbath observance and for the claims of one day as against another, be fought out by appeals to the in-tellect and the heart, and not by appeal to force. Force never settled any question ; force has no rightful place save where the question has been already settled. The question of Sabbath observance, as to its necessity and the day to be set apart thereby, is an unsettled one, save as each individual has settled it for himself. When force steps into the arena of intellectual contro-versy it only adds distracting elements which make the situation worse than it was before. Truth asks no aid from force. It will win in the end, and the use of force in the contest would only delay the hour of victory. Let the friends of the Sabbath cease looking to legislatures, and look to the Lord ; let them cease pe-titioning legislatures, and petition the divine throne.  Then will they be enabled to make real progress to-ward the final establishment of Sabbath observance in the earth, though the settlement of the controversy may not come in the way which they had planned. The Evils Will Remain. It is thought by some that the contest now going on in the Established Church of England, between Ritualists and anti-Ritualists is hastening disestab-lishment. "The Ritualists," says the Outlook, "are represented by an extremely aggressive militant or-ganization called the English Church Union. The union has just issued a piotest against the decision of the Archbishops [against Ritualism] and although there is in the protest only a veiled hint of what may be done in case the protest is of no avail, the uncom-promising members of the union declare that, if their particular interpretation of the Prayer-Book is to be denounced by the courts, it would be better to have disestablishment at once. Though by no means a Ritualistic organ, The Outlook agrees to this opinion. The Ritualists are really doing what the Noncon-formists have done in other days and are doing to-uayŠthey are upholding the Protestant tradition, that is, the right of private judgment; and that right log-ically involves, sooner or later, separation of church and state. The protest of the English Church Union is not likely to delay but to accelerate disestablish-ment." But whatever may be true of the legal status of any particular ecclesiastical organization in England, that country will never be free from practical church and state union. It may be that some of the grosser features of such union, such as direct financial support of the clergy, will be done away, but the more subtile evils will remain forever. The Question Answered. The Torch of Reason says : "If there is a good God he should let honest Freethinkers know that he exists ; the fact that he does not, proves that he is not." This question was answered long since, and the answer the editor of the Torch of Reason may read in Paul's letter to the Romans, Chap. 2, verse 20: "For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by [per-ceived through, R. V.] the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead ; so they are without excuse." "The heavens declare the glory of God ; and the firmament showeth his handiwork." To prove that "one day in seven" is necessary for rest, is not to prove that there should be laws for rest on Sunday. 