566 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. gagements, let them be fulfilled in perfect good faith. Here let us stop. " Europe has a set of primary interests which to us have none or a very remote relation. Hence she must be engaged in frequent controversies, the causes of which are essentially foreign to our con-cerns. Hence, therefore, it must be unwise in us to implicate ourselves by artificial ties in the ordinary vicissitudes of her politics, or the ordinary combina-tions or collisions of her friendships or enmities. " Our detached and distant situation invites and en-ables us to pursue a very different course. If we remain one people, under an efficient government, the period is not far off when we may defy material in-jury from external annoyance; when we may take such an attitude as will cause the neutrality we may at any time resolve upon to be scrupulously re-spected; when belligerent nations, under the possi-bility of making acquisitions upon us, (vill not lightly hazard the giving us provocation; when we may choose peace or war, as our interests, guided by justice, shall counsel. " Why forego the advantages of so peculiar a situa-tion .? WHY QUIT OUR OWN TO STAND ON FOREIGN GROUND ? Why, by interweaving our destiny with that of any part of Europe, entangle our peace and prosperity in the toils of European ambition, rivalship, interest, humor, or caprice? "/t is our true policy to steer clear of permanent alli-ances with any portion of the foreign world." And all of this is simply the human statement of the divine truth, "The.  people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations." These words from Washington are not only politically wise; they are more than that, they are divinely true. P. T. MAGAN. THE COMING STRUGGLE. AN exchange says: " There is now a general feel-ing, which can be referred to no particular facts nor explained on any rational theory, that we are ap-proaching a period of greater combats (than those of the preceding century), a world struggle, in which tremendous machinery which has been organized for war is to be put to a full test between the rival Powers who are grasping at the earth or all of it that remains unattached to the great empires. There has certainly been no period in the past when the ambitions for conquest were so keen and so wide-spread as at present; when so many powers armed to the teeth were watching with jealously every movement of their neighbors, and looking about with so little scruple for compensations."  DEAN FARRAR ON THE RIGHTEOUSNESS OF WAR. IN the North American Review for September the well-known English clergyman, F. W. Farrar, argues in support of the idea that war is not incompatible with Christianity on the ground that " the suppres-sion of all appeals to the decision of war would in-.volve the certain and absolute triumph of robbery, oppression, greed, and injustice." The conclusion reached is that "war waged in the cause of truth and right . . . still continues to be at times a necessary duty, even for the most Christian nation." The influence of his words is likely to be widely felt in confirming the public mind in this belief. But what is " the decision of war "? The appeal to war is an appeal to might. The decision of war is the decision of might; and to say that that decision is right is only to affirm that might makes right. The view that the appeal to war is a necessity dic-tated by Christianity, demands also that the decis-ion of war should not be from blind chance, but guided by Heaven, and to be taken as registering the divine will. But the view that the divine will is indicated by the outcome of an ordeal through which the parties concerned are obliged to pass, is too distinctly characteristic of paganism to be worthy of belief by Christians. We may well inquire, again, Which cause is " the cause of truth and right? " If it be granted that war in such a cause is Christian, this question still remains to be decided, and no judgment that can be rendered will be infallible. Was it the Boer cause or the British cause that was just and right in the contest now being concluded in South Africa? Was either cause, indeed, that of "truth and right?" What is the cause of truth and right? Must it not be the cause that is untainted with selfishnessŠthat seeks no aggression upon any? And who dare affirm that either Boer or Briton has been fight-ing for such a cause? And what of Christianity,Š is not the cause of Christianity the one real cause of truth and right? Must Christianity then at times have recourse to war to extend its sway upon the earth? We find no affirmation of it in the gospel commission given by the Master to His disciples. No; the only proper business of force in this world is to maintain that which all men instinctive- ly recognize as just and rightŠa cause concerning the justice of which there is no disputeŠnamely, the 