702  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Government of an attitude so high-handed and revolutionary would seem to call for and make fitting and proper an absolute and unqualified denial of any such attitude on its part. We believe that this idea originated neither with the newspapers or the Gov-ernment, although, in view of some things that have taken place during the time that the rumor has been in circula-tion, we are unable to say that we feel as-sured that the Government or its repre-sentatives have done nothing to warrant it. Newspaper gossip is seldom without some sort of foundation, and a rumor that has sufficient vitality to live as long as this one has is apt to have pretty good foundation. The real origin and founda-tion of this idea to which we have re-ferred is to be found in papal intrigue and craft, both at the Vatican and in the United States, of which newspaper cor-respondents are not ignorant. In the first place it is not at all improbable that a preference on the part of the Govern-ment of the United States in this matter as to who shall be cardinal would count much at the Vatican. This is due to the fact that the Papacy is scheming for more and more influence and prestige with the American Government, or, as the Pope expresses it, is working to "strengthen the excellent understanding between the Church and the United States authorities," and she would con-sider such deference tip the Government a very wise stroke of policy. In the next place it is certain that Archbishop Ire-land wants to become a, cardinal, and that he is working to secure the full ben-efit of whatever influence the Govern-ment can exert in that direction. There-fore he and his supporters are interested in having the idea prevail that the American Government is backing him in his campaign for the cardinalate. And right here is probably where this idea  that we are discussing had its origin. The idea is no doubt inculcated in Rome and urged upon the Pope that the real-ization of the Archbishop's ambition will mean only an important step in further-ing the larger ambition of the Papacy with regard to the United States. And most certainly it would if the Archbishop succeeded in getting the Government to take up his case and to ask the Pope to "recompense" him with a cardinalate. If the Archbishop has not been working as-siduously to that end during the last few years then we are much mistaken as to the meaning of certain things that have taken place. And many newspapers and newspaper correspondents have been mistaken also. When the matter of the American "mission" to the Vatican was first broached it was freely and plainly intimated that the secret of the Arch-bishop's activity and interest in the mat-ter was his ambition to be made a car-dinal, and that he expected by his serv-ice to the Government on the one hand and to the Vatican on the other in the deal to realize his ambition in the way in which he had planned. But the scheme did not work with entire success, or at least has not so far, and so now, accord-ing to the dispatch to which we have re-ferred, which appeared in the New York Tribune of August 31, there is to be de-lay until "after a satisfactory solution of the Philippine question" before the Pres-ident of the United States "asks the Pope to recompense Archbishop Ireland" with a cardinalate. It is strange that this reiterated idea is treated with the indifference that it is. If it is not true to the facts there should be no delay on the part of those con-cerned to make the fact known. The Archbishop has shown himself very zeal-ous of late in discountenancing rumors which reflected upon the Government. Here is an excellent opportunity for him 