SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. Synopsis of all Sunday enforcement news in this issue.ŠArrests under Sunday laws: For selling, 20; for buying, 2; for laboring, 7; for barbering, 4; for playing ball, 24; for hunting, 3; for giving public performances, 6; for liquor selling, 45. Total, iii. Persons fined: For selling, 14; for buying, 2; for laboring, 7; for barbering, 1; for playing ball, 4; for hunting, 2; for liquor selling, 15. Total, 45. Liquor dealers indicted for Sunday selling. 25; fined and deprived of licenses, 24. Sunday enforcement movements and agitations: Against opening of stores and shops and selling, 18; against common labor, 3; against barbering, 5; against ball playing, 5; against selling newspapers, 1; against public entertainments, 2 ; against liquor selling, 17; general, 8. Total, 59. Strict Sunday ordinance adopted in La-moni, Iowa. Wholesale arrests and finings at Richmond, Va. One city ordinance closing butcher shops pronounced invalid by an Iowa superior court judge. Properly conducted athletic games declared to be no violation of Sunday law by Long Island magistrate. Sunday shaving in public shop declared not to be a necessity, and to be in violation of State Sunday law, by Wisconsin circuit court judge. Question of Sunday ball playing brought before Nebraska supreme court. One city ordinance adopted in Illinois repealing prohibition against Sunday bowling. Appealed case of W. T. Gibson, seventh-day observer, disposed of by nolle prosequi in superior court at Cambridge, Mass. Very widespread agitation, at-tended in some instances by violence, for closing of all stores in the city being carried on by organizations of retail clerks, meat cutters, "boss" barbers, wholesale and retail butchers and grocers, and others, in Chicago. Widespread agitation on the part of clerks and labor unions in Argentina, S. A., for national Sunday-rest law. Three storekeepers of Lancaster, Ohio, were recently arrested "for violating the Sunday closing law." The city council of Waukegan, Ill., has "passed an ordinance permitting Sun-day bowling, which was forbidden a year ago." The matter of "closing all the business places in town on Sunday" by law, was under discussion in Carthage, N. Y., re-cently. Ł "The question of Sunday closing of business houses" was under considera-tion by the town council of Ackley, Iowa, on November 7. The barbers and butchers of La Crosse, Wis., have of late been carrying on a Sunday enforcement agitation with re-gard to their respective lines of business. A Sunday-enforcement regime of such strictness that "neither visitors nor home people could so much as secure soda water or a cigar" was recently reported from Waco, Texas. Ł "The growing tendency to the desecra-tion of the Sabbath, and the remedies therefor," was the general subject of a discussion that took place at a district Methodist conference in session in Hur-ley, S. D., November 12. The Providence (R. I.) Telegram of October 3 contained this item : "Joseph Daly pleaded guilty to the charge of fol-lowing his usual avocation on Sunday, and was fined $5 and costs for so doing in the sixth district court this morning." Ł The barbers of Davenport, Iowa, have begun an agitation for "the Sunday clos-ing of barber shops" in that city. The opinion prevails that "to be successful the 