398 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY public statement declaring that these in-offensive Jews should not be persecuted in this way. It seems strange to the thoughful stu-dent of the situation that law-makers should continue such inconsistent and self-destructive legislation. The worst forms of evil, liquor-selling, gambling and social vice, thrive most when men are most at leisure. Present legislation con-cerning Sunday entrenches the liquor traffic and its associate evils, because un-der existing laws it is able to secure the persecution of the Jews and others whom  the law treats unjustly. It goes with-out saying that such legislation would not continue were it not for certain con-servative religious and.  political influ-ences which combine to keep it in exist-ence, and so to perpetuate evil results which might be avoided, in a large de-gree, if liquor-selling, gambling and so-cial evil were legislated against upon their own meritsŠor rather demeritsŠand if the unscriptural and self-destruc-tive legislation which compels all men to idleness on Sunday was set aside.ŠSab-bath Recorder. Perverting Right Ways By W. N. Glenn THE people of the United States set out to demonstrate the practica-bility of a government without a king and a church without a pope. This con-summation could be attained only by a complete separation of church and state. The theory was that civil government could do its legitimate work better with-out the interference of the church, and the church (that is, the Christian church) could do its God-designed work better without any dependence upon the state. This is Protestantism ; anything else is the Papacy in principle, whatever it may be called. The Christian church was set in motion under the direction of the Holy Spirit; it ignored the support of any power but the power of God. The Apostle Paul stood up for the faith on this ground : "I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ ; for it is the pow-er of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom. 1 :16. The Gospel being itself the power of God, could not be supplemented by any further power ;  for in Christ was vested all power "in heaven and in earth." Mat. 28:18. Therefore to attempt to add any further power to the work would be to depre-ciate the power of God ; for to attempt to do the work of the Gospel by any other means than that authorized by the Word of God would be to assume that the Word of itself was not sufficient. The Spirit of God could not work with a spirit of such a characterŠa spirit lacking full confidence in the WordŠand consequent-ly the work would be marred and weak-ened. So whatever attempt might be made to inject the civil government or any oth-er merely human auxiliary into the Gos-pel work would be logically a scheme of the adversary. And history has demon-strated that wherever the civil govern-ment has undertaken to direct the Chris-tian religion there has been persecutionŠthe practise of the very opposite of Chris-tian principles ; and wherever the church has had the power to dominate the gov- 