THE SOURCE OF TRUE LIBERTY 627 even were that not the case, there can be no doubt as to which position is backed by the far higher and more important and essential support and sustenance of the principles of equity, righteousness, justice and truth. We have full sympathy with those who are alarmed at the real evils that threaten the land, and would not say a word in hindrance of efforts to stay the tide of moral evil that is certainly rising higher all the time ; but we have no sym-pathy with the quack remedy and pre-ventative which the Sunday-enforcement advocate thrusts forward upon every oc- casion, and therefore we shall continue to call attention to the fact that this remedy is not only destitute of curative proper-ties but contains elements productive of evils far greater than those complained of. And especially do we have no sym-pathy with the efforts of those who seek to make of a deplorable condition of af-fairs the occasion for setting aside fundamental principles and invading inalienable rights. We do not believe that the evils that already exist afford any valid excuse, much less reason, for the introduction of more and greater evils. The Source of True Liberty By H. W. Reed CHRIST came to this world to set all men at liberty. That which was His mission should be the mission of His representatives. It is truth that makes men free. Those who know not the truth are in bondage, the servants or slaves of sin. He who is overcome is in bondage. The entire hu-man family, in their natural condition, are the servants of sin. Christ saves men from sin, therefore He is the Author of true liberty. Satan is the author of sin, but Christ is the Author of freedom from sin. He frees men from the dominion of Satan, and restores them to the glorious liberty of the sons of God. All sin originates in covetousness, or the love of self to the disregard of the liberties and rights of others. Covet-ousness, or selfishness, is that which lies at the root of every sin. It is impossi-ble to break any one of the Ten Com-mandments without first transgressing  the tenth, which declares, "Thou shalt not covet." Covetousness, or the desire to gratify and pleise self regardless of the rights of others, is what caused Satan's fall in heaven. It was covetousness that caused man's fall. Selfishness is the rul-ing spirit of the "man of sin" and sinful men everywhere. Selfishness is the root of all sin, and Jesus came to save all men from sin, therefore His mission was to save men from the inordinate love of self, and enable them to recognize and respect the rights of others. And the rights of others are not different from our own. One man has no more in-herent or natural rights than another. The rights of all men are equal. This truth is enunciated in the Declaration of Independence : "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are cre-ated equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights ; that among these are life, lib- 