THE WISCONSIN "REFORM" CONVENTION I I were printed together as " No. 89 " of the " Lord's Day Papers," both had the same place of meeting, the Methodist Episcopal Church, and though each of course represented a different organiza-tion and was presided over by different officers, those who were active partici-pants in the proceedings of one were also active participants in the proceedings of the other. The separate organization for the Sunday " reform," and the fact that that association is more than twice as old as the "Federation of Reforms," is typ-ical of what, in the estimation of many of the friends of " reform," is the relative importance of the Sunday " reform " to other reforms. The writer was present at the sessions of both these conventions, and took notes of nearly all that was said. This report will have to consist chiefly of selections from those notes of such things as it is thought will be of special interest to SENTINEL readers. While in most of the quotations the words are given just as they were uttered, it is possible that there may be slight inaccuracies here and there, but not such as to misrepresent the speaker's thought. According to the program the first meeting of the " Federation of Reforms " was to have been addressed by a Baptist clergyman of Oshkosh on " The Holy Spirit's Help Essential in such Federa-tion," and by a Congregationalist clergy-man of Madison on " Co-operation of Churches in Reform Work." But both speakers failed to appear. This threw somewhat of a damper upon the meeting, but others filled up the time. The presi-dent of the organization, Rev. Henry Faville, pastor of the First Congrega-tional Church of La Crosse, occupied most of the time. Here are some things that he said : I suppose your pastors have explained what this Federation of Reforms is. It is simply a means of getting together to do what many  are trying to do separately. There are fifteen organizations represented here. What is the object of these fifteen organizations?ŠBettet men and better women in the State of Wis-consin. This is what we are desirous of cul-tivating. Who is responsible for a high grade of public morality in Wisconsin? Are we not responsible for the morality of Wisconsin? There are more pastors in this Federation than any other class of men. I find that on the program there are sixteen ministers. It is not our mission to see that laws are enforced, but it is some one else's. I am afraid that some-times this Federation tries to do too much. But, you know, the common lack of humanity is not to do enough. The old negro minister divided his sermon into three parts, as we always do: First, the world is upside down; second, it must be turned right side up; third, we are the chaps to do it. Federation is the joining of the churches for the cleansing of society, for making it a fit place for boys and girls to grow up in. The church shall clean society out, and that is the work of reform. This Federation is to make legislation effective. The law will not do anything unless some one puts it in force. It is just like an axe; it does not do any work un-til some one takes it and swings it. I know there is not one town in the State but where there are enough good men and women to drive out the evils that are now to be found in it. But that majority must take hold of the work in earnest, trusting in the Holy Spirit. We must all work together. There is power in the . clenched fist, so we must stick together. But it is useless for us to come here unless the great Arm is to help us. I believe in the power that came upon the disciples in days of old. If we ignore that power we shall be ignored. If we have that power, victory is sure. We have that power. We will go forward in the glory of it. Considerable comment could be made upon the above, but it will be necessary to let the reader do his own commenting on all the quotations. Statements of spe-cial significance and importance are placed in italics. Mr. Faville, in common with most of the other speakers before the convention, evidently regarded the liquor traffic and its associated evils as the principal things against which the power and energies of 