EDITORIAL church;jI  transfer of this burden from the Govern-ment to Roman Catholic organizations was an eminently proper step, for it ap-pears very clearly that this work of the Catholics among the Indians is not only religious, but is thoroughly sectarian in object and purpose. Its object is the education of " Catholic Indian children " in " the principles of the faith." " Catho-lic Indians are a heritage to the Church from the labors of the great missionaries from the time of Marquette," and the education of the Indian children in Gov-ernment schools will not do, notwith-.standing " it is true the Government has allowed religious instruction at certain hours in the Government schools," be-cause in that way " it is not possible to obtain the desired result of giving to all Catholic Indian children adequate in-struction in the principles of their faith." And, instead of being looked upon as so much in their favor, the religious exercises or services that sometimes take place in the Government schools are pointed to as a great objection to those schools so far as the purpose of the Catholic educational work among the In-dians is concerned. It is pointed out that those exercises or services are " nominational " ; and " undenominational religious services are . . . non-Catho-lic," and " it requires no argument to show how the faith which should be in-stilled by constant teaching is weakened by attendance at these services." It is further pointed out that the " intelligent and fair " rule of the Carlisle school, that pupils must attend the respective churches to which they belong, or for which their parents or guardians express a preference," has " unhappily not been adopted anywhere else [in any other Government school] than in that school," the Commissioner of Indian affairs hav-ing declared: " This Government has no night to compel the attendance of any person upon religious instruction or this office has invariably refused to compel Indian children in the schools to attend any church other than the simple undenominational religious serv-ices in these schools." So " there ap-pears to be only one legitimate conclu-sion, namely : the Catholic Indian mis-sion school is an absolute necessity." The organization which has been formed to raise the money, which the Government very properly refuses any longer to furnish, for the support of these schools, is very appropriately called the " Society for the Preservation of the Faith Among Indian Children." And since " it is obvious that no change in the policy of the Government can now be expected, and unless the whole body of the Indian people are to be given up to other religious influences, it is essen-tial that Catholics throughout the United States look upon it as a matter of obliga-tion to aid the Society for the Propaga-tion of the Faith." In making an appeal for funds in conclusion the writer inad-vertently shows that from one standpoint at least there is absolutely no excuse for the demand of the Roman Catholics that the Government shall support their mis-sion work among the Indians. He says : To any one who looks back over the mar-velous growth of the Catholic faith in the United States since the days of Archbishop Carroll and compares the wealth and power of its ten millions of adherents with the small and feeble remnant at the beginning of the century, this sum of $140,000, which to the devoted director and his associates of the In-dian Bureau seems such an enormous sum, be-comes a mere bagatelle. There are many more than one hundred and forty parishes in the United States that could pay from one collec-tion $i000 each, and if the whole body of the Catholic people are once enlightened as to the necessity of supporting these schools, the money will be forthcoming promptly. But, notwithstanding this, the support of the Government is relinquished very slowly. " A source of great regret and of loss to the Catholic mission 50001$ Qf 