"STRONGER GOVERNMENI" 355 that representatives and commissions should observe the etiquette of the courts to which they are sent. But still that does not sufficiently explain to us the strong papal complexion of this com-mission. The information which was sent out from Washington on April to empha-sizes what we have already said with re-gard to the needlessness of sending a commission to the Vatican. Here is "Monsignor" Sbaretti, "fresh from the Vatican," and with him is Bishop O'Gor-man who seems to have no difficulty in representing the Papacy. Why, then, send a commission to Rome when the Pope has representatives already in Washington? If "Monsignor" Sbaretti was competent to represent the Pope at Havana when "the Church" was being straightened out in Cuba, and also to  represent him at Manila until within a few months ago, why is it that he can-not represent the Pope now? The plain fact is that the Papacy is amply able to have herself represented anywhere in the world, and she is represented whenever she wants to be; but when she can score such a victory as to have the Amer-ican Government send a special commis-sion to the Vatican assuredly she will not spoil it by deputing a commission of her own. The Papacy is exceedingly wise in her time, and when she can play the mountain to Mohammed she does not allow the opportunity to pass, especial-ly when Mohammed happens to be the United States of AmericaŠthe nation which once held aloft the Protestant and republican principles of the absolute sepa-ration of church and state and the in-alienable rights of the individual. "Stronger Government " (John Shillady in Detroit (Mich.) Sunday News-Tribune) HON. LESLIE M. SHAW, in a recently published article in The Sunday News-Tribune, has called atten-tion to a fact which cannot have escaped the most casual student of American his-tory. Certain it is that the tendency has been "always toward a stronger govern-ment." What is likely to escape the un-wary reader is the subtle deception that lurks in the word "stronger." The occa-sional thinker sees his "stronger govern-ment" in a panorama surrounded by the "governments" of Great Britain, France, Germany, and Russia, and in that phrase "stronger" he sees a sweet morsel that tickles the palate and causes the flush of victory to, mount to his brow. The outer splendor of a strong government, its army and navy, appeal to his imagina- tion, and guided by his emotions, he rises on a wave of patriotic fervor, and too often never again reaches terra firma. In the victories of its navy, away across the sea, he feels an exultation that seems not to be dulled by the fact that he has no quarrel with the people "across the way." The discerning person looks beyond the outward show and asks of the re-splendent oneŠthe "stronger govern-ment"Š"who and what art thou, from whence thy strength, upon what food dost thou feed ?" Putting the query to History, we learn that "strong governments" are no new thing, nor peculiar to America, nor to any race or time. The old civilizations that have passed away and left only splendid ruins, built under the guidance 