342 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ized by a class dependence rather than by a personal dependence. But it differs in still other respects from the old. It is qualified and restricted, and by agencies hardly operative in medieval times. De-mocracy tends to restrain it, and ethics to moralize it. Tho' it has its birth and nur-ture out of the "rough and unsocialized barbarians of wealth," in Mr. Henry D. Lloyd's phrase, its youth and maturity promise a modification of character. More and more it tends to become a be-nevolent feudalism. On the ethical side it is qualified by a growing and diffusive sense of responsibility and of kinship. The principle of the "trusteeship of great wealth" having found lodgment, like a seed, in the erstwhile barren soil of mam-monism, has become a flourishing growth. The enormous benefactions for social purposes, which have been com-mon of late years, and which in 1901 reached a total of $107,000,000, could come only from men and women who have been taught to feel an ethical duty to society. It is a duty, true enough, which is but dimly seen and imperfectly fulfilled. The greater part of these bene-factions is directed to purposes which have but a slight or indirect bearing upon the relief of social distress, the re-straint of injustice, or the mitigation of remediable hardships. . . . The limitation which democracy puts upon the new feudalism is also impor-tant. For democracy will endure, in spite of the new order. . . . Some-thing of its substance it gives back, it must be confessed; for it permits the most serious encroachments upon its rights ; but of its outer forms it yields nothing, and thus it retains the poten-tiality of exerting its will in whatever direction it may see fit. And this fact, tho' now but feebly recognized by the feudal barons, will be better understood by them as time runs on, and they will  bear in mind the limit of popular pa-tience. . . . Macaulay's famous dic-tum, that the privileged classes, when their rule is threatened, always bring about their own ruin by making further exactions, is likely, in this case, to prove untrue. A wiser forethought begins to prevail among the autocrats of to-dayŠa forethought destined to grow and ex-pand and to prove of inestimable value when bequeathed to their successors. Our nobility will thus temper their exac-tions to an endurable limit; and they will distribute benefits to a degree that makes a tolerant, if not a satisfied peo-ple. They may even make a working principle of Bentham's maxim, and after, of course, appropriating the first and choicest fruits of industry to themselves, may seek to promote the "greatest hap-piness of the greatest number." For therein will lie their greater security. Of the particular forms which this new feudalism will take there are al-ready numerous indications which fur-nish grounds for more or less confident prediction. All societies evolve natur- ally out of their predecessors. In so- ciology, as in biology, there is no cell without a parent cell. The society of each generation develops a multitude of spontaneous and acquired variations, and out of these, by a blending process of natural and conscious selection, the succeeding society is evolved. The new feudalism is but an orderly outgrowth of past and present tendencies and condi-tions. Unlike the old feudalism it is not con-fined to the country. Qualified in cer-tain respects tho' it be, it has yet a far wider province and scope of action. The great manorial estates now being created along the banks of the Hudson, along the shores of Long Island Sound and Lake Michigan, are but its pleasure . placesŠits Sans Soucis. its Bagatelles. a 