SUNDAY LAWS Certain abuses and profanations on the Lord's day, called Sunday," complains that whereas " certain houses . . . have of late frequently been opened . . . un-der pretext of enquiring into religious doctrines and explaining texts of Holy Scripture, debates have frequently been held on the evening of the Lord's day concerning divers texts of Holy Scrip-ture by persons unlearned and incompe-tent to explain the same, to the corrup-tion of good morals, and to the en-couragement of irreligion and profane-ness," therefore it enacts that the keeper of such room be fined L2oo for every day such room or house is open. The chair-man of the meeting is also to forfeit Imo to any one who sues for it, and the doorkeeper to pay £50, or a total fine of £350, or $1,750, for each offense! But the Sunday law that is most known and respected is that of 29 Charles II., passed in 1676, and entitled " An act for the better observation of the Lord's day, called Sunday." Section 1 enacts that " all the laws in force concerning the observation of the Lord's day, and repairing to the church thereon, shall be carefully put in execution." This illustrates the ineffectiveness of such laws in general. As soon as one is made, another has to be made to enforce the first one. This in itself proves that there is no vital power in a civil law to make men keep a religious institution relig-iously. This law not only forbids " worldly labor," but also enjoins " repairing to the church," and requires that " all per- sons shall, on every Lord's day, apply themselves to the observation of the same, by exercising themselves thereon in the duties of piety and true religion, pub-licly and privately." To enforce this requirement as it reads would necessitate the revival of the Inquisition ; for while dragging a man to church and compel-ling him to sit in a pew during church  OF ENGLAND 26.5 service might satisfy those enforcing the law of the public exercises of his relig-ious duties, nothing but the rack or thumb-screws could force from him a disclosure of what he had or had not done privately. The penalty attached to this master-piece of English Sunday legislation is five shillings' fine for each offense, or, in default, two hours in the stocks. There can be no question as to its char-acter and object. Plainly it is religious and designed to increase church attend-ance. Though still in force generally throughout British dominions, it is sel-dom at the present day enforced. If it were, there would be millions fined, and millions more sitting in the stocks. This law has been fittingly memorial-ized in the following poem by " Oriel," which appeared in the Melbourne (Aus-tralia) Argus, of May 12, 1894, on the occasion of its being put, into execution against two observers of the seventh-day who had worked on their farms on Sun-day: In the Stocks In the days when Charles the Second ruled the glorious British nation, It is said from paths of virtue he habitually swerved; That he spent his whole existence in repulsive dissipationŠ But at last he took precaution that the Sab- -bath was observed. He was prone, perhaps, to covet the posses-sions of his neighbor, Or his neighbor's wife or daughter, or his servant, or his ox; But he held decided views upon the point of Sunday labor, And he punished all transgressors by con-finement in the stocks. Let us cherish the remembrance of a prince so truly pious, And condone his little pleasures as the fol-lies of a king; Close our eyelids to his vices, let them pass unheeded by us, Though in ordinary mortals it would be a different thing. 