792 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY does not have to buy; if he says he sees the sales made, no matter what distance he stands from the store he is spotting, his testimony is accepted. No matter how much the defendant denies, he has to pay up, and when the veracity of the informers is questioned, the judge will say : " Until I find he is lying, I will believe him. You are fined $6.50." Samuel Berman, who conducts a cigar store at the southwest corner of Thirty-second and Market Streets, was among the first called. Albert Hoover testified that he had entered the store last Sunday and saw cigars sold. "As you have nothing to say, I'll fine you $4 and costs," said the magistrate. Samuel Greenstein was not so reticent. His place is at 3138 Market Street. He was charged by Hoover with selling a plug of tobacco last Sunday. Green-stein wanted to know how Hoover could see what transpired in the store while he (Hoover) was on the street. "Why, your honor, there is a man next door to me who sells chestnuts, pea-nuts, and everything most on Sunday," cried Greenstein. " Why ain't he ar-rested ? " The magistrate did not know, and intimated that he cared less. Greenstein paid over the $6.50. John Nardini, 1808 Market Street, sold to-bacco on Sunday, said the agent. " I don't sell tobacco, I sell cigars," said Nardini. Agent Vail asked that the case be postponed until further evi-dence was obtained. Ralph Hart, old and feeble, told a pitiable tale, which brought tears to the eyes of several in the courtroom. Hart conducts a small cigar store at 709 Oxford Street. He was charged with allowing tobacco to be sold at his place on Sunday, October 25. Agent S. L. Biddle made the charge. In a trembling voice the old man said : " I am nearly blind. For two years my wife has been an invalid, suffering from paralysis. The few ci-gars and little tobacco I sell is my only support, and business is so poor I can hardly make a living. Deprived of my Sunday sales, .1 don't know what I'm to do. I only take in a few dollars Sunday, but that means so much to me." " Don't you think you could live if you closed the 'shop on Sunday ? "  asked the magistrate. " No, your honor," was the answer. Hart was discharged. " I always close my store at noon Sunday and go to church," said Jeffrey Smedley, whose tobacco store is at 1433 Filbert Street. The agents doubted this, and Smedley was fined $8 and costs upon two charges. J. D. Farmakis, a heavily-built Greek, was charged with allowing the sale of candy at his store, 1211 Market Street, on the three past Sundays. He had just re-turned from Europe, he said, and did not know of any violation of the law at his place of business. Farmakis has but one eye, and it snapped savagely as he paid over $19.50. Others who were fined $4 and costs for selling on Sunday were : Joseph Kane, a clerk at the Hotel Vendig ; Angelo Bonini, 1704 Market Street; C. S. Dougherty, 1536 Market Street; C. H. Cummings, 3950 Lancaster Avenue ; Charles Spie-gel, 714 Vine Street ; Peter Haubert, 46 North Delaware Avenue ; E. C. Ramey, 38 North Broad Street ; C. W. Buckley, 3101 Spring Garden Street; J. G. Blanco, Eleventh and Arch Streets; Michael F. Ahern, 536 North Thirty-sixth Street, and Franklin F. Neurer, 830 Vine Street. E. J. Stehnel, 161 North Ninth Street, was fined $8 and costs. Maximilian J. Nachbar, 4108 Haverford Street, admitted selling a cigar last Sunday, but upon his prom-ise not to repeat the offense was re-leased on costs, $2.50. Agent Vail said that 2,000 convic-tions have been made since November 23, 1902. When asked if 80 per cent of these were small dealers and proprie-tors of corner stands, he admitted that they were. The following is from the account of the trials on August 12, when 116 deal-ers were arraigned : Magistrate South's court on Wednes-day last was an almost continuous scene of disorder and pandemonium. . One hundred and sixteen blue-law victims were ordered to appear to answer charges of selling cigars or candy. The charges as usual were made by the Rev. G. S. Vail, whose name appeared to all the affidavit& The court.' was packed 4 