THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 621 great mistakeŠthat the promise of independence given to the Cubans ought never to have been made, because they ought to be ruled by the United States. Thus spoke Senator Beveridge recently to a vast and applauding audience in this city. " Forcible annexation " of Cuba, which but two years ago was " not to be thought of " because it would be " crimi-nal aggression," is now, according to this spokes-man, entirely justifiable and proper. The point t' be noted is the rapidity with which the old Ameri-can ideals of government are giving place to others of an opposite character. REFERRING to the reports, now well authenti-cated, that the looting of Tien-Tsin and Peking was authorized by military authority, the Christian En-deavor World inquires: " What can the so-called Christian nations ex-pect after this horrible exhibition of barbarism? They have sown the wind; they will surely reap the whirlwind. The excesses of the Boxers in their maddest moments were apparently no greater, if they were as great, as the rapine and destruction of these barbarians from civilized lands. Who can blame the Chinese for any reprisals which they may hereafter make upon these hordes of white bandits who have overrun their country?" The possession of a white skin and a knowledge of the ways of civilization are no proof that an in-dividual is not as pure a barbarian as ever lived. And of such individuals the " so-called Christian nations " are in large part composed. WE commend the following thoughts expressed by the Oriental Watchman, published in Calcutta, India, in reference to the Chinese situation as it was a few weeks ago. After describing the perils by which the missionaries were surrounded, the Watch-man says: "There is a lesson to be learned by these calami-ties, and missionaries need to study it. How often have we seen the spectacle of missionary bodies call-ing for political intervention, and, if not calling for it, allowing themselves without protest to be treated just like other citizens,' when difficulties with the non-Christian peoples have arisen. All this has given people the impression that Lord Salisbury in-dicated in his warning to missionaries. He also, a politician, set forth a spiritual truth that most mis-sionary bodies have been too blind to see. He  pointed out the spiritual weakness that must result from associating religion with political power. And now, it is to be feared, the innocent will have to suffer with the guilty. Whenever a missionary makes himself a party to calling for the sword to punish anti-Christian violence he forgets Christ's warning, They that take the sword shall perish with the sword.' " Of course governments, from their point of view, must protect their citizens, the missionary as well as others. And some say, Ought not a 'mis-sionary to be protected the Same as any citizen?' If the missionary wants to place himself on the same level as citizens of the kingdoms of this world he may do so. But the true missionary is a man sent from God,' not from England, or America, or Ger-many. His citizenship is in heaven,' and when he gets into trouble over the discharge of his duties as an ambassador of heaven he appeals to the court of heaven for protection. In the realm of the gos-pel the Lord said, Vengeance is mine, I will repay,' and as for protection, Lo, I am with you always.' For years missionaries have penetrated to the remotest corners of China. There have been local tumults and violence, but when persecuted in one city the missionary has usually been able to flee unto another, as Christ commanded. It is undenia-ble that the gravest dangers to missionaries have arisen through the hatred stirred up by the actions of political powers. Some missionaries have called for it, and some have protested against it. Now we can only commend all alike to the only protection that can save hundreds of mission stations in the Chinese interior." THE MAP OF CHINA. We have mailed several hundred of these maps to patrons of THE SENTINEL during the past few weeks and have received only words of commenda-tion therefor. Our limited supply now remaining we shall continue to mail to all purchasers at the nomi-nal price of fifteen cents. Order your copy of this map of China before it is too late. GOD never ordained that any man should go in the way of unrighteousness, nor that any nation should go in the path of injustice. THIS nation has become a giant who is no longer content with the nursery rimes that were sung around his cradle.ŠPresident Northrop, of Minnesota Univer-sity. 