'618 THE SENTINEL OF' LIBERTY. he was at last arraigned by the representatives of his countrymen before the High Court of Parliament. His defense when confronted with the shocking details of the enormities of his administration was, in words and in substance, the arguments that the American people have listened to now for some time, and to which they are still listening. He declared that in the country in which he governed an entirely different set of rules and of principles must be fol-lowed; that the people over whom he ruled were of a " most depraved state," and incapable of enjoying anything but oppression, and that he was authorized in ruling them arbitrarily because that was the kind of rule they had always been used to. Edmund Burke, at the trial before the Lords in Westminster Hall, replied in part' as follows: " My lords, you have now heard the principles on which Mr. Hastings governs the part of Asia sub-jected to the British empire. You have heard his opinion of the mean and depraved state of those who are subject to it. You have heard his lecture upon arbitrary power, which he states to be the con-stitution of Asia. You hear the application he makes of it, and you hear the practices which he employs to justify it, and who the persons were on whose au-thority he relies and whose example he professes to follow. In the first place, your lordships will be as-tonished at the audacity with which he speaks of his own administration as if he was reading a specula-tive lecture on the evils attendant upon some viCi-ous system of foreign government, in which he had no sort of concern whatsoever. And then, when in this speculative way he has established, or thinks he has, the vices of the government, he conceives he has found a sufficient apology for his own crimes. And if he violates the most solemn engagements, if he oppresses, extorts, and robs, if he imprisons, con-fiscates, banishes at his sole will and pleasure, when we accuse him for his ill treatment of the people committed to him as a sacred trust, his defense is,Š"To be robbed, violated, oppressed is their privilege; let the constitution Of their country answer for it; I did not make it for them. Slaves I found them, and as , slaves I have treated them. I was a deVotic prince; despotic governments are jealous and the subjects prone to rebellion. This very proneness of the subject to shake off his allegiance exposes him to continual danger from his sovereign's jealousy; and this is consequent upon the political state of Hindostanic governments." He lays it down as a rule that despotism is the genuine constitution of India; that a disposition to rebellion in the subject or dependent prince is the necessary effect of this despotism, and .that jealousy and its consequences naturally arise on the part of the sovereign; that the government is everything and the subject noth-ing; that the great landed men are in a mean and' depraved state. . . . " But nothing is more false than that despotism is the constitution of any country in Asia that we are acquainted with. It is certainly not true of any Maihomedan constitution; but if it were, do your lordships really think that the nation would bear, that any human creature would bear, to hear an English governor defend himself on such principles? or, if he can defend himself on such principles, is it possible to deny the conclusion that no man in India has a security for anything, but by being totally in-dependent of the British government? Here he has declared his opinion that he is a despotic prince; that he is to use arbitrary power, and, of course, all his acts are covered with that shield. I know,' says he 'the constitution of Asia only from its prac-tice.' Will your lordships submit to hear the cor-rupt practices of mankind made the-principles of government? No; it will be your pride and glory to teach men intrusted with power that, in their use of it, they are to ,conform to principles, and not to draw their principles from the corrupt prac-tice of any man whatever. Was there ever heard or could it be conceived that a governor would dare to heap up all the evil practices, all the cruel-ties, oppressions, extortions, corruptions, briber-ies, of all the ferocious usurpers, desperate, robbers, thieves, cheats, and jugglers that ever had office from one end of Asia to another, and consolidating all this mass of the crimes and absurdities of barbarous domination into one code, establish it as the whole duty of an English governor? I believe that till this time so audacious a thing was never attempted by man. " He have arbitrary power ! My lords, the East India Company have not arbitrary power to give him; the king has no arbitrary power to give him; your lordships have- net, nor the Commons, nor the whole legislature. We have no arbitrary power to give, because arbitrary power is a thing which neither any man can Wold nor any mah can give. No man can lawfully govern himself according to-his own will, much less can one person be governed by the will of another. We are all born in subjection, all born equally, high and low, governors and governed, in subjection to one great, immutable, pre-existent law, prior to all our devices, and prior to all our con-trivances. paramount to all our ideas and all our sen-sations, antecedent to our very existence, by which we are knit and connected in the eternal frame of the universe, out of which we cannot stir. "This great law does not arise from our conven-tions or compacts; but, on the contrary, it gives to 