Al)VERTISEMENTS 19,1 themselves. The popery that Protestants are now so ready to honor is the same that ruled the world in the days of the Reformation, when men of God stood up at the peril of their lives to expose her iniquity. She possesses the same pride and arrogant assumption that lorded it over kings and princes, and claimed the prerogatives of God. Her spirit is no less cruel and despotic now than when she crushed out human liberty and slew the saints of the Most High. Let the re-straints now imposed by secular govern-ments be removed, and Rome reinstated in her former power, and there would speedily be a revival of her tyranny and persecution. It is part of her policy to assume the character which will best ac-complish her purpose ; but beneath the variable appearance of the chameleon, she conceals the invariable venom of the ser-pent. She is employing every device to  extend her influence and increase her power. She is silently growing into, power. Her doctrines are exerting their influence in legislative halls, in the churches, and in the hearts of men. She is piling up her lofty and massive struc-tures. Stealthily and unsuspectingly she is strengthening her forces to further her own ends when the time shall come for her to strike. All that she desires is vantage giound, and this is being given her. Protestants have tampered with and patronized popery ; they have made concessions which papists themselves are surprised to see, and fail to understand. Men are closing their eyes to the rear character of Romanism, and the dangers to be apprehended from her supremacy. The people need to be aroused to resist the advances of this most dangerous foe to civil and religious liberty.ŠMrs. E. G. White. LEGAL SUNDAY Sunday laws and their enforcement has become one of the leading questions of the day. The subject is one of absorbing interest and much has been written upon it. Much, too, has been said by the clergy, by the lawyers, by the legislatures and by the courts. Until recently, however, there seems to have been no very careful inquiry into the merits of the case of the legal SundayŠno open challenge of its right to exist. In THE LEGAL SUNDAY: Its History and Character, James T. Ringgold, a member of the Baltimore bar at his decease, challenges Sunday's legal right to an exist-ence. This book is a clear, logical, forceful presentation of a subject which is of vital interest to every American citizen. "Legal Sunday" contains 252 pages, is bound in paper covers, and costs the small sum of 25 cents. CHRISTIAN PATRIOTISM A straightforward discussion of the relation of the Christian patriot to earthly gov-ernments, and of the principles which should govern him. An important subject, too, in these days when so many seem befogged and uncertain as to their duties and responsibili-ties in this respect. CLOTH, 40 Cents. THE GREAT NATIONS OF TO-DAY In this the author plainly shows that the great nations of to-day are clearly men-tioned in the Bible, and their destiny foretold. A most interesting historical and pro-phetical study, proving incidentally the inspiration of the Bible. PAPER COVERS, 25 Cents. THE MARSHALLING OF THE NATIONS This little booklet shows conclusively that the five great Powers actually hold in their hands the mire? and a greater part of the territory of the world. But there is a sig-nificance to all this that but few understand. Read this pamphlet and the meaning will be plain. Has a double-page, four-color man of the world. showing how it is now par-titioned among the various powers. PAPERCOVERS, 10 Cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING- CO. 11 'West 20th Street, New 'York City. 