420  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY issue will carry far more weight than if the same things were said by THE SENTINEL. These things are the ut-terances of two men who are not only recognized as able and deep thinkers, but who are not inclined to exaggerate the evils of society; if anything, they would be rather inclined to minimize or ignore them, for their attitude with respect to society and the nation is such as to make them optimistic concerning them. Their position is that on the whole society is constantly progressing and ,improving, and they are not inclined with regard to the history of the nation to say that the former days were better than these. When such men speak as they do in the utterances given it can be depend-ed upon that the evil tendencies of which they speak are very real and pressing and menacing. Of course THE SENTINEL does not necessarily coincide with every sentiment expressed. Perhaps some of our readers will take exception to some things. ¥ But if the attitude and viewpoint of those quoted be given due considera-tion every word given can be read with profit. We intended commenting on some points, especially on the point of the relation between Dr. Adler's concep-tion of democracy and what he terms " the old Jeffersonian democratic for-mula," which he declares was " based on a falsehood." We do not believe that there is the conflict between the two that he sees. We most certainly believe that there is a conflict between the concep-tion that he describes and that which he says is prevalent to-day Ñ that govern-ment and freedom are simply for the purpose of enabling people to get rich and attain their own selfish ends regard-less of the welfare of others. But we do not believe that this, which he rightly terms a base and degrading conception of democracy, was the conception that Jefferson and his fellow-patriots had. We believe that Jefferson was right  when he wrote his great declaration of human equality and we believe that declaration is living truth to-day; and we believe also that Dr. Adler is right when he declares that human beings are not equal, but that there are great inequal-ities. We believe that Jefferson was right in the idea that the object of gov-ernment was to promote the welfare of the individual ; and we believe that Dr. Adler is right when he says that its object is to promote the welfare of society. But we must leave this matter until another time. O In determining the capability of a people for self-government imperialism is guided not by principle, but by policy. It takes the view in each case which suits its purpose. An illustration : At the Ar-lington National Cemetery on the 3oth of May last year President Roosevelt declared with reference to the Filipinos that they could not grasp in a day " the slowly-learned and difficult art of self-government, an art which our people have taught themselves by the labor of a thousand years." The idea was that the Filipinos were just beginning to take lessons in this art, and that as it was such a " slowly-learned and difficult art," having required for its mastery by a more capable race " the labor of a thou-sand years," they would need the tutel-age of the United States for a long, long time to come. At the University of Cali-fornia on May 14 the President declared, in speaking of General Wood's work in Cuba: He was put down there to do an absolutely new task; to take a people of a different race, a different speech, a different creed, a people just emerging from the hideous welter of a cruel war; to take a people down in the depths of poverty, in the depths of misery, just recovering from sufferings which make one shudder; to take a people untrained utterly and absolutely in self-government and fit them for it. And he did it. 