THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY  563 800,000 men work on Sundays in the, railway and mail service in this country they do it of their own choice, with as much freedom as they work at any time, and surrounded by all the protection for exercising their right to work or not to work that the law can extend. It is by no means certain that if those ministers who lament so over the Sunday labor of those who have no lamentations for them-selves in the matter could have their way that the workers, clerks, trainmen, etc., Henry Clay declared, in his defense of the independence of the South American republics, that God never made a people incapable of self-government ; that it was the doctrine of thrones and a reflection on Jehovah to say that He created people incapable of self-government and left them to the government of kings and em-perors. Clay's logic is sound. Capacity for government is not a thing to be ac-quired or to be bestowed ; it is inherent in the people. As individuals differ in wis-dom, in self-restraint and in moral char-acter, so nations differ, but it cannot be said that any nation has reached perfec-tion in the science of government or in the art of administration ; neither can it The American idea of the rights of man and of the right of self-government is not false. It is true. All communities, however low they may be in the scale, have the germ of self-government. Without this they could not exist ; there could not be communities. . . . Whether a people are fit for self-govern-ment according to our standard is unim-portant. They are fit to improve if they are permitted, and in no other way has  would not be snatched away from the employment by which they earn their livelihood and thrown into jails and fined heavily or sent to chain-gangs and penitentiaries for engaging in "com-mon" and "secular" labor on "the Christian Sabbath." For a more trans-parent piece of speciousness than the plea of the ministerial Sunday-enforce-ment advocate for the "enslaved" work-ing man one would have to look far and wide. be said that any nation is so low down in the scale of civilization that it needs a foreign master. When Jefferson was in-vited to stkgest laws for a French colony which located in the United States early in the nineteenth century, he declined, and gave as his reason that laws were the outgrowth of the history and habits of the people and that no alien could be sufficiently in sympathy with, or suf-ficiently informed about, a people to make their laws for them. Self-govern-ment is in itself a developing process, and growth in capacity comes with the exer-cise of human rights under self-govern-ment. Ñ Wm. J. Bryan in Collier's Weekly. man improved in this domain than by ex-perience. . . . As well try to teach a boy how to swim without his striking out for himself, as to expect a people to learn the art of governing themselves by doing the governing for them. There is nothing so enervating to a people as to relieve them of the task of looking after themselves. They deteriorate with every year of foreign control.ÑAndrew Car-negie in North American Review. Any decent government of Filipinos by Filipinos is better than the best pos- sible government of Filipinos by Amer-icans.ÑPresident J. G. Schurman. 