THE MASSACHUSETTS HEARING 219 rights; they want also to invade the rights of other men, and it is from this that the law should restrain them. Ł Mr. W. T. Gibson, of Everett, and Mr. M. D. Mattson, another Adventist min-ister, also spoke in favor of the bill. Announcing that he was " not a clergy-man, but a laboring man," Mr. Gibson recounted to the committee some of the experiences he haS been compelled to suffer at different times during the last eight or ten years through the instru-mentality of the Sunday law. With these experiences readers of THE SENTINEL are somewhat familiar. In conclusion Mr. Gibson very properly declared that a law which enabled men on no better ground than that of " a mind disturb-ance " to prosecute and persecute others against whom they were prejudiced and spiteful because of difference of religious belief and practise, should be wiped from the statute books. Citing a recent case in North Carolina, in which " two Christian men were fined and on refusing to pay their fines, were imprisoned," Mr. Mattson emphasized a point that has been almost entirely ig-nored heretofore in considering the evils of Sunday legislation. He declared that Sunday laws not only operate to deprive citizens of their rights, and to bring a  species of religious persecution upon up-right and devout men, but that in many instances they oblige judges and other civil officials either to disregard their sense of right and justice or else to re-sign their official positions. The justice in the case in North Carolina declared at the trial that he though the Sunday law was unconstitutional and unjust, but that he was obliged to enforce it, adding that he hoped the cases would be appealed and his sentence reversed. Refusing to pay their fines, the men had to be taken to jail, and this placed the sheriff and the jailor in the predicament in which the justice had been. The first man deputized to take the men to jail refused absolutely to do so. The jailor, when the men were committed to him, refused to, or at least did not, imprison them as required by the sentence, but practically gave them their liberty during the time of their sentence, allowing them to stay at his house instead of at the jail. Mr. Mattson thought that proper regard for civil officials, to say nothing of those who are prosecuted, fined, and impris-oned under the law, required that they should be relieved from the necessity of enforcing such a measure as the Sunday law. The Op position Representatives of the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Protective League and of other religious bodies were pres-ent in opposition to the bill. It is un-necessary to quote extensively from their remarks, as a few brief quotations will make perfectly obvious the character of their opposition to the bill. If there were any points of consequence in their arguments they are presented in the fol-lowing utterances, which, of course, as is the case with some of those already presented, are reproduced from notes taken in haste and are not absolutely  verbatim, but are practically so. Rev. Mr. Kneeland, secretary of the organiza-tion just named, said: This measure is opposed by the Sabbath-keeping, good citizenship people throughout New England, both Catholic and Protestant, and practically by all the churches, except those of the body which favors this bill. I have no grievance against these people, but believe they are grievously mistaken. We, with some twenty thousand others, are all against the passage of this bill, for it would be tending to extremes. It seems to me that this measure is a dog-in-the-manger act. These people ,,,have been allowed an exemption clause, so that they can 