THE BIBLE IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS 607 pel the reading of the version of King James, Catholic taxpayers could mandamus the board to compel the reading of the Douay version, German Lutherans could mandamus the board to compel the reading of the Lutheran version; the public schools would be turned into relig-ious institutes. Otherwise, the school board, when brought to the alternative, would have to discriminate in favor of one or the other of these sects and thereby violate Section 4 of Article I of the Constitution. Wise and good men have struggled and agonized through centuries to find a correct interpretation of the Scriptures, and the ver-sion which they finally accepted their children read and study to-day and believe the only infallible guide to right conduct. When we force our citizens to pay for and send their children to public schools where the Bible of another faith is read to them, I believe we come dangerously near intruding upon freedom of conscience. There are a number of cases in different States, bearing upon the main question, which would seem opposed to the views here set forth, but none of the States in which those decisions  were made have in their constitutions a direct prohibition of sectarian instruction in the public schools. Exact Equality of All Sects, Creeds, or Religions Before the Law is the Rule of the Law and the Requirement of the Highest Morality The Constitution and laws of this State ap-pear to have in view the maintenance of exact equality of all sects, creeds, or religions ; that all shall have equal rights, equal opportunities, and be subject to equal restraints. And this accords well with that rule of human conduct, which is of higher wisdom and wider applica-tion than human laws, commending itself to the administration of the law and to every field of human action, and which is found with al- most verbal identity in the sacred books of all religions : All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do you even so to them, for this is the law and the prophets. I am, therefore, of the opinion that the read-ing of the King James version of the Bible, as a religious exercise, or its use as a text-book in the public schools, is prohibited by the Con-stitution and laws of this State. There is discontent among the heads of Nonconformist churches in Australia because they are ignored in the new table of precedence at Commonwealth func-tions, recently sanctioned by the King. Only the Roman Catholic cardinal and the Anglican primate are officially rec-ognized in the table. The disquieting circumstance is not in the fact that the Nonconformist leaders are ignored, but that they are troubled over the matter. Their Master's kingdom was not of this world, and He certainly did not expect that His representatives would ever be welcome at State functions when He said : " If ye were of the world, the world would love his own ; but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you." From the Saviour's stand-point it is an honor to the Nonconformists that they are not reckoned with the car-dinal and the primate, and it is to be  hoped that they will recognize this, and not continue to hanker for a part in state ceremonies.ŠPresent Truth, London. The desire to change the character of our public school system by the introduc-tion of peculiarly religious instruction is usually attributed to the Roman Catholic Church solely, but it extends to Protestant churches also. It has been expressed even at meetings of the National Educa-tional Association, a secular organization purely, on the theory that religious in-struction is an essential part of an educa-tion in which the mind and character are fully developed. How it is to be provided without doing violence to our constitu-tional separation of church and state and to the various and conflicting religious convictions of a public made up of Catho-lics and Protestants, Jews and infidels, has not been pointed out by that associa-tion.ŠNew York Sun. 