RUMANIAN PERSECUTIONSŠPROTEST AGAINST THEM 741 this country as immigrants and refugees large numbers of people whom oppres-sion has unfitted to care for themselves and to become efficient citizens, the Government of the -United States has a right to protest against the "international wrong" whereby they are driven to emi-grate and to call attention to the fact that that wrong is in violation of an international agreement as well as of "the principles of eternal justice." This "note" of protest was made pub-lic about the middle of September, but was dated early in August. It is under-stood that a previous protest had been sent directly to Rumania, but without evoking any favorable response. Such a spirit of humanity and justice pervades this document that we cannot forbear making these quotations from the por-tion that has appeared in the news-papers: Starting with the arbitrary and controverti-ble premise that the native Jews of Rumania, domiciled there for centuries, are "aliens not subject to foreign protection," the ability of the Jew to earn even the scanty means of ex-istence that suffice for a frugal race has been constricted by degrees until nearly every op-portunity to win a livelihood is denied, and until the helpless poverty of the Jew has con-strained an exodus of such proportions as to cause general concern. The political disabilities of the Jews in Rumania, imposing their exclusion from the public service and the learned professions, the limitations of their civil rights and the impo-sition upon them of exceptional taxes, involv-ing as they do wrongs repugnant to the moral sense of liberal modern peoples, are not so di-rectly in point for my present purpose as the public acts which attack the inherent right of man as a bread-winner in the ways of agri-culture and trade. The wrongs suffered in this respect are then set forth, and the document continues: In short, by the cumulative effect of suc-cessive restrictions, the Jews of Rumania have become reduced to a state of wretched misery.  Shut out from nearly every avenue of self-support which is open to the poor of other lands, and ground down by poverty, as the natural result of their discriminatory treat-ment, they are rendered incapable of lifting themselves from the enforced degradation they endure. . . . Human beings so circumscribed have virtu-ally no alternatives but submissive suffering or flight to some land less unfavorable to them. Removal under such conditions is not and can-not be the healthy, intelligent emigration of a free and self-reliant being. It must be, in most cases, the mere transplantation of an artifi-cially produced diseased growth to a new place. Granting that, in better and more healthful surroundings, the morbid conditions will eventually change for good, such emigration is necessarily for a time a burden to the com-munity upon which the fugitives may be cast. Ł The teachings of history and the experience of our own nation show that the Jews possess in a high degree the mental and moral qualifi-cations of conscientious citizenhood. No class of immigrants is more welcome to our shores, when coming equipped in mind and body for entrance upon the struggle for bread, and in-spired with the high purpose to give the best service of heart and brain to the land they adopt of their own free will. But when they come as outcasts, made doubly paupers by physical and moral oppression in their native land, and thrown upon the long-suffering gen-erosity of a more favored community, their migration lacks the essential conditions which make alien immigration either acceptable or beneficial. So well is this appreciated on the Continent that even in the countries where anti-Semitism has no foothold it is difficult for these fleeing Jews to obtain any lodgment. America is their only goal. The United States offers asylum to the op-pressed of all lands. But its sympathy with them in no wise impairs its just liberty and right to weigh the acts of the oppressor in the light of their effects upon this country and to judge accordingly. Whether consciously and of purpose or not, these helpless people, bur-dened and spurned by their native land, are forced by the sovereign power of Rumania upon the charity of the United States. This Government cannot be a tacit party to such an international wrong. This protest was immediately seconded by England, but the other powers have 