EDITORIAL 277 der the archbishopric of Manila, the cen-ter around which the Philippine Catholic hierarchy will gather," and that " it is understood at the Vatican that the two Americans proposed are persona grata both at Washington and with Governor Taft." A good illustration of the indefinite-ness of Sunday legislation, and of the fact that its enforcement calls for the assumption and exercise of unwarranted powers by the officials undertaking to enforce it, is afforded by what is reported elsewhere from Jacksonville, Fla. In a given case the sheriff could not determine whether or not there was a violation of the law. He had to go to an attorney, and then to the governor of the State. But evidently the governor did not clear up the matter for him, and so he had to return to his attorney to " ascertain my [his] duty." And now, not on his own judgment, but on the strength of the opin-ion of an attorney, he proposes to treat as " unlawful " assemblages of citizens and to arrest persons without warrants for doing what may or may not be a violation of law, what he himself does not know to be a violation of law, what, in fact, his common sense tells him is as much in har-mony with the law as many other things that are held to be in harmony with it. 4. An organization of the clergymen of Wood County, Ohio, " to prevent the game of baseball being played in the county on Sunday during the coming season," was effected at a meeting held in the parlors of the Methodist church in Bowling Green on March 26. Each of the ministers present expressed his disapproval of the indulgence in the game on Sunday, and pledged himself to do all within his power to stop it in Wood County. They all, however, expressed their approval of base-ball and other athletic sports if properly con-ducted and indulged in on other days than the Sabbath, and said they would do all within  their power to support the game if thus con-ducted. Then when these clergymen cause the arrest and prosecution of Sunday ball players during the coming season it will be for doing nothing else than what the ministers themselves would heartily approve of if " indulged in on other days than the Sabbath." This makes quite clear what sort of an offense it is that these clergymen propose to employ the law in preventing. " To harmonize with the religious sen-timent now pervading our city, and in order to give ourselves an opportunity to attend divine service "Šthis was the way in which certain butchers of Shelby-ville, Ill., recently expressed their reason for inaugurating the Sunday closing of their shops. Religion cannot be sep-arated from the matter of Sunday clos-ing, and it seldom fails to stand out prominently unless efforts are made to hide it. 4 A petition " praying for the strict en-forcement of all Sunday laws," and containing "several hundred signatures," was presented to the mayor of Stam-ford, Conn., on March 27 by a delega-tion from the local W. C. T. U. The mayor told the ladies that he would like to please them in the matter, but that. public sentiment would not uphold him in a policy of " strict enforcement of the Sunday laws." Ł It is necessary to postpone for a few weeks yet the publication of the matter that we expected to present in this num-ber on the subject of religion in the public schools, or public support of religious teaching. Through unavoidable causes we have also been delayed in presenting some other matter that was announced a few weeks ago. It will appear in the next issue. 