24 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY they believed it their duty to say. What appealed to me especially was that these prosecutions seemed to be aimed particularly against the smaller and poorer class of business men." Timothy Dorney, of 1225 Vienna Street, another juryman, said: "We believe we were justified in the stand we took." J. C. Meyer, when seen at his home, 924 Lehigh Avenue, said: "Dr. Mutch-ler 's opinion is of no more value than that of any other citizen. The action of the grand jury was taken after proper consideration. It was in de-fense of the persecuted small store-keepers. If the blue-law society would prosecute the large dealers, there would be no need for such action as taken by the grand jury." Rudolph Luthy, of 2451 North Corlies Street, said : " It doesn't matter what Dr. Mutchler may say on the subject, the people of this city know that the small storekeepers have been discrimi-nated against by the agents of the blue-law association. While discussing the subject yesterday' a case was stated before the grand jury in which the pro-prietor of a large cigar store had been permitted to go 'scot free,' while a poor neighbor had been fined several times for violating the blue laws." At a public meeting on December 11, Mr. H. S. Cohen, who was secretary of the November grand jury, declared : "Facts were brought before us, and, after careful consideration, we were unanimous in our action. The jury was made up, I believe, of a representative body of Philadelphia citizens, and the charge that it was controlled by one man in this matter is not true." The thing of course which moved the grand jury to its action was the glaring and outrageous discrimination which has been so conspicuous a feature of this Sunday-enforcement crusade carried on by the Philadelphia "Sabbath" Asso-ciation. And discrimination and par-tiality is not peculiar to the Philadel-phia Sunday-law crusade. It marks all Sunday-law enforcement in these days. Other Champions of "Law and Its Enforcement" Denounce the Action of the Lawful Agents of the Law and Its Enforcement The denouncement of the action of the grand jury did not end with Mr. Mutchler's utterance. On Decem-ber 7 the Methodist Preachers' Meet- ing of the city, "after an address by Rev. Dr. T. T. Mutchler, in which he told the ministers that the foreman of the grand jury was a cigar dealer," adopted the following, which was pre-pared by a committee of three clergy-men: The Methodist Episcopal Preachers' Meeting has heard with surprise and deep regret of the action of the No-vember grand jury, condemning the en-forcement of the Sunday law, which has been carried on by a candy and ci-gar Sunday-closing committee, repre-senting large numbers of these dealers. The fact that the foreman himself is a cigar dealer, but not in sympathy with the great majority of his fellow dealers who desire Sunday closing, largely ex-plains this resolution. We regard it as the duty of the grand jury at all times to stand for a strict enforcement of all laws, and it is anarchistic and demoralizing to a community for this jury, which should be representative of the best American citizenship, and in a court of justice, to encourage lawless-ness. We believe in the American Sab-bath, and heartily commend the work of the association and its efforts to en-courage and assist these dealers in their Sunday-closing movement. So in the opinion of the Methodist clergymen of Philadelphia the action of the grand jury was "anarchistic and demoralizing " and an encouragement to "lawlessness." The Sunday-enforce-ment clergyman is so constituted that always in his opinion anything that is in opposition to 'his anarchistic, demor-alizing and lawless desire and deter-mination to compel and coerce people to observe the pagan and papal institu- ' tion to which he pays, and would have 