EDITORIAL  701 current importance will be given the attention they deserve later.  In addi- tion to the announcement elsewhere there will appear in the November SENTINEL a consideration of some late utterances of Senator Hoar, of Massachusetts, in favor of Sunday legislation. We expect also to present an article regarding the mat-ter of child labor or slavery that is just now attracting considerable attention and causing just protest. There will be other interesting matter, and the November number will cover the field of current things in the line to which the magazine is devoted much more thoroughly than is the case in this number. A Rumor that Deserves Attention A recent dispatch from Rome relative to the "creation of another American car-dinal," to which end efforts have been made by high Roman Catholic dignitaries in this country for the past fifteen years, presents again an idea which has been re-iterated in the press a number of times in the last few years. It is that the Government of the United States, par-ticularly as represented in its chief ex-ecutive officer, has an interest, influence and preference in this matter; that it de-sires this squabble among the "sons of the Church" to eventuate in the triumph of Archbishop Ireland, and that it is will-ing to exert an influence, which it is as-sumed to have in the matter, with the Pope to that end. The statement now is that "if after a satisfactory solution of the Philippine question President Roose-velt asks the Pope to recompense Arch-bishop Ireland for his services in the af-fair [by making him a cardinal], the Pontiff will then consider the matter." Now it seems to us that this reiterated idea is of sufficient importance to re-ceive attention from all Americans who are not utterly indifferent to and regard-less of the welfare of their country for the future and of what has been its chief glory in the past. It seems to us that the utterly un-American and revolutionary assumption coolly embodied in this idea is sufficient to arouse even the indifferent, and to lead them to inquire as to when Archbishop Ireland entered the service of the Government of the United States, as to what governmental service it is for which he is to be recompensed at the re-quest of the President of the United States, and as to when and how the Gov-ernment of the United States became so influential in the councils of the Catholic Church that its influence counts in the "creation" of cardinals, and that it can dispense the "red hat" in reward for services rendered ? In short, when and how did it come about that the Roman Catholic Church and the Government of the United States are so closely allied and interrelated that a Roman Catholic prel-ate can be in the service of the Govern-ment of the United States by virtue of his being a Roman Catholic prelate, and that the President of the United States can be a director in the administration of the Roman Catholic Church by virtue of his being President of the United States ? This much and no less is involved in the idea to which we have called attention. It may be that this idea is an inven-tion of newspaper correspondents and has no foundation but newspaper gossip. If such is the cage, some way should be found to let correspondents and newspa-pers know that there is absolutely no ex-cuse for the propagation of such a notion in this country, and that it should be scorned by all who have any true patriot-ism whatever. It may be that the Gov-ernment has done nothing to warrant such an idea. If not, it should not hesi-tate to let it be known in unmistakable terms. The reiterated attribution to the 