400 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. . ._ ,E4  -0, TINEL-4 , Ł H Lc lic  , itt 1 f cmg man hear ray root* and believe not !judge him norŠAwe *nu CHICAGO, JUNE 28, 1900. Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Is Your Subscription about to Expire? A good many subscriptions to The Sentinel of Liberty expire this month. You can tell by looking at the little yellow label on the paper if yours is among the number. If so, please to send in your renewal at once. By so doing you will avoid missing any number of the paper and will save us the trouble of cutting off your name and then restoring it again a week or two later. We need your help, and you need the Sentinel. Extra Papers. We have a limited number of papers left over each week, which we would be glad to supply in lots of twenty-five or more to one address, at one cent per copy. Since our previous announcement concerning these back numbers, we have received a good many orders. The issues of May 10 and June 7 are nearly exhausted. Orders for these will be filled, however, as long as the papers on hand last. We have a larger supply of other numbers. There are thousands of people everywhere who need these papers, and yet the supply is limited to hundreds. "A Christian Sabbath cannot long be maintained if the protecting fence of civil laws be thrown down." So says a prominent W. C. T. U. worker connected with the "Sabbath Observance" department of that organization. A weaker statement could hardly have been ut-tered, as any unbiased person who knows aught of his-tory and of revelation must admit. "If it be of God ye cannot overthrow it," is testimony that applies to the Sabbath institution, and should settle the ques-tion of its perpetuity with any person or organization taking the Christian name. What civil law in defense of the Sabbath was in, ex-istence during the time of Christ and his apostles, and for scores of years and even centuries afterwards? The Christian Sabbath existed then as it does now, but without any "protecting fence" of civil enactments  whatever. And the Christian religion though opposed instead of protected by the civil laws, spread and tri-umphed, and the Christian Sabbath became more and more widely observed, until the church, intoxicated with pride and the love of power, made an alliance with the state, and substituted a false religion in the place of the true worship. To say that that which is Christian cannot be main-tained without the protection of civil law, is to say that divinity needs the support and protection of humanity, which is just the reverse of the truth. A Sabbath which needs a protecting fence of human power and wisdom for its preservation cannot be the Sabbath of the Lord. B. A. Abbott well says in an article in the Chris-tian Century : "Tlie right of liberty is inalienable. No man has a right to sell any part of his body. Any philosophy that proceeds on such a principle will sooner or later bring its professors to grief. Labor has no rights ; capital has no rights. Rights belong, to men. Laws should be made for the sake of manhood and not for the sake of business." This is the keynote of the whole question of human rights. "Ill fares the land, to hastening ills a prey Where wealth accumulates and men decay; Princes and lords may flourish or may fade ; A breath can make them as a breath has made, But a bold peasantry, their country's pride, When once destroyed, can never be supplied." The question of rights is not one to be settled by majorities. No majority, however large, has any legit- imate power to deprive the minority of any natural right. No man can answer for another at the bar of God ; therefore no man ought to assume to be conscience for another. Civil government has done its whole duty when it has secured the ends of civil justice. It has nothing to do with preparing anybody for a future life. Religious Liberty Literature for Germans. Do you want to assist in distributing some good religious liberty literature among your German friends? If so order at least a few copies of the special number of the Christlicher Hausfreund, of Battle Creek, Mich. The regular price of this paper is five cents per copy, but this special number can be secured at $2 per hundred. You can find nothing better for those Germans who prefer to read their own lan-guage. 