SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  723 above described premises, and from advertis-ing any such game, or inviting the public to at-tend or assemble at any such time and at.said place. And this injunction you will observe under the penalty of the law until the further order of this court. One of the persons enjoined here was the manager of the local ball team and the other two were the lessees of the Lu-verne driving park, where the ball grounds were located. In his complaint Mr. Jaycox alleged to the court that he resided on land adjacent to the ball grounds in the driving park; that Mr. Brownell "is the proprietor and manager of certain companies of men organized for playing baseball," and that "during the last two months, with the consent of his co-defendants, the lessees of the grounds, he has conducted games of baseball on various Sabbath days on the grounds described in this complaint ;" that "during said time large numbers of persons have been in the habit of as-sembling to witness said games of ball," and that while so assembled "they have engaged in loud, boisterous and disor-derly conduct, creating great noises and disturbances within the hearing of the plaintiff and his family at their place of residence, thereby disturbing their quiet and repose. and interfering with their rest on the Sabbath, causing the plaintiff and his family great annoyance and dis-turbance, to the plaintiff's damage in the sum of $1oo ; that by reason of said noises and confusion so created said games became and were a public nui-sance, and if continued will greatly di-minish the value of the plaintiff's dwell-ing," etc., etc. The persons enjoined re-plied at length to the allegations of the complainant, among other things deny-ing "specifically that the premises of the said Abraham Jaycox are adjacent to the grounds on which games of baseball  have been played on Sundays," and al-leging that "there is a quarter section of land lying between, and that it is almost three-fourths of a mile in a direct line, and more than half a mile, from the dwelling of the said Abraham Jaycox, and that it is physically impossible for the plaintiff to be damaged, in any way whatever, by the ball games complained of; that the ball grounds are one-quarter of a mile from the main traveled road ; that they are surrounded on all sides by trees and hedges, and are in one of the most secluded places in the township of Luverne." The injunction was dissolved after about four weeks time. It is said that the object of the injunction was not so much to abate a nuisance as to raise a case that would cause "the validity of the law in relation to Sunday baseball games" to be passed upon, and in that way to give a new impetus to the en-'orcement of the Sunday law. But so it the plan has not worked very well, fo by a ruse on the part of the owners of the ball grounds and the ball players the games proceeded during the time that the injunction was in effect, and un-less this causes the matter to be brought into court again, very little will have been accomplished in the interests of Sunday enforcement. ¥:* The Coach Drivers' Union, of Trenton, N. J., has now placed Sunday weddings and christenings under the ban with Sun-day funerals, and will not drive on Sun-days for any of these functions. The un-dertakers, liverymen and ministers of Waterloo, Iowa, have also declared against Sunday funerals, and will act in combination to abolish them. "The liv-erymen do it from a mercenary stand-point, and the undertakers and ministers from the standpoint of needed rest." 