REST FROM LABORŠSHOULD IT BE COERCED? 153 poses.* Just so much right they have and nothing more to suspend labor or recreation on any day in the year; and just such means they ought to pursue " in respect of the sabbath days," for no ten-able argument can be urged in favor of the right to use coercion in the latter which could not with equal justice be applied to the other measure. Legislative Authority in the Matter Limited to Preventing Aggression upon Just and Equal Rights The only right the legislature has to interdict labor or recreation is implied, or derived by inference drawn from the primary object contemplated to be at-tained by the institution of civil govern-mentŠthat is, to prevent its constituents from doing injury to each other. And although the legislature has no right to suppress useful industry and recreation when performed without injury to others or without disturbing them in the exer-cise of their equal rights, they have the right coercively to regulate and to inter-dict labor and recreation when performed in such manner as to do an injury to others by actually disturbing them in the exercise and enjoyment of any of their just and equal rights. Beyond this they have no righteous or legitimate, expressed  or implied, authority to proceed. With the qualification just mentioned, they have no more right to prevent their con-stituents from laboring " each day for their daily bread," than they have to in-terdict by law their eating it when earned and obtained, and thus forcing them to keep a day of fasting. In the former as in the latter case, and as in the instance of a thanksgiving day, the utmost limit of their right or legitimate power is to recommend; and that right they possess only in common with any or every other body of men, and each individual person in the community ; and, without meaning to be assuming or disrespectful to any one, were I to exercise my equal right to recommend, I would recommend to the legislative authorities of the State more care and caution to confine themselves to the only objects of their trust and authorityŠthe management of the polit-ical and not the religious concerns of their constituents. I would recommend to them when elected to defend the equal rights of all, and " to guard against acts of spiritual oppression and intolerance," that they do not so exercise their author-ity as to divest any portion of those who gave it to them of the rights they were delegated to protect. It is argued that unless all places of business are closed on Sunday, " com-petition would strongly constrain mer- * The main idea of the argument at this point, namely, that a legislature has no more rightful authority with respect to the observ-ance of a Sabbath day than it has with respect to the observance of thankgiving and fast days, is correct, but it is seriously to be questioned whether an American legislature has any right-ful authority even to recommend such ob-servances. This writer strikes the truth of the matter when he says further on that the legislature has such right " only in common with any or every other body of men and each individual person in the community." This is about equivalent to saying that this "right" chants to keep open " their stores. This is an old threadbare argument, and one born of jealousy. It is the argument of men who imagine that they are compelled is not a legislative right, and that is correct. As legislators the members of the legislature can properly have nothing to do with the ob-servance of religious days, even to the extent of recommending it. And, besides, to say that the legislature has only the power to recom-mend, is about equivalent to saying that it has no power in the matter at all, for " the which government invades it domi-nates," and that thing with regard to which a legislature cannot exert its pciwer as a legislature is a thing with regard to which it has no powerŁ nor authority at all:ŠEnrroa... 