SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  589 swooped down on the party, and the game was called off." It is announced that " there will be no more baseball at Sunset Beach on Sunday hereafter." At Pensacola, Fla., on August 22 " the Sunday League sent letters to the sheriff and mayor demanding a rigid enforce-ment of the Sabbath observance laws which had become gradually relaxed since the temporary enforcement a few months ago." The mayor " replied that the laws were State statutes and that he had no authority for their enforcement," arid the sheriff " refused to do anything in the matter unless those who called for the enforcement of the laws would swear out warrants for the arrest of the offenders." A Sunday-closing agreement among the union butchers of St. Louis, Mo., was to go into effect on September 6, and it was expected that it would bring about or"   " a fight to the finish between the union and non-union butchers." Although the union butchers constitute less than 5o per cent. of the whole they seem to regard 'their agreement as mandatory upon the whole trade, and have begun a " fight to compel the non-union men to close Sun-day." For one thing they " are seeking to enlist the union teamsters for packing houses and produce dealers in the fight, by having them refuse to deliver goods to those who do not close." - " Plans for conducting a systematic campaign against Sunday law breaking " were to be formulated at a " citizens' meeting " in the parlors of the First Meth-odist Church of Kankakee, Ill., on the evening of August 25. The meeting was called by the pastor of the church, who, together with the pastor of the First Pres-byterian Church, had preached on " Sun-day Desecration " on the preceding Sun-day. The movement apptars to be due to  the sale of liquor on Sunday, and its cler-ical leader announces that " strong meas-ures will be resorted to unless the proper officers see that the laws regarding Sun-day closing of saloons are enforced." The journeymen and boss barbers' as-sociations of Council Bluffs, Iowa, have, through arbitration, settled the Sunday-closing controversy that has been on for some time. The matter was submitted by both parties to Mr. Frank Levin, a business man, as arbitrator, who " decided in favor of the barber shops being opened on Sunday mornings until z i o'clock, and that they close Saturday nights at 9.30 o'clock, and that the barbers have a half holiday each week in return for working Sunday mornings." It is said that both parties are well satisfied with this ar-rangement, and have agreed that it shall remain in force for three years. Now, woe unto those barbers who venture to open after II o'clock on Sunday. A recent issue of the Saturday Review, Phoenix, Ariz., contained this informa-tion : All territories are under the immediate su-pervision of Congress and amenable to its laws. On the statute books of the Federal government is a Sunday-closing law that is said to be applicable to all the territories and that will soon be enforced. In Alaska the United States marshal has been instructed to close all saloons and business houses on Sun-day, and the same order is to be given in Oklahoma, New Mexico and Arizona. In Juneau several saloon-keepers have already been arrested for keeping their business places open on the Sabbath. A few years ago Arizona had a Sunday law that applied to incorporated cities, but it was not observed to any extent. We have never before heard of a Fed-eral Sunday-closing statute. It seems that the Arizona Sunday law referred to was enacted at an extra session of the legislature which was afterwards declared illegal by the courts, thus invalidating the legislation enacted during the session. 