EDITORIAL 181 terizing the Pope's life work," dwelt chiefly upon the influence he had exerted over governments, and made " an elo-quent plea for the restoration of the tem-poral power." The Catholic Standard and Times headed its editorial of eulogy " The Disinherited Monarch," and de-clared with reference to the Pope : " Stripped as he is of all the appanages of his monarchical dignity, he is still the greatest ruler on this globe." O This issue of THE SENTINEL is some-what of a supplement to the last in the character of its matter, though it does not by any means contain all that should be presented in such a supplement just now. There are many points of current interest, and some of more than current interest, pertinent to the matter of the character, aims, and growing power of the Papacy, that are not mentioned. They will be mentioned in succeeding numbers as we have opportunity, though the matter of Sunday legislation and enforcement will have to be given the preference for a time. But soon one issue will be devoted almost entirely to a matter in which the Papacy in this country is making her most persistent and determined assault on the principle and practise of church-and-state separation, and in which she has, or will soon have, strong outside supportŠthe matter of religion in the public schools, or of public support of religious teaching. And one of the most important lines along which the Papacy is now working will be treated upon in the articles that will now appear from week to week under the heading, " The Supremacy of the Papacy." No one should neglect these articles. What the Papacy has gained, and has tried to gain, for herself in her relationship with the Government over affairs in the Philip-pines, will be clearly pointed out. We think the readers of THE SENTINEL will have reason to greatly appreciate the  paper for a while now because of these articles. The report of the hearing be-fore a committee of the Massachusetts legislature on March 4, which we had expected to print in this number, will be presented either next week or the week following. It will be good when it does appear. O THE dominant and the significant note in all that has been said and writ-ten by both Protestants and Catholics in connection with the celebrations mark-ing the twenty-fifth year of the " reign " of Leo XIII. is the growth and increase in and over the nations of the " spiritual" power and influence of the Papacy during his pontificateŠthe great change which the " tact and diplomacy," the " patient statesmanship," of Leo has brbught about in the standing of the Papacy as respects the nations of the world from what it was in the days of Pius IX.; and in-deed, as one writer says, from what it has been at any time since the Reforma-tion. The Providence (R. I.) Journal of Feb. 26 spoke of " the affectionate rev-erence in which Leo XIII. is held through-out the world, and not alone by those of his own communion," and declared that "the acclamations which have greeted Leo XIII. on his ' silver jubilee' are testimonies to the overwhelming strength of his spiritual supremacy," and that " his sway in this respect is immeasur-ably greater than was that of the canon-ized Gregories." A writer in the New York Evening Post, after describing one of the " splendid " and " impressive cere-monials " of the " jubilee," made these significant observations : One might remember and describe all this as mere pageantry, and still find it worth while. But it has a far deeper significance, and the Church celebrates her own triumph in honoring the great personality under whose guidance that triumph has become so con-spicuously manifest. For it is not too much to say that these twenty-five years have been 