464 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. because it is wrong, but because the law against it is violated in a heterodoxical way. It is only those who acknowledge the binding character of the orthodox Sunday who are permitted to infringe upon it with impunity. It is by having absolute faith in the sanctity of the first day Sabbath that true believers can secure immunity when guilty of its infraction." There is altogether too much truth in this state-ment. It is not so much the fact that work is done on Sunday that hurts, as it is the fact that when done  by observers of the seventh day, it is in the nature of 110-Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty withoutŁ a denial of the sacredness of the day. Not that it is having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. that they will be asked to pay for it. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears  is necessarily so in the very nature of the case. It so intended, for Sabbatarians work on Sunday just as naturally as Sunday-keepers work on Monday, but it cannot be otherwise. 44 .0F t,  , . ' i_   1)Š  41. .7mwmonbearmg artedsandllissenotljelphiramrŠJŁupeadat CHICAGO, JULY 26, 1900. It is as true in the. life of a nation as in that of an individual, that one wrong step leads .to another. The nation, no more than the individual, can count upon or foresee the influences by which it will be led along the inviting pathway of error into which it has been tempted ; it cannot foresee the unexpected circum-stances which will arise and compel the setting aside of its original intentions one after the other. The downward pathway is "paved with good intentions," which are abandoned continually under the influence of a power that leads the individual on and on, to an end he did not foresee or dream of at the start. And thus of a nation : A republic never professes an inten-tion of changing into an empire, or even holds such an intention at the start ; but while its professions and intentions may be perfectly sincere, it finds itself moved by "destiny" in a course altogether at variance with them. We must judge from the nature of the step itself, rather than from the professions made in taking it, what the results will be that will follow. Among the restrictions placed upon the legislature of the Territory of Hawaii is this : "Nor shall any public money be appropriated for the support or ben-efit of any sectarian, denominational, or private school, or any school not under the exclusive control of the government." It remains to be seen how this will be evaded. It seems plain, but it is no more so than are constitutional provisions that many people demand shall be overridden in the interests of governmental religion. In commenting upon the fact that observers of the seventh day are not infrequently singled out for prose-cution for Sunday work, while others are not molested, a Cincinnati paper says : "Macaulay says that bear-baiting was interdicted by the Puritans, not because it was cruel to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the people. In the same way Sunday labor is prohibited, not so much So grave a situation as the Chinese embroglio has not confronted civilization since the fall of Constanti-nople and the Turkish invasion of Europe. The pop-ulation of the Chinese empire is not definitely known, but is variously estimated at from 380,000,000 to 400,-000,000, with a territorial area of 4,200,000 square miles. The leading nations of the earth, the United States, Great Britain (not including India), Austria, Fiance, Germany, Japan, and Russia, exceed the highest esti-mate of the population of China by only 15,000,000. This excess of population would be overcome many-fold, other things being equal, by the fact that in case any or all of the great powers declare war against China, the Chinese would fight in their own territory and close to their base of supplies, while the allied powers would be compelled to transport both men and supplies thousands of miles, mostly by water. But other things are not equal, so that the result of a war wherein the world would be arrayed against China cannot be considered doubtful. But, the Chronicle of this city remarks, "the time of peril [to civilization] is not now, nor is the danger from the Mongolians. The menace to the peace of the world will be felt 'when China shall have been con-queredŠwhen the division of the spoils begins. There are already signs of a 'flocking together' among the powers. The line of cleavage is partly visible." Then follows the statement that from present indi-cations it seems likely that Russia, France, and Ger-many would stand together ; while common interest would naturally place England, the United States, and Japan on the other side. "If these contending forces should come to blows," says the Chronicle, "there would indeed be a Titanic struggle." The Sunday law of Massachusetts has been amended so as to allow the sale of cigars on Sunday, though not the opening of tobacco shops. 