EDITORIAL 773 is that before the constantly-exerted pres-sure upon him by the command of the state that he "observe the Christian Sab-bath," of which his "Christian" fellow-citizens refuse to relieve him, his con-science is yielding, and the great institu-tion of his religion that his fathers have observed clear back to the days of Moses and Abraham is being relinquished and forsaken. It requires nothing more to exhibit the shameful thing that is here all too appar-ent. Even that peculiar and common blindness by which men fail to see the evil and wrong that is near at hand and with which they themselves are connect-ed, while perceiving clearly the evil and wrong that is distant and with which others are connected, is hardly sufficient to hide the fact from any American that in this thing to which we have called at-tention the Jew is dealt with exactly as he is dealt with in Rumania. His "op-portunity to win a livelihood" is con-stricted and denied by at least one public act which attacks "the inherent right of man as a bread-winner" as certainly as do the public acts of Rumania which have brought forth the just protest of the American Secretary of State. And this restriction is due to "the difference of religious creeds and confessions." It has no warrant nor basis in the needs of civil order and public welfare, but is wholly religious. It exists in America as in other countries because "the Christian na-tions' of the globe" have arbitrarily taken it upon themselves, "by authority of the New Testament Scriptures," to enforce "by statutory enactments" the observance of "the Christian Sabbath." Is it said that Sunday laws are not de-signed to oppress Jews, and do not espe- cially apply to them ? The Rumanians say that their oppressive legislation is not designed to oppress Jews, and that it does not especially apply to them, and in most  instances their contention is just as well grounded as can be any with reference to Sunday legislation. We have said that by Sunday legisla-tion the Jew is compelled to choose be-tween two alternatives, one of which is to violate his conscience by disregarding the Sabbath. But in so far as showing deference to and observing a religious in-stitution in which he has no belief, and which, to him, is not only an institution of a religion that is especially offensive to him, but is one of the most important, and in practical affairs the most important, thing in which the rivalry of that religion to his own is shownŠwe say, that in so far as such a thing can be a violation of conscience the Jew is left no choice what-ever. He is simply compelled to violate his conscience. Note another point : "The seventh day is an exceedingly busy day in the world of commerce" and "in the marts of trade." The Sabbath-observing Jew, in obedience to his religion, in obedience to the Decalogue, ceases all secular employ-ment on the day which in the lines of business in which he usually engages is the busiest day of the week. Thus, for the sake of his religion, his conscien-tious convictions, he suffers what is un-doubtedly quite a handicap in business and in earning a livelihood. And then, after having lost the best day in the week for trade and business, which would seem to give him a special right to ply his call-ing on all other days of the week, he is compelled by law "to desist from secular employments of all kinds" on another day of the week, for no other reason than that the more numerous adherents of another system of religion insist that the day which they regard as holy shall be en-forced upon all. The injustice of the thing is too obvious for argument, and on this one point there is no greater in-justice done to the Jew in Rumania. 