708  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY interests of civil order ! But, as of old, there are Gallios and officials like the town-clerk of Ephesus who know what legal authority is for, and who refuse to try and condemn men whose only of-fense is a failure to agree with the prevail-ing opinion in "a question of words and names" and of religious practise. So in Turkey it is frequently the case that when Seventh-Day Adventists¥ are ar-rested at the instigation of religious enemies they are treated with courtesy and quickly released when brought be-fore the higher police officials. And, as of old, in some cases these officials are interested to learn just what it is that meets with such bitter opposition, and in a number of instances have listened eager-ly as these humble and persecuted men have told them the truths for which they were willing to suffer so much. In Tur-key it is required by law that every re-ligious organization shall be "author-ized" by the government before it can carry on operations, and public meetings are not allowed by the adherents of any religious body that is not so recognized. Through the influence, chiefly, it must be confessed to their shame, of the repre-sentatives of the leading Protestant re-ligious bodies carrying on missionary op-erations in Turkey, the Seventh-Day Ad-ventists have been unable to secure such authorization from the government, and in consequence are greatly handicapped in their work and constantly subject to petty persecutions of the sort set forth in the article to which we have referred. "The coming St. Louis Exposition in 1904 will distinguish itself by the observ-ance of our legal rest day," says the Presbyterian Banner, of Pittsburg, Pa., in rejoicing over the apparent certainty of the Sunday closing of the exposition. A St. Louis newspaper announces to the world that while the exposition will be  closed on Sundays, the summer beer gar-dens in the city will be wide open, and sa-tirically congratulates the "Sabbathites" on their success in making certain swol-len attendance and large profits for the beer gardens. "But iron-clad bigotry is insensible alike to reason and sarcasm," remarks another paper. It is not at all unlikely that a strict carrying through of the plan of those who have dictated the Sunday closing of this exposition will be a thorough and practical demonstration of the real worth of their contentions. While they may be relied upon to ignore entirely the evil results of the character indicated above that will follow from the Sunday closing of the exposition, there will probably be one thing, though not necessarily having any special connection with the Sunday closing, that they will not be able to evade, since they have de-lighted to give it such prominence in con-nection with the two large expositions that have preceded this one. It is not at all improbable that the St. Louis Ex-position, after having observed the "Sab-bath" all the way through, will be behind financially in the end. Those who have so glibly accounted for the deficits o? the Chicago and Buffalo expositions on the ground that they could not prosper be-cause they had "profaned the Sabbath," will necessarily need a different argument about that time. It would be well for them to begin to think about this now, for it will not be easy to formulate a consist-ent explanation at the last moment. By the way, we have heard no boasts from the "friends of the Sabbath" over the won-derful financial success of the Charleston Exposition, which was closed on Sun-days. They should not be so modest as to ignore so conspicuous a proof of the correctness of their claims and theories. But perhaps the Charleston Exposition was hardly a fair test of the wonderful financial benefits of Sunday closing, since 