The Great Subject of Sunday Legislation [Preface to the new and revised edition of Dr. A. H. Lewis's work on "Sunday Legislation." For notice concerning this book see page 261]. IN view of the immediate attention di-rected toward Sunday legislation in the State and city of New York, and its increasing and pressing importance in other States where new legislation is be- ing considered or is in progress, and in response to a demand frequently ex-pressed, this volume has been revised and brought down to the current year. * * * * * The acute and widespread interest in the situation in New York is justified by the gravity of that situation. The late municipal election in that city turned upon the question of Sunday legislation and its relation to the liquor traffic. The widely divergent opinions of those who must meet the issues forced to the front by the present situation indicate the need of a study of the whole question of Sunday legislation such as has not been made by the American people nor by their legislators. This book furnishes ample and accurate material for such .study. The purity of municipal government in the United States is a potent factor in national politics and destiny. New York City determines the political status of the Empire State in a large degree. Sunday legislation is now a determining factor in the politics of the city. The reform party in power came in on that issue, and coming elections will turn around the same issue. It will be possible for the State of New York to decide the next na-tional election; hence the question of Sunday legislation in the immediate fu-ture may determine who shall be the next President of the United States. With such possibilities in sight, the facts  spread over the following pages may well command attention and study. Sunday legislation, unsupported by a state church, has had no adequate test in history until within the last century in the United States. The organic unity of history and the relation between causes and effects must be recognized in consid-ering the present situation. That situa-tion has not come by accident. It has been evolved through the loss of religious regard for Sunday, cunipulsory idleness on Sunday, and a system of legislation which has made the liquor traffic a great commercial and political power, protect-ed and legalized on other days, but made criminal on Sunday. Sunday is the har-vest-day for the saloon and the brothel, in no small degree, through the causes just mentioned. The powerful liquor traffic will continue to fatten on Sunday by legal permission, or by purchased per-mission, through blackmail. Leisure de-manded by religious convictions is a blessing. Idleness enforced by law is a curse which fosters all the lower vices. These facts form the crux of the present situation touching Sunday legislation in New York and in the United States. Every man is bound to study such a sit-uation and the causes which have pro-duced it and which will continue it un-less new ground is taken. No intelligent consideration of the case, as it is now focalized in New York and as it exists in the country at large, can be made with-out a knowledge of the sources from which Sunday legislation has come and the results its evolution has produced. Hence the value of this book at this time. It must also be kept in mind that the 