370 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY be glad to read the last paragraph in the mayor's letter. The despicable practise of soliciting violations of the law seems to be a very prominent characteristic of Sunday enforcement. The two things go well together, however. Sunday en-forcement would end up with the Inqui-sition if its logic were pursued far enough, and the victims of the Inquisi-tion were convicted by being subjected to horrible tortures until they confessed their guilt. The man who goes about as a detective on Sunday seeking to entrap people into violation of the law may not be a Torquemada, but the difference is one only of degree and not of principle. And the idea that the religious liberty of the community requires a, Sunday law is of the same stuff as was the idea that the "religious liberty" of Spain re-quired.the Inquisition. It rests upon the assumption that a man is not protected in his religious liberty unless the re-ligious practises to which he holds are enforced upon the entire population, and in the New York Sunday law is equiva-lent to saying that every person in the State of New York who is not a Sunday observer is not protected in his religious liberty. We are glad that the principle has obtained some standing in this coun-try that the individual and not a class is to be protected in his religious liberty, and we hope that this principle may finally come to control throughout the length and breadth of the United States. This commendable action of Mayor Low's tends in that direction. The public schools in New York City were closed during "Holy Week." The Times says this was no evidence of any "plot to turn the schools into sectarian institutions, but merely of that love for a holiday, of avoiding work, which is so deeply implanted in every human heart." The Times may be right, but it is singu- lar that this deep-seated principle in the human heart should bring about the clos-ing of the schools at the very time of a religious festival or observance. To us it indicates a little too close connection be-tween the schools and church affairs. The Economic and Industrial Unrest If we judge by the number of persons interested and the depth of interest mani-fested, there is no more important ques-tion in the civilized world to-day than, "What has the future in store for society industrially and economically ?" So im-portant have these closely connected phases of society now become that they are commonly regarded, and not without strong reason, as embracing and deter-mining all other phases. The age of com-merce, of the making and the selling of things, and the accumulation of wealth, has arrived as perhaps never before in the world's history, and certainly nothing ap-proaching it has been seen since the days of Roman commerce and prosperity. The population of the world has greatly in-creased, and though there may be more persons becoming wealthy than ever be-fore, never have there been so many, nor anything like so many, who are depend-ent upon what they can earn in wages for a livelihood. What is now known as the dependent class of society has grown enormously with the increase of popula-tion. The condition of affairs has drawn the attention of men to the industrial and economic condition and constitution of society, and as a result the demand has arisen, and becomes greater all the time, for more and better economic security for the dependent classes than the pres-ent system affords. Many have become prophets and are predicting for the tu-ture a new society of perfect economic independence and freedom, when all the 