5D1  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY to set up republican institutions. If the evacuation of Boston has had any influ-ence over the fortunes of mankind, it is to be attributed to the fact that it hastened the day when the Declaration of Independence could be made with pro-priety and safety. It is to that Declara-tion that the eyes of the world have been  turned, and the influence which America has had in the dissemination of demo-cratic-republican ideas in Europe has been due entirely to the Declaration of Independence, and not to the evacuation of Boston in 1776, nor even to the other more attractive events of the war at Saratoga and Yorktown. ¥ The Sunday Question in Massachusetts By George B. Wheeler THE Sunday question has been to the front in the Massachusetts leg-islature, as it has been in other places throughout the country. The agitation has been caused by the introduction of several Sunday bills, all but one bills to modify the existing Sunday laws of the State. Interest in the matter has been intensified by the rigid enforcement of the laws in Boston and other places. Sev-eral bills were introduced to allow shoot-ing and fishing on the "Lord's day ;" two to allow barbers and bootblacks to do bus-iness until 1 P. M., and one to make a law effective that was passed several years ago forbidding entertainments of a secular character upon the "Lord's day." These were all defeated. A bill was also introduced to allow the sale of ice-cream, soda-water, and confection-ery by licensed innholders, common vic-tuallers, druggists, and newsdealers on the "Lord's day," which attracted much attention throughout the State. Great efforts were made both for and against the bill, which finally passed both branches of the Legislature by very large majorities, and was signed by the Governor after an amendment was made striking out the word newsdealers. The inconsistency of Sunday legisla- tion with the great American principles of equality and liberty was made strik-ingly manifest in the discussion on this bill and the enforcement of the Sunday law prohibiting the sale of ice-cream, soda-water and confectionery upon Sun-day. One editor says : The conviction of a Dorchester druggist, by the orders sent out from police headquarters and made possible by his undoubted guilt, of the flagrant crime of selling a pound of candy on the Lord's day, is one of the funniest per-formances ever enacted by the solemn repre-sentatives 'of the law's majesty, and if the po-lice were earnestly striving to make themselves ridiculous they could not have selected a more suitable subject for their comical antics. If they will now extend their disapprobation to all other forms of unlawful "desecration" of the Lord's day, they will render themselves quite superior, in point of laughter-compelling qualities, to any howling farce upon the boards. ÑDorchester Beacon. Another says : Sneak-thieves, burglars, knock-out artists, etc., are laying their plans for unusual doings to-morrow. It is not often that they get thor-ough and complete warning that the force of the city will be compelled to concentrate their attention on preventing little girls from buy-ing candy and soda-water. People of sense are beginning to ask with some asperity what is the use of this senseless prohibition, anyway? Why should the law of the Commonwealth give to the police authorities the power to impose 