crellaell CHEISTIQH L1153 E2TU VOL. XVII I NEW YORK, THURSDAY, MARCH 26, 1903 No. 13     The nation which tries to find " its perfection in Catholic Christianity " will be very apt to find its ruin instead. The Sunday law is well adapted for preparing people for the devil's service. It commands them to be idle ; he does the rest. O A law which interdicts both useful la-bor and innocent recreation and amuse-ment at the same time is not only an op-. pressive measure, but it is an utterly fool-ish one. The Papacy must indeed be a " great secret of blessedness " for the nations, for all that have ever tried to find bless-edness in her have invariably failed to find what they were seeking. It is as much the duty of government to see that no person is interfered with in exercising the right to labor as it is to see that no person is interfered with in exercising the right to rest. And this is a duty from which government is not absolved on the first day of the week. The pretense of social beneficence can-not always hide, though it may Ł often serve to disguise, the real character of the cause of the Sunday agitator. When brought to the test it is demonstrated that that which lies nearest his heart is not the promotion of the welfare of the " toiling masses," but solely the " protection " and " preservation " of a religious institution. The three-score years that have elapsed since they were written have strikingly demonstrated the wisdom of the observa-tions by Macaulay that were given on our first page last week. Since they were written the progress of knowledge has perhaps been as immense as it was from the time of Queen Elizabeth to the time in which Macaulay wrote ; and the growth and progress (in power and influence) of the Papacy has also been immense during this time. To-day, after all the immense progress in knowl-edge, the Papacy still remains, and she remains with such strength and vigor as even Macaulay himself could hardly have anticipated. When he wrote the members of the Roman Catholic communion were " certainly not fewer than a hundred and twenty millions " ; to-day we are told that the members of that communion are certainly not fewer than two hundred and fifty millions ! And this is by no means the only important item which bears out Macaulay's observations regarding the Papacy. The Christian Work and Evangelist says that " a bill is pending in the assem-bly at Albany for which there is no demand and which, therefore, should be set aside at the earliest moment." It describes the bill and comments thus : It legalizes Sunday golf and amateur base-ball and football games where no admission fee is charged. The bill leaves in the pro- 