568 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. accordance with their universal tenet of distinct in-telligences eminating from the primal Being. Thus Christ, who to the vulgar Jew was to be a temporal .king, to the Cabalist, or to the Chaldean, or to men of kindred opinions, became a Sephiroth, an Aeon, an emanation from the one Supreme. While the author of the religion was still on earth, and while the religion was still in its infancy, Jesus was in dan-ger of being degraded into a king of the Jews; his gospel of becoming the code of a new religious re-public. Directly it got beyond the borders of Pales-tine, and the name of Christ had acquired sanctity and veneration in the Eastern cities, he became a kind of metaphysical impersonation, while the reli- gion lost its purely moral cast, and assumed the character of a speculative theogany. . . . It was not till the second century that the combination of Orientalism with Christianity was matured into the more perfect Gnosticism. This was perhaps at its height from the year 12o to 140 A. D. In all the great cities of the East in which Christianity had established its most flourishing communities, sprang up this rival, which aspired to a still higher degree of knowledge than was revealed in the Gospels, and boasted that it soared almost as much above the vulgar Christianity as above the vulgar paganism." (Milman's Hist. Christ., vol. II, pp. 56, 61.) Gnosticism and Its Speculations. It is almost impossible in the space allotted to one of these papers to give any adequate conception of the many theories, and of the wonderfully imagi-native speculations of this Gnosticism, which took its name from its professing to restore the " gnosis " or the lost knowledge of the true God. As all mat-ter was innately malignant and evil, so God, who was good, was necessarily immaterial. It was not thinkable that such a god would form this material world, fer less that he would create malignant mat-ter itself. So some believed in the eternity of mat- ter, assigning to it not a creator, but an architect merely. Others believed in the Persian dualistic theory, that there was a malignant god, opposed to the god of spirits, and that he had created matter. As Jehovah, the God of the Jews, was the creator of this material world, so he could not be the Supreme God. The Supreme God had existed from eternity a being full of goodness and wisdom and of the other virtues, and of him no mortal could form a complete conception. He was a being who is the purest light, and he is diffused through the bound-less space to which they gave the Greek appellation of ",pleroma." This eternal being, after existing  alone in absolute repose for countless ages, pro-duced out of himself two spirits of different sexes, and both perfect resemblances of their parent. From the marriage of these two spirits, others of similar nature originated, and successive generations ensued, and thus in the process of time a celestial family was formed in the pleroma. This divine progeny, being immortal and unchangable in their nature, these philosophers called Aeons, a term which signified eternal and beyond the vicissitudes of time. G. E. FIFIELD. SEE special map offer till October I, pages 574 and 576. GROWTH OF EMPIRE, DECAY OF MEN. From the Chicago Chronicle. THE leading medical journals of Great Britain are printing with some reserve statistics accounting for the decay of the personnel of the army. Its failure of leadership along the highest line of command is matched by the inability of seasoned troops to endure prolonged marches and show fight-ing power after exhaustion. These two conditions place the British army of to-day in humiliating con-trast to the British armies of the past before the frontiers of empire had been firmly established or long maintained in tropical countries. Seasoned troops are now described as the feeblest element of the imperial forces. The reason is disclosed in the medical history of regiments taken with the reports of their assign-ments for garrison and protracted camp duty. Vice unchecked, and apparently inseparable from their physical and social environment, has accomplished more victories over the fighting power of Great Brit-ain than her semi-savage and conquered hordes. Africa alone is not the "white man's graveyard."' The British soldier has carried in his poisoned blood home from every quarter of the British empire out-side Europe a legacy whose curse the humaitarian science of England shudders at. As the boundaries of the British empire have been expanded its manhood has decayed. Official reports of American hospitals to which our sick soldiers have been numerously sent care-fully hold back for only official eyes a story whose shocking truth must ultimately become general.. War is not without inevitable consequences to make mankind halt before entering on it..  