SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 455 cently spent eighteen hours in balloting and debating on the question, and then failed to reach a decision and had to be discharged. The case was that of Gott-fried Graf, a grocer, who had been pros-ecuted by the retail grocers' and clerks' associations for keeping open on Sunday, and had appealed from the judgment of the lower court. A campaign has been started by the Retail Clerks' Union, of Omaha, Neb., "to have the grocery stores of the city closed on Sunday." It takes the form of the circulation of petitions at first. It seems that the Retail Grocers' Associa-tion has been "working on the same plan for several weeks," also. With the gro-cers and their clerks both in favor of Sun-day closing of stores it is difficult to see what more is necessary in order to secure Sunday closing. If they want to close, why do they not close? The playing of golf, polo, tennis and bridge whist on Sundays by the fashion-. able winter visitors at Aiken, S. C., a pop-ular winter resort, has stirred up the min-isters of the place. They have adopted resolutions "denouncing the Sabbath-breakers," and have appealed to the city council for ,strict enforcement of the Sunday law. The council has not shown any great alacrity in acting in the mat-ter, believing that it would be an injury to the town commercially by driving away the wealthy winter visitors. Senator Hand, of Cape May, N. J., re-cently introduced into the legislature of that State a bill to repeal those portions of the present Sunday law "which make unlawful printing and selling newspa-pers, selling milk, walking, riding, driVing-and bathing for recreation, hiring horses and wagons, and hiring or renting bath- ing suits on Sunday." All these things are now commonly done and many peo-ple would be surprised to know that they are illegal, but they are under the Sunday law as it has come down from the past. The action of the¨ legislature of Mani-toba, Canada, allowing the city of Win-nipeg to decide for itself with regard to running street-cars on Sunday, has stirred up several of the friends of Sun-day enforcement and they have sent to the local papers some long and vigorous communications of protest. The "physi-cal and moral welfare of a civilized peo- ple" is declared to be dependent upon "the civic day of rest," and it is consid-ered a terrible thing that so important a matter is allowed to be regulated by local authority. The barbers of Evansville, Ind., who close their shops on Sunday "are deter-mined that Sunday shaving shall stop, and say they will use every means within their power to accomplish their object." The city officials have refused to co-operate with them, saying that they will not enforce the Sunday closing law against one line of business while others are allowed to go on. And they "regard the matter as something out of their line, and think if a man wants to keep his place open on Sunday it is nobody's busi-ness but his own." These officials take a sensible view of the matter. At a recent annual meeting of the Wheaton (Ill.), Golf Club an effort was made to change that portion of the con-stitution forbidding Sunday playing. After quite a warm discussion the propo-sition was defeated by a vote of twenty-seven in favor and twenty-five against, it being necessary to have a two-thirds vote in order to amend the constitution. A 