THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY 109 While the council had been disposing of John, ambassadors from Gregory XII. had arrived. They were sent by Gregory " to resign the pontificate in his name, and all right and title to that . dignity." But they came not to the council: Pope Gregory XII. would not recognize the legitimacy of a council convened by Pope John XXIII. Therefore, these messen-gers were commissioned to the emperor, and were empowered to treat with him. They were directed to inform the em-peror that if he and the heads of the na-tions would allow the council to be con-voked anew by Pope Gregory XII., then Pope Gregory XII. would recognize it as lawful council, but not otherwise. To this the emperor and the heads of the na-tions agreed. Accordingly, at the fourteenth session, July 4, 1415, one of Gregory's nuncios took the chair, and from Gregory read two bulls : the one convoking the Council of Constance, and, when thus convoked, owning it as a lawful council: the other empowering this nuncio to act as Pope Gregory's proxy, and, in that character, to submit to the decisions of the council when lawfully convoked as Gregory's council. When the bulls had been thus read, the council was declared convoked in the name of Pope Gregory XII. Then the proxy announced to the council that.  Gregory XII. was ready to sacrifice his dignity to the peace of the Church, and to submit to their disposal of him as they should see. fit. Then the regular president of the coun-cil took the chair, and the emperor his throne. A third bull from Gregory was then read, giving his proxy full power to resign the papal dignity in his name. Then the renunciation of Gregory was made by the proxy in the following words : I. Charles Malatesta, vicar of Rimini, gov-ernor of Romagna for our most holy father in Christ Lord Pope, Gregory XII., and general  of the holy Roman Church, being authorized by the full power that has just now been read, and has been received by me from our said Lord Pope Gregory, compelled by no violence, but only animated with an ardent desire of procuring the peace and union of the Church, do, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, effectually and really renounce for my master Pope Gregory XII. the possession of, and all right and title to, the papacy, which he legally enjoys, and do actually resign it in the piesence of our Lord Jesus Christ, and of this general council, which represents the Roman Church and the Church Universal. This act of resignation of Pope Greg-ory XII. was received with thunderous applause by the council. The Te Deum was sung, and mighty commendations were bestowed upon Gregory. Then the council decreed that Benedict XIII. Łshould be required in like manner to re-sign within ten days after he received the notice of the council ; and that if he did not resign within that time, he should be declared " a notorious schismatic, and an obstinate and incorrigible heretic; and as such be deprived of all honor and dig-nity, and cast out of the Church." Ł The council next decreed that Gregory " should retain the dignity of cardinal-bishop so long as he lived ; that he should be first in rank after the pope, unless some alteration should be judged expe-dient, with respect to this article, upon the resignation of Peter de Luna ; and that he should be perpetual legate of the Marches of Ancona, and enjoy undis-turbed all the honors, privileges, and emoluments annexed to that dignity. The council granted him besides a full and unlimited absolution from all the ir-regularities he might have been guilty of during his pontificate, exempted him from giving an account of his past con-duct, or any part of it, to any person whatever, and forbade any to be raised to the pontificate till they had promised upon oath to observe this decree, not-withstanding all the canons, constitu- 