THE VATICAN NEGOTIATIONSŠSOME NOTEWORTHY OPINIONS 613 go they certainly will. No compromise is possible here. Then the Vatican wanted to discuss the question of sectarian instription in the public schools. Governor Taft properly declined to consider the matter. The fact is, the policy of this country up-on this subject is fixed, and involves the absolute secularization of the state. That policy stands ; it could not be departed from without a political revolution. Here again no possibility of any compromise is in evidence. Thirdly, the Vatican wishes to es-tablish diplomatic relations with this country. Our diplomatic relations are with the King of ItalyŠnot with the Pope or the Greek Metropolitan or any other head of a religious body. Congress would not allow the establishment of such relations, nor would the country; there is no possibility of any compromise here. What is to be gained, let us ask, by the transfer of negotiations to Manila? We do not know, and we can not see that any good can result from the multi-plication of epistles. We have acted most liberallyŠsome think too liberally Štoward the Roman Church authorities. We, indeed, will deport the friars, but we offer to pay them most liberally for the vast territories claimed by them as their lands. Really, the lands, excepting the grounds occupied by church build-ings, rectories, and cemeteries, did not and do not belong to the friars, but were held in usufruct from the Spanish Crown, and became the property of the United States by conquest and treaty ; but for political reasons, and out of def-erence to the Catholic element, the lands have been regarded as having been the property of the friars, and therefore an equity was most liberally conceded them. It will seem to many, we think, that we have had enough negotiations, and  that it is time for our Government to act; or, if any negotiations are admissable let the value of the lands be de-termined by arbitration. As for the rest, action lies with our Govern-ment exclusively. It can give the friars reasonable time for quitting the country Šthat is all that is necessary. When France would have an accounting of the religious orders, she did not confer with the Pope or send a commissioner to Rome. The French Parliament passed a law requiring an accounting, and the government is now enforcing it. Per-haps we might profitably take a lesson from France. Anyway, our Government can do nothing that will better satisfy the people than end this whole matter of the friars as soon as possible. The sooner all negotiations over the subject are ended, the better for all concerned.ŠChristian Work (Presbyterian), New York. The question of the friars in the Phil-ippines turns out to be more com-plicated and difficult than was at first supposed. It is a very remarkable coincidence that the two greatest re-publics in the world, the United States and France, are at the present mo-ment facing an identical difficulty with regard to the religious orders. We say that in France the relig-ious orders were immensely wealthy : exactly how wealthy we are unwilling to guess at, as their refusal to render an account of their possessions for pur-poses of taxation is one of the causes that have brought them into collision with the French government. In the Philip-pines it is exactly the same story : in Manila also the friars of the four orders ŠFranciscans, Dominicans, Augustin-ians, and CarmelitesŠown property to the extent of 6,o00,000 dollars Mexican. Governor Taft's hope that a way 