EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT . 711 On the basis of a "Sunday-opening canvass' of candidates for the New York legislature from Greater New York, made by its just before the late election, the New York Evening Post declares that "amendments to the liquor tax law, as regards the sale of liquor on Sunday, will form one of the most important matters to be taken up by the legislature this winter." The Post asked the candidates "to define their position with .respect to Sunday sales of liquor." Forty-nine out of 132 responded. With one exception, the replies were to the effect that changes were impera-tive. Sixteen came out flatly in favor of permitting the sale of liquor during restricted hours on Sunday, and eight others advocated a "liberal" Sunday, which perhaps means the same thing. Only two of the fifty went on record as absolutely against Sunday selling. Twenty said the law "needs amend-ment." It appeared to be the opinion of the majority of the candidates that local option was the remedy for exist-ing abuses. The excise law should be amended by eliminating from it everything that has reference to or is based upon the re-ligious Sunday, but this is not likely to be proposed even by those most in favor of amending and liberalizing the law. A liquor law should deal with the liquor traffic, not with a church institu-tion. If the civic conditions are such that special regulations are needed for a particular day of the week, well and good, but the religious character which may be attached to a day cannot be taken into consideration in the matter without violating the principle of separ-ation of church and state. When regu-lation of the liquor business ceases to be complicated with regulation of the ob-servance of the religious Sunday the prospects will be much better for rem-edying "existing abuses," for then one 'of the most serious of the existing  abuses in the matter for which the law is responsible will have been abolished. The young woman who was fined $5 in New York on October 26 for selling a five-cent loaf of bread on Sunday, whose case was reported in our "Sun-day Enforcement" department last week, was not only arrested, but "was locked up at the Fifth Street station until she got a bondsman"! When ar-raigned in the police court she rightly declared to the magistrate that the whole proceeding was an outrage. He "declared that he did not believe in the law himself, but had to enforce it." This case has been given some promi-nence by the newspapers, and it is- to be hoped that it will serve to arouse a great many people to the injustice of a law that is still allowed to disgrace the statute books. The Sunday law of New York is no better to-day than it was when its unjust, oppressive, and unconstitutional character was so ably point out many years ago by the un-known writer whose review of the law is now being reprinted in The Sentinel. It is a shame that the law has been allowed to remain upon the statute books so long after such a righteous indictment of it was presented to the people of the State. It is high time that the advocates and upholders of the idle Sunday by law were finding something at least as good as useful industry to engage the atten-tion of the people on that day. If they do not do it, and do not get the people to occupy themselves with it, they will be justly held responsible for the grave evils which the idle Sunday increas-ingly entails. "The Sabbath question is a religious one, and must be settled on a religious basis." 