"THE WHITE SHEPHERD OF ROME" 809 pathos in the Pope's voice. His lips ticular, such as the maintenance of order, trembled. and the enforcement of ameliorative laws. "Here we have in temporal control men But my work as the head of Christendom who feel nothing but hatred for the rep-  must be universal and on a different resentative of Jesus Christ and offer con-  plane. stant insults to the Holy See. Enemies "The world must be re-Christianized. of God armed with governmental power . . . How vain are the efforts of na-seek not only to grieve and humble the tions which seek to bring contentment Holy See in my person, but to utterly to man and master by legislation, forget- break down the influence of religion, to ting that the Christian religion alone can disorganize and obliterate the Church, draw men together in love and peace. and to overthrow the whole system of As the wealth of the world increases, morality upon which civilization rests. the gulf between the laborer and his em-The power of paganism is at work in ployer will widen and deepen unless it Europe again. be bridged over by Christian charity and "These are times of social unrest and the mutual forbearance inspired by Chris-impending disorder. I recognize the tian morals. But if the foes of Jesus good impulse that persuaded the German Christ and His Church continue to at-Emperor to assemble the great powers tack and revile the holy religion which at Berlin and seek a cure for the dis-  inspires and teaches sound morals and ease that afflicts capital and labor. But has civilized the world, these social dis-there is no power that can deal with orders, which are but signs on the hori-anarchy and social discontent but organ-  zon to-day, will overwhelm and destroy ized religion. It alone can restore the them." moral balance to the human race. The His Holiness spoke with visible emo- result of the efforts which have been made tion about his desire for the disarma-by nations to live without Christian guid-  ment of Europe. ance can be seen in the present state of "The existence of these vast armies is civilized societyŠdiscontent, hatred, and a source of displeasure and sorrow to profound unhappiness. the Holy See," he said, "The military "I Łhave watched the growing helpless-  life, which has been invested with a cer-ness of the suffering working classes tain glamour, is injuring hundreds of throughout the world with anxiety and thousands of young men. . . . These grief. I have studied how to relieve so-  armies are not only full of peril to the ciety of this terrible confusion. While souls of men, but they drain the world I live I will labor to bring about a change. of its wealth. So long as Europe is The troubles of the poor and heavy-laden filled with soldiery, so long will all the are largely due to the enemies of Chris-  labor represented by millions of men in tian morality who want to see Christian arms be withdrawn from the soil, and history ended and mankind return to the poor will be overburdened with taxes pagan ways. to support the system. The armies of "Human law cannot reach the real seat Europe are impoverishing Europe. of the conflict between capital and labor. These great military establishments have Governments and legislatures are help-  another deplorable effect. They set one less to restore harmony. The various na-  people against another and intensify na-tions must do their work and I must tional jealousies. The inevitable result do mine. Their work is local and par-  is the growth of a spirit of anger and 