28o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY easily occur one of these days that unions of governmental employees will get up a strike. In such a case the government it-self will be one party to the controversy; and in that case cannot select the arbitrat-ing tribunal. Then, who could come be-tween the government and the strikers as a mediating, arbitrating " source of bless-edness " ? Only the church. And under the circumstances, what church would it be? None but the Catholic Church: at the very least for the dominating influence in it, because of the recorded fact that " nearly all " the strikers would be " ad-herents of the Catholic Church." And just as soon as that thing occurs, then the situation will be that the church will be predominant, and will stand above the na-tion ; and there will she remain to the very end of things a predominating power in a union of church and state in all ques-tions of this sort. And there will be enough questions of this sort to make the thing perpetual. The way is being paved for this every day. It is a common proposition when a strike occurs that the clergy shall be selected (and sometimes they put themselves for-ward) as the ones to bring about the set-tlement of the troubles. And in the end, though not all these clergy are Catholics, there is no instance in which the Catholic Church must not be recognized, and her clergy form a part of the settling com-mittee. Thus, in all these things that are of daily occurrence, there is definitely grow-ing up here in the United States the power of the Papacy, and the certain union of church and state, with the Papacy pre-dominating. These events are simply a fuller expression of that declaration made by Bishop Watterson in the world's  Catholic Congress in 1893, that if there is to be found a saviour of this nation from the troubles that are threatening it, " it is from the Vatican that this saviour must come." And how can the thing possibly be pre-vented? Suppose that the people of the United States should awake to these things and to the evil in it all? What can they do ih any proper way ? What can be done in the Philippines to prevent the union of church and state there, when the Papacy has on her side the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, that the Constitution of the United States does not apply in the Philippines ? Take it in the United States itself. What can be done here to prevent the Papacy from interfering and taking con-trol and joining herself to the national government, when she has on her side the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States that " this is a Christian nation " ; when Catholic documents are cited largely by that court as proof of the fact that the establishment of the Chris-tian religion is within the meaning of the Constitution of the United States as it stands; and when Catholicism is recog-nized as the Christian religion and a part of the " general Christianity " that the Supreme Court has declared is the re-ligion of this nation? By these two Supreme Court decisions the people of the United States are abso-lutely inhibited from ever doing in any proper way Š in any legal way, in any lawful or constitutional way Š anything whatever to save the government, or to protect themselves from the domination of the Papacy in this land in the union of church and state. M The Church of Rome unites in herself all the strength of establishment and all Ł the strength of dissent. With the utmost  pomp of a dominant hierarchy above, she has all the energy of the voluntary sys-tem below.ŠMacaulay. 