SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the if ems in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. O a A movement by church people td close saloons on Sunday was recently begun at Pueblo, Col. The retail meat dealers' and retail gro-cers' associations of Des Moines, Iowa, have " decided to make a united effort to see that the Sunday-closing law is kept." A canvass of the city " will soon be made, and those who do not keep the law will be listed." " Prosecutions will follow if the law is not observed." It is reported from South Dakota that " there is a movement among the dif-ferent labor organizations in the Black Hills to stop work on the Sabbath." " The first union to take official action ". is that of the carpenters at Lead, S. Dak., which " has passed an order forbidding work on Sunday excepting in necessary cases where laborers are not sufficient for the demand." " A rather sweeping ordinance on Sun-day observance " passed the city council of Bristol, Tenn., on August 14 by a majority of only one vote. " According to this ordinance all work, except what is absolutely necessary, must cease, and all stores and places of business must be closed," but " of course it exempts the hotels, restaurants, livery stables and the street-car line." A Sunday-closing ordinance came up for its last reading in the city council of Conneaut, Ohio, on August BD, and after some discussion was defeated by a vote of four to three. One councilman " un-derstood that the ordinance had. been framed to catch certain harbor people," and he " thought it too far-reaching in effect." Another said he " never kept his store open on Sunday for profit, but that p   It was recently reported by the Vernon Center (Minn.) Sun that " the law relat-ing to Sunday closing of business places is to be rigidly enforced." Samuel Aliber, A. E. Leon and G. A. Abrahamson were fined at Des Moines, Iowa, on August ig ," for keeping their grocery stores open on Sunday." Their prosecution was brought about by the grocers' association. At a meeting of the central labor or-ganization of Toledo, Ohio, on August 6 " a committee was appointed to call upon Chief of Police Knapp and request him to enforce the law prohibiting the keeping open of stores on Sunday." The baseball association of Saratoga, N. Y., was notified by Sheriff Franklin Carpenter during the week preceding August 9 'that there must be no games played on Sunday," and the game sched-uled for that day " was declared off." The sheriff " acted on a petition signed by clergymen and others." At Norristown, Pa., on August 7 " a number of certioraries were filed to test the legality of the old blue laws." Pro-,  prietors of Chestnut Hill Park amusement places had been arrested and fined $4 and costs each for violating the Sunday law. They took exceptions, and " the court will be called upon to pass upon the TIP  legality of the old Sunday law." 