3anfmell Ob CMIL, 'NTllAR! UMEE7TV A weekly publication devoted to the maintenance and defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore opposed to any violation or compromise of the principle of separa- tion of church and state. Non-sectarian and non-partisan in the application of principles. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Published by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. To whom all communications spf a business nature should be addressed. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per year  $1.00 sixmonths  .50 " three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Unionmone year  1.50 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six montns in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. BACK NUMBERS OF " THE SENTINEL" WE have on hand quite a supply of some of the recent issues of THE SENTINEL. All of these were printed since the removal to Wash-ington. They are excellent papers for use in reading racks and for general distribution. While the supply lasts, we will send these back numbers, of our own selection, at the rate of I cent a copy in lots of twenty-five or more, or 75 cents a hundred copies, assorted. Address, Sentinel of Christian Liberty, 222 North Capitol St., Washington, D. C. THE "CAPITAL AND LABOR" SPECIAL "SIGNS OF THE TVIES" THAT excellent religious weekly, The Signs of the Times, reports that its special " Capital and Labor " number, issued a short time ago, and which was advertised on this page for several weeks, " is still selling," and that there is still an abundant supply for all who may desire to assist in giving a still larger circulation to this important and timely number that deserves the largest possible circulation. The Signs truly says of it : " It is just as good to-day as the  day it was issued," and that there are still thou-sands throughout the land, especially in the large cities where the question to which the number is devoted is most acute, and in many of which little has been done in the circulation of this number as yet, who would gladly purchase and read a copy if given the opportunity. We trust that many of the readers of THE SENTINEL have already done so and will still assist in placing this important number in the hands of as many persons as possible. Perhaps it will be well to briefly describe this number. The front cover presents an original drawing in colors in which the great combat between capital and labor is vividly and strikingly typified, and in the center of the paper is a two-page composite illustra-tion presenting some ten views of organized labor parades in as many of the great cities of the country on last " Labor Day." These fea-tures, together with other illustrations, make the number very attractive. But it is the mat-ter which fills its twenty pages that makes this number especially valuable. The leading fea-ture is some " Representative Opinions on the Problem of Capital and Labor," presenting ex-pressions on the subject from leading repre-sentatives of each side of the controversy. One of these is an article on " The Real Conflict," by the president of the National Association of Manufacturers, and another is an expression on " The Workingmen's Problem," from the president of the American Federation of Labor. Other leading articles of the number are : " Wealth and Oppression in the Light of His-tory," by Prof. George W. Rine; " Wealth and Oppression in the Light of Prophecy," by Milton C. Wilcox ; " How Came this Great Conflict ? " by William N. Glenn ; " Christian Union Versus Human Union," by Charles M. Snow. An ar-ticle that should be of especial interest to readers of THE SENTINEL is, " Church Unionism and Trade Unionism Coming Together." An especially valuable feature is " What Eminent Men Haye Said on the Principles Involved," being a collection of some twenty-five utterances or expressions on the subject fro',  men whose words and opinions on the subject will command attention. The words and statements of espe-cial significance are printed in bold type, which adds much to the value of this feature of the number. This number sells as follows : 5 cents each ; five to twenty copies,' 4 cents each ; twenty-five copies or more, 3 cents each. They will be mailed to addresses furnished at the following rates : from five to twenty-five addresses, 5 cents each ; twenty-five to one hundred addresses, 4 cents each. Address, Signs of the Times, Oakland, Cal. From Cleveland, Ohio, it is reported that "a delegation of citizens will go to Columbus early in the session of the present legislature and ask that the assembly pass a law to allow any mu-nicipality of the State to decide for itself whether or not to allow the play-ing of baseball on Sunday. At present there is a State law against Sunday ball." 