550 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY want them to do. If under a democracy beginning to end. Their work should freedom depends upon mutual consession be always to educate and inspire the con-and a high regard for law, then those science, and they should never think of who in the American democracy refuse controlling or directing the actions of in-to concede to others the right which is dividuals in the matter in any other way. fully conceded to themŠto rest or work Mrs. Sangster tells us that " there are when they please so long as they inter-  rural neighborhoods where no sail whit-fere with no right of othersŠand who ens the waters and no oar cuts the waves have no higher regard for genuine law on the Sabbath, where men do not ride than to take such a stand, are not sup-  nor take out their automobiles, and where porting freedom and democracy, but are a blessed quiet reigns profoundly through tearing it down. If there is such a thing the sacred day," but that " these are as a Sunday slave it is the man whose rare," and " in many suburban places a liberty is restricted and denied by a Sun-  howling, shrieking, shouting crowd of day law, who is forced to surrender his the baser sort comes on trolley and by rightful liberty in deference to the Sun-  steam or boat every Sunday, making the day institution ; and also the man who is pleasant places hideous and picnicing in so in bondage to the institution that he sight of the sanctuary." But she adds thinks he must force it upon everybody the very significant statement that this else, whether they will have it or not. For latter condition of affairs " would never the liberty and emancipation of all such have been possible had those who rev-THE SENTINEL stands. " The protection erenced the Sabbath not set an example of the first day of the week " is an ab-  of indifference first." This leaves no surd something with which civil law has doubt as to where those who really wish no business to concern itself. It is people to stem the tide of " Sabbath desecra-and communities which the law should tion " should direct their energies. The protect and guard from oppression and seat and origin of the evil is in the crime, and its duty and responsibility in churches themselves. And the indiffer-this respect is no greater and no different ence toward and disregard of the " Sab-on Sunday from what it is on any other bath " by church members cannot be day. When people are adequately pro-  reached and cured by legislation. With tected from oppression there will be no them, as with all others the appeal in this enforcement of Sunday rest upon them. matter must first, last and always be di- rected to the conscience. Nothing worth Writing on " Summer Sabbath-Keep-  accomplishing can be accomplished in any ing," Margaret E. Sangster concludes other way. with this statement : " Finally, let con- science ruleŠconscience, God's voice in In speaking on the Sunday question the soul." And why should not con-  at Davenport, Iowa, on the evening of science, to which in the end the matter July 26, Rev. Mott Sawyers well de-must be left anyhow, rule all the time clared that " the value of the day de-in the matter of Sabbath-keeping? Those pends entirely upon how it is observed," who would promote Sabbath-keeping and that " questions of this kind are should never expect anything else to settled not by legislation, but by the control in the matter. Instead of coming opinion of the people." He said that with-to this principle of the rule of conscience in the bounds prescribed by the law the finally, it is the principle with which day could be made a blessing or a curse, they should start and be controlled from and that " the way in which it is kept Ł 