EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 613 as Bishop of Buffalo," and bishops and prelates from all parts of the country were present. Bishop McFaul delivered the sermon of the occasion, and in speak-ing of the duties of a bishop made the utterance referred to: There are many live questions in our country wherein the gift of leadership is required of the bishop. The educational problem must be solved. The public schools as at present con-stituted are detrimental to church and state. Eminent non-Catholic educators are gradually perceiving that " intellectual cultivation has no effect in arresting the sources of evil in the human heart; it alters the direction of crime, but not its amount." Teaching religion in the church and the home is not sufficient. The absence of such teaching in the school is rapidly leading youth into indifference and dechristianizing America. The bishop must proclaim " in season and out of season " the danger of education without religion and mo-rality. Thus he will serve both church and state; for the welfare of the republic depends upon the virtue of its citizens. This is the utterance resented by the New York Journal in the editorial quoted elsewhere. At a meeting held in Boston on June 26 " to further the cause of Catholic federation," and which was at-tended by " representatives from sixty-nine [Catholic] societies," " Rev. W. G. Read Mullan, S. J., president of Boston College," made this utterance, which, though the only portion of his speech quoted in a report in a Catholic periodical, was placed in bold type: There can be no education without religion. Our public school system, though great and grand as it may be, is defective, inasmuch as it does not include Catholic, Christian, religious education. The Federation insists that there must be religion in education, for without re-ligion there is no education. Education with-out religion leads to anything but true and good and sincere citizenship. About the same time a convention of the German Catholic Societies of New York State was held at Albany. The president of the organization, Joseph Mielich, in his annual address declared : It is the most sacred duty of parents to givi their children a Christian education, and it it the duty of the State to assist them in doint so. We demand a share in the public schoo funds because we have been taxed to create this fund. The State guarantees us religious freedom, and the right to educate our childret in our religion is inherent in this privilege We enter a solemn protest against the order of the Government compelling Indian childrer to attend godless schools. We protest agains) the unjust manner with which the Government has treated the Catholic people in the Philip pines. Mr. Mielich must have been reading  the State Sunday law. This idea that " the right to educate our children in our religion " at State expense is neces-sary in order to enjoy the religious free-dom guaranteed by the State is on a pat with the idea that unless Sunday observ-ance is enforced upon everybody the ob-servers of Sunday are not protected in their religious liberty. But this is a piece of sophistry that is being used against the principle and practise of separation of church and state in the schools as well as in the matter of Sunday enforcement. Thus, in a statement issued a year or so ago Bishop McFaul said : Here we have a system of public schools wherein all religious teaching is eliminated. Catholics consider the system dangerous to free institutions. Still, if our fellow-citizens, regardless of results, must have this system, we can only appeal to themŠfor we also are American citizensŠnot to tax us for the sup-port of schools which our conscientious convic-tions will not permit us to patronize. It is no answer to say to us: " There are the schools ready for you or anybody else; if you do not desire to send your children to them, it is no fault of ours." Non-Catholic citizens select a system of schools which is obnoxious to their Catholic fellow-citizens, and then they have the hardihood to say to them: " You shall be taxed for their support; whether they are suitable to your or not does not concern us." Must not the freedom of conscience to which an American citizen is entitled be held in-violable, and should not his fellow-citizens, by virtue of the Constitution, protect him in the exercise thereof? Shall not our country 