166 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY by its right name, civil, political, earthly citizenship. There must be no mingling of these two things, for they operate in different spheres. If better civil, political citizenship is the object, well and good; but let there be no introduction of things which have to do with the spiritual, with the heavenly country and the future life ; let there be no attempts to regulate the conduct of men in matters of religion ; no attempts to make men walk in ways that have to do with another country and another citizenship. The promotion of good citizenship is a very good work, but if in connection with it these other things are attempted, it will become a very evil work, and if continued any length of time the last state of that na-tion in which it began will be worse than the first. "Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world : if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, . . . but now is my kingdom not from hence." The pastor of the Tremont Street Methodist Church, Boston, in a recent sermon, spoke the followipg words which clearly indicate the direction in which the energies of the popular churches are being largely turned : If we, as Christians, become thoroughly disgusted with the political outlook, it be-comes our privilege and duty to band our-selves together for the purpose of raising the ideal standard in politics, whether in city, State or nation. We have it in our power, as decent men and women of Ameri-ca, to divide this country into two great parties, one of which stands for righteousness and the other for insatiate greed, for incar-nate selfishness. When such a division is made you and I can go to the polls shouting "Hallelujah," and singing doxologies. It was when the Christian church in the Roman Empire turned her attention  to the work of "raising the ideal stand-ard in politics" and divided the empire "into two great parties," one of which she supposed stood "for righteousness," that she ceased to be a power for good; and the result of such a course now cannot be different from what it was then. The Governor and the Sunday Laws In his message to the New York legis-lature, on January 1, Governor Odell gave no encouragement to those who desire such legislation as will enable the saloons of New York to be legally open on Sundays. He says that the policy of municipal or local option as to Sunday opening should not be adopted "unless clearly desired by a majority of the people of the State," and that "under no circumstances should a referendum be permitted to municipalities until sanctioned by the entire electorate of the State." It is generally conceded on all sides that there can be no change in the Sun-day laws if such change must have the sanction of a majority of the people of the State, and that the only hope of a change is through local option on the question. Hence the fight between the advocates of legal Sunday observance and the advocates of legal opening of saloons on Sunday hinges upon this question of local option. This the up-holders of Sunday legislation plainly see, and they are determined that the "Sab-bath" shall not be surrendered to the tender mercies of local option. Governor Odell himself makes it plain that he is opposed to any relaxation in the matter of Sunday enforcement; to any change in the law which makes 