76 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY rect or not, or whether weak, finite, ignorant man can do any essential serv-ice to Infinite Wisdom or Almighty Power, or anything more pleasing in the sight of Boundless Goodness and Immaculate Justice than to endeavor to make the offspring of the great First Cause Š the children of his Heavenly Father Š happy, are questions which I mean not now to agitate. It will how-ever not be denied that religion as well as morality enjoins on man kindness to his fellow beings, to do them all the good he can, and make them as happy as he has it in his power to do. But man cannot be forced by statute law to .be kind or benevolent to any one. Though he cannot be coerced to acts of kindness, he can be restrained from do-ing injury to others, or else incur the penalty for the aggressive act. Self-defense against injury is a natural right, nay, a duty indicated by the in-voluntary and irresistible impulse of our nature, implanted in .the very con-stitution of our being. When assailed and too weak for self-defense, nature impulsively dictates a gall for help, and indicates the right to obtain the aid of others to protect us from injury, re-claim our violated rights and punish the aggressor. It is for this cause that a union of strength is natural and nec-essary. It is for these purposes that civil government is instituted. It is from this source alone that government can derive any righteous power. Gov-ernment may therefore acquire the right to regulate the intercourse of man with his fellow man, and enforce the performance of their moral duties so far as to restrain them from doing injury to one another; but has no right to attempt by law to regulate the relig-ious creeds of men. As I have before in substance re-marked, there is no need of any stat-ute law to compel people to act accord- ing to the dictates of their own con-scientious religious creeds. And as no one has a right, moral or religious, to act against his conscience in matters. of religion, he cannot depute to others. a righteous power to compel him to. act against his conscientious religious creed. The legislature, therefore, have no moral or political right whatever to judge 'any portion of their constituents in respect to religious "sabbath days," or of any "holy day," or to interfere in their religious faith at all, except, in pursuance of the provisions of the constitution and the benevolent prin-ciples of rational liberty, to prevent that "act of spiritual oppression and intolerance" by which any are con-strained against their conscience to conform to the creeds of others. If the legislature possessed a right to prescribe one point of religious faith, one sectarian tenet, they would have an equal right to prescribe another. If they have a right to prescribe any one or any number of religious tenets, they have an equal right to proscribe any one and every other. For the right to prescribe any implies the right to proscribe every other sectarian tenet, and then it would follow that the leg-islature would have a right to prescribe the religious opinions and worship of mankind, and thence regulate by law man's communion with his God! In truth a law to oblige mankind to con-form to any one or any system of re-ligious tenets savors much of profanity, inasmuch as it virtually prescribes the particular kind of worship which the Deity is authorized to receive accord-ing to the statute in such case made and provided. So impious a measure, so monstrous an absurdity, when ar-rayed in its true character, or pre-sented, as here, in its naked deformity, would not for a moment be admitted or advocated by any body. 