540 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY penalty for violating the ordinance " is a fine of $200 or thirty days imprison-ment." At a " Sunday-observance mass-meet-ing " called by the Young People's Union of the Presbyterian churches of Superior, Wis., at the instance of " the ministers that have been active in the movement against Sunday theaters," held on July 26, " a committee was appointed to draw up resolutions asking the mayor to in-struct the chief of police to stop all Sun-day evening theaters and Sunday baseball and present them to him." " If the mayor takes no action, some of the other means proposed at the meeting will be resorted to." Rev. Mr. Payne, chairman of the meeting, in stating the object for which it was called, said " there is nothing more important than that we as Christians live in opposition to the encroachments of Sa-tan," and that " it is the business of a Christian to be fighting against these things." A Christian does not fight against evil via mayors and chiefs of po-lice. On Sunday, July 26, the journeymen barbers' union of Davenport, Iowa, had out pickets watching for open shops. They were agreeably surprised to find that the circulation of a Sunday-opening agree-ment among the boss barbers during the week did not result in the resumption of Sunday opening, only the six shops which had refused from the beginning to close being open. The journeymen " have de-cided to fine every member $5 for each offense in working on Sundays," and " announce that they will boycott every merchant found patronizing the six shops that remain open on Sunday." They have " appointed a committee to look after these shops and as far as possible take the names of those found patronizing them." A representative of the union ex-plains that the journeymen will " use ev- ery fair means to enforce Sunday closing before resorting to prosecution " ; they " will not prosecute unless compelled to do so in order to win their point." According to the Boston Herald of July 21, " Chief Wade of the State po-lice " had not " finished with Revere Beach yet " in the matter of Sunday en-forcement. He still had " his eye open for infractions of the Sunday law, giving particular attention to shows and amuse-ments given under the auspices of relig-ious or charitable societies." He was convinced that " such entertainments were contrary to law," but had " asked the attorney-general for an opinion on this point." If the opinion " bore out his con-struction of the statute, the managers of these shows would hear from him." Among these would " be included the Rev. George E. Littlefield, who has an-nounced his intention of establishing a `civic church' at Revere, and of getting support for it from innocent amusements, such as merry-go-rounds, etc., operated on the Lord's Day in behalf of this church." We understand that since this news appeared the question of Sunday-law enforcement has been to the fore at Revere. Mr. Littlefield has discussed the matter in his Sunday talks, and shown the injustice of such legislation and en-forcement. The village of Grayling, Mich., was re-cently " stirred as never before by an agi-tation started primarily by the Christian and moral element of the community on account of the desecration of the Sabbath, as defined in all Christian doctrine and pronounced illegal by the statutes of the State." The direct cause of the movement was the fact of public games of baseball on Sunday. The clergy preached upon the subject, and with others urged the violators of the law to desist, relying for a time on moral suasion, but finding that did not avail gave them notice 4 4 