812  THE SENTINEL OF rage of all the rules of equal rights and common justice which ought to govern in the case before us; for had the vic-tim been allowed a trial, and had availed himself of the greatest mercies of the law in question, he could only escape the loss of property or his liberty by proving "that he uniformly keeps the last day of the week as holy time," and also by proving a negative, viz. that he does not labor or work on his own sabbath day. Upon those condi-tions only can he avoid this judicial in-quisition and escape the denunciations of the law which authorizes it. Though he should prove that he keeps any other than the first or the last day of the week, or should prove that he keeps the seventh part of each day as "holy time," or should he show that he, like some of the primitive disciples of the Christian faith, conscientiously "esteems all days alike" and that no man hath a right to judge him "in re-spect of the sabbath days, or of any holy day"; should he prove that he is a man of good moral character, honest,' benevolent, kind and charitable to all mankind ; that he does by others as he would that others should do by him ;  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY should enjoyÑall this will avail him nothing; it is not sufficiently merito-rious to enable him to pass the ordeal of this legal inquisition or escape the vengeaance of this uncharitable law. Its victim must conform to one or the other of the only two religious creeds in respect to the sabbath days which the law establishes or tolerates. He must believe that which most of Chris-tians disbelieve, that the seventh day of the week is a sabbath by Divine appointment, or against his conscience abstain from labor and act the hypo-crite as if he did believe it; or else, embracing the only alternative which the law allows him, he must believe what everybody but the Christian sect and even a portion of those disbelieve, that the first day of the week is a sabbath by Divine appointment, or hyp-ocritically act against his conscience and conform to that religious creed as if he did believe it ! On no other con-dition can infidels to the doctrine of the law in question be exempted from its anathematical denunciations, or saved from the damnation or condemnation (the terms are synonymous) which it ¥ I that he claims for himself no rights or pronounces, in mockery of justice, privileges which he is not willing others against offenders ! The organ of the new England "Sab-bath" Protective League reports that on a certain Sunday not long ago "open Sunday resorts near Worcester ground out more than the usual grist of fights and riots," and declares: "This is but one of many evidences that the open Sunday does not pay." It is but one of many evidences that the idle Sunday, for the maintenance of which this organ and the organization which it represents exist, does not pay. The open Sunday resorts would not accom-plish nearly so much evil if it were  not for their allies, the clerical sup-pressors of useful industry and health-ful and harmless recreation and sport on Sand ay. "To use a law claiming to be espe-cially in the interests of Christianity for the promotion of jealousy and rivalry in business, is a wrong of no small magnitude. To let the big fish go free, and make war on minnows because they are unable to break the net, is un-Christian and foolish.".  