RELIGIOUS LIBERTY: ITS SCOPE AND FOUNDATION 671 else than what they are, then may the conditions by which joy, love, harmony, and liberty exist and have always ex-isted, be altered. That is to say, Łif God can become other than God, then may the laws of God be altered. But so long as life remains life, and joy, and love, and harmony, and liberty re-main joy, love, harmony and liberty - Łso long as God remains GodŠso long will the welfare and happiness of every creature and the harmony of the uni-verse depend upon conformity to the conditions of life, of joy, of love, of harmony, of liberty ; depend upon obe-dienceŠand I fear we sometimes get a wrong impression from that word depend upon obedience to the laws of God, the laws of Him who is the Author of life, of joy, of love, of 'harmony, of liberty. Perhaps God's creatures would never have known that He had laws, or that they were .subject to laws, had not some of them gotten off the course of Łlife, become alienated from the life of God. " The law is not made for a righteous man, but for the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly" and un-holy. Paul says, "I had not known lust, except the law had said, Thou shalt not covet." Is it not equally true that no creature would ever have known that there was a law against coveting had not lust developed in same creatures impelling them to covet? The Ten Commandments, which are to us the law of God, were "added because of transgressions." Going out of the path, the way, of life causes the con-ditions of life to be expressed con- eretely, to be formulated into com-mandments, causes guide-posts, as it were, to be set up, so that the wrong course may be seen ; and thus the de-parture becomes transgression. And we can see that God's law for His created intelligences, the law of the  moral sphere, the sphere in which the great principle of religious liberty ap-plies, exists in the very nature of things, exists by virtue of the very rela-tion of God's creatures to Himself and to one another. "When the first in-telligence was created, he owed to God as the Author of his being, his exist-ence, all that he was or could be, his heart, soul, might, mind, and strength ; and it devolved upon him to render to his Creator the tribute of all this, to love God with all his being. And when the second being and all other intel-ligences were made, each of them owed to their Creator the same tribute ; but in addition each intelligence now owed another duty, for another relationship had come, the relation of one created intelligence owing all to God and hav-ing nothing self-derived to another and other created intelligences owing all to God and having nothing self-derived. All were equal before God, with no ground of preference the one above anotheV, but each and all having the same rights, standing the same, and therefore each under the same obliga-tion and duty to regard every other one as highly as himself, and to care for another's welfare equally with his own." And thus, in the very relation that had to exist between God and not only the first but every created intelligence, and in the very relation that had to exist between all created intelligences when others became the companions of the first, we have the first and second commandments, the two great com-mandments in which we know from the words of Christ to the lawyer all moral law is comprehended : " The first of all the commandments is, Hear, 0 Israel, The Lord our God is one Lord and thou shalt love the Lord thy God (Concluded on second page of this number.) 