428  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY seen evidence of that recently again in our own conduct of the Philippine war, which, despite the assertions and declara-tions of our officials at Washington, has not been carried on in a spirit of human-ity, but, on the contrary, has been carried on by not a few in a spirit of barbarism. Vlitness the water-cure and its horrors ; witness the death of Father Augustine; witness the torture of the mayor of Jalo, and other incidents without number. Witness the case of Major Glenn, who recently in his court-martial, according to the telegraphic dispatches, is reported as saying that the order to make a howling wilderness of Samai¥ was issued with the knowledge of the commanding general of the forces, and that it was stated at the time that the commander did not wish to have reports from Samar. If this be true, there will be another item to add to the burden of shame we are carrying. Well, this is one of the fruits of the strenuous life we are leading in the Philip-pine Islands; one of the fruits of mili-tarism. Another reason why we are asked to go on this policy of adventure is that we are to cut a figure in the world. We are not to take a seat in the rear, a back seat, any longer ; we are to be in the front ; we are to take part in the struggle for the mastery of the Pacific, for the dominion of the worldÑas if the dominion of the world consisted in land-grabbing, and in subjecting the brown man and the yellow man and the black man, so as to make him toil for us like a human beast; under the pretense of bearing " the white man's burden " throwing the white man's bur-den upon him, the brown man and the yellow man, as if that were what can be called securing the dominion of the world ! We are like the Israelites of old. They had the great prophet, and had a great revelation, even the moral law that flamed from Sinai. But they were not  content ; they looked around, and saw other nations around them driveling and groveling before idols of stone and idols of gold, which their own hands had made, and they said : " Why can't we be like the other nations ? Why can't we, too, have gods of stone and of gold like the nations which surround us ? " And they forgot the God of Righteous-ness, who had chosen them for His own. So we are saying : " Let us, too, have gods of commerce and gods of expan-sion, like the nations that surround us; let us, too, bow before these idols." And we forget the God of Righteousness, that has chosen us for His own. And the worst of it all, the intolerable, inconceivable thing of it all, is that this sort of policy simply drifts into our na-tional acceptance, without any clear dis-cussion of it before the people, without any decision at any election, any genuine, fair, frank decision of the question, Shall we have it or not have it? It simply insinuates itself in, gets itself ac-cepted; because, forsooth, the majority of the people have not yet made up their minds, have not yet thought it out, and the few who insist on it, therefore, are allowed to have their way. [The speaker here declared that " the gist of imperialism is the aristocratic, the oligarchical view of human nature "Ñ" the disposition to treat the lower races as if they were hopelessly inferior " and to utilize them for purposes of profit. As a striking and pertinent illustration of this disposition attention was called to " the desire of the commercial interests that are back of this adventurous policy to utilize the labor of the Asiatics to get quick returns," as exhibited by " the proposition to introduce coolie labor into the Philippine Islands," which had been made in an official document of the War Department and was " supported by capitalistic interests." The speaker con-ceived this proposition " to be the most 