EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT  581 Bible? I believe there should be strenuous laws to prevent the open desecration of the day set apart for God's worship, and accepted ¥ by a majority of the people. The spirit of the law (one seventh of the number of days in the week) can be observed in worshiping on the first day regularly. Where no legislation compels the prevention of it, it is the natural ¥ tendency of man to do wrong. It has been so since the beginning of time. There must be a " Thou shalt not " to keep matters right. We cannot comment on this, except to say that the fact that there are so many people who have the same ideas and take the same position as does Mrs. Gaily is what makes necessary the publication of such a paper as THE SENTINEL. The Christian Register says that the as-sertion of papal infallibility by the Catholic Church " really undermined its authority because most of the world regards it as a huge blunder." That was most certainly a huge blunder in some respects, but it is a blunder that " the Church " seems well able to survive. From the way things have been going since that assertion was made it seems doubtful if most of the world does regard it as a huge blunder, or that it was a blunder so far as the growth and influence of " the Church " is concerned. The number of those who bow to her authority has rapidly grown since this pronouncement was made, and no-where more rapidly than in this country, where if anywhere the blunder named should have been fatal to such progress. The blunder of papal infal-libility lies further back than the decree of 187o. It is in the doctrine itself, and that doctrine, is of the very essence of the papacy and has been throughout her whole career. The Papacy herself is a huge blunder, but she has flourished and does flourish wonderfully neverthe-less. Huge blunders of this sort do not seem to he sufficient to alienate the deference, allegiance, and admiration of the world. Although it has been treated with con-tempt by the press not a single prosecution has been made under the " press muz-zler " law enacted in Pennsylvania a few months ago. It is said that " except that it is exerting a malign influence on the political fortunes of those who voted for it and secured its passage, the law is a dead letter." And what are the clerical champions of " law and .order," those gentlemen who so constantly and tragic-ally tell us that " the non-enforcement of law endangers the rights and liberties of every citizen," that " the integrity and dignity of our social and civil order de-pends upon the literal enforcement of law," doing? There are plenty of them in Pennsylvania. Surely they will not quietly allow such a terrible state of af-fairs to continue. Will they not arise in their might and insist that " the law must be enforced as it is found on the statute books," and that " the issue raised by its non-enforcement strikes at the very foun-dation of our free institutions " ? And if objection and protest is made, will they not declare that " if the law works hard-ship recourse must be had to the legis-lature, and not to the public officers whose business it is to enforce the law as they find it "? No, they will do nothing of the kind. The reason is that the law in question is not a Sunday law. With regard to the recent action of the Lutheran conference at Utica the Free-man's Journal and Catholic Register says: We have never heard of those gentlemen objecting to the Protestant chaplain of Con-gress, though it is much nearer to the idea of church and state connection than a Pres-idential expression of condolence at the death of a Pope. This is doubtless true, but two wrongs do not make a right. Governmental chaplains and governmental condolences on the death of a Pope are both seriously out of harmony with the idea of separation 