NOTE AND COMMENT 189 stormy times are ahead for the new repub-lic. The president to be, who has resided in this country since 1882, will be inaugu-rated on May 1, when it is anticipated that the forces of the United States will be withdrawn from the island. Senor Palma has issued a statement counciling his countrymen to forget their differ-ences and stand together, and while ex-pressing gratitude to the United States and the desire that friendly relations may continue, emphasizing strongly the idea of nationality and independence. Es-pecial emphasis is given to the point that unless the United States reduces the im-port duties on Cuban products "all the sacrifices of the Cubans for their free-dom will be set at naught." The new president is sixty-five years old, and his career has been an eventful one. He was born at Bayamo, Cuba ; was a leader in the uprising of 1868-78, and was elect-ed president by the Cuban patriots in 1875. He was afterwards detained in Spanish prisons, in one of which his mother died a prisoner. Just before set-tling in the United States he was post-master-general of Honduras. During the last Cuban revolution he was the leading spirit of the Cuban revolutionary societies in this country, and in fact of all such societies outside of Cuba. Speaking before the merchants of Boston, in December, Mr. Henry Water-son, of Kentucky, declared that "we live in untoward times." He called attention to "the unscrupulous application of money on every hand," and intimated that if instead of applying "the principles of the charter of American liberty to the administration of the affairs of the out-lying regions and peoples that have come to us as a consequence of the war with Spain, precisely as they were ap-plied to the territories purchased of France and acquired of Mexico," "we are to tickle away our consciousness of wrong-doing with insincere platitudes about religion and civilization, and soothe our consciences whilst we rob and slay the helpless with the conceits of a self-deluding national vanity, then it had been well for us, and for our chil-dren, and our children's children, had Dewey sailed away, though he had sailed without compass or rudder or ob-jective point, into the night of everlast-ing mystery and oblivion." But Mr. Waterson was persuaded that "we shall prove a contradiction to all the bad ex-amples of history, to all the warning voices of philosophy ;" that "we are to recreate out of these racial agglomera-tions a new species and a better species of men and women ;" that "we are upon the ascending not the descending scale of national and popular development ;" and that, "in spite of the threats of Mam-mon, the perils that environ the excess of luxury and wealth, in spite of the viciousness and the greed, we shall reach a point at last where money will be ' so plentiful, its uses so limited and de-fined, that it will have no longer any power to corrupt." Most studious lovers of liberty will agree substantially with Mr. Watterson in these statements : "I believe that the American nation came among the na-tions even as the Christ came among the sons of men. I believe that consti-tutional freedom according to the char-ter of American liberty is to government what Christianity is to religion." Sentences of imprisonment for terms of five years, three years, and eight months, were recently imposed upon certain German citizens who had been convicted of infamous brutalities to na- 