EDITORIAL 165- schools, and streets. Finally, the question is coming to the front in many States of making the caucus an initial election, under the control of election commissioners instead of party officers: following this plan, polling-booths would be open all day, instead of a few hours, and all parties would hold their election on the same day, thus diminishing the power of the ward boss. The study of such questions as these and their dis-cussion in debate and parliamentary prac-tise once a fortnight or a month would soon make a generation of intelligent young people fit for good civic service. Now against such civic service as this we have nothing to say, only we say this, that it is not Christian citizenship work. That it is a good work we do not ques-tion ; that it is a duty we do not question, and it may be in a certain sense a re-ligious duty. It may mean good citizen-ship and better citizenship, as it is spoken of by The Outlook in some instances, but it does not mean Christian citizenship, and has no especial relation to Christian citizenship. A man may be a good citi-zen, he may aid in bringing about better citizenship, he may do all that is out-lined for these "Christian Endeavor Civic Clubs," and yet he may not be in the condition nor enjoying the privilege of Christian citizenship. Christian citi-zenship is not a matter of "solving the greatest of all American political prob-lemsŠthe problem of the city ;" it is a matter of the greatest of all problems in the universeŠthe problem of salvation from sin, and of eternal life for those who have become subject to death. Christian citizenship has to do with far greater and higher things than the best organization of city governments, arbi-tration between capital and labor, and the regulation of public baths, parks, schools, and streets. Christian citizen-ship is not a matter of regulating cau-cuses and elections in such a manner as  to diminish the power of the ward boss; it is the pitting on of the whole armor of God in order to withstand the power and the wiles of "your adversary the devil." "For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against wicked spirits in high places." If the Christian Endeavor Society de-sires to devote itself to the work of re-forming and improving political affairs, well and good, but let not this work be known as Christian citizenship work. Let it simply be known as work in behalf of good and better citizenship. We are led to believe that the reason why these efforts by religious organizations for po-litical reform are called Christian citi-zenship movements is because they in-volve things that are not compatible with good citizenship and that give no prom-ise of better citizenship. This so-called Christian citizenship embraces certain aims and certain purposes that dis-tinguish it from plain, ordinary citizen-ship in which sinners and saints, men of all beliefs and of none, are concerned. Features are introduced which are out-side of and beyond the province of good citizenship, and in which those who push them are interested because of the rela-tion and connection that they believe they have to heaven and the future life. Now these religious societies which claim to be engaged in the work of Christian citizenship must do one of two things : they must either confine them-selves to the Christian citizenship which has to do with the King and the country above, or else they must confine them-selves strictly to the citizenship of this world. And in the latter case should of course cease to call this work by its wrong name, Christian citizenship, but 