illne Segnakieg or CHELSTIATil as:0m' Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. We believe in the religion taught and lived by-Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance,and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that theAindissolu bly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cordin e t' the dictates of his own conscience, free from all ablation, interlerenc Ł, or control on the Part of civil government or any other extern:, authority; or not to worship at all if he nr chooses. We talsa believe it to he ourduty, and no loss the duty fall others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the Inestima file blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per year  " six months  ' " three months  To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  CLUBBING RATE. $1.00 .5o .25 1.5o per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .70 Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by Y. 0. Money Order, Express Money Order or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street,. New York City ONE subscriber says: " We have examined the copy of the March 12 SENTINEL which came yesterday, and like it very much." IF your subscription expired with the last March issue, have you renewed yet? If not, no more copies will be mailed you until re-newal is received. Ł SEVERAL orders for L000 copies of the " Love of Power and Power of Love " number of the THE SENTINEL were received. The largest order came from Rutland, Vt., and was for i,ioo copies. ABOUT one dozen of those sixty-seven Bibles recently advertised in THE SENTINEL is all that is left. If you have not received a copy and wish one you had better order right away. $1.5o is the price. Ł:, LAST week's SENTINEL iS what might be termed a supplement to our "Love of Power and Power of Love " number. A few extra copies were printed and any one desiring to use them can purchase a supply at the same rates as advertised for our March 12 number. Ł FOREIGN subscribers should watch their date label and renew without receiving a reminder from us, as we do not make a custom of sending expiration notifications to foreign subscribers. To avoid the possibility of miss-ing any copies renewal should be sent at least one month before the subscription ex-pires. The articles now appearing in THE SENTINEL under the heading, "The Supremacy of the Pa-pacy," should have a wide readingŠvery much wider than they will have if read only by the regular readers of the paper. Will you not assist to increase the number of the readers of the paper just now? 