7177Di  oamell OF CHRESTBAH ISZERTY Vol.. XVIII  NEW YORK, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1903  o. 36 Not a Question of Majorities BE  W. A. Colcord They are slaves who fear to speak For the fallen and the weak; They are slaves who will not choose Hatred, scoffing, and abuse, Rather than in silence shrink From the truth they needs must think; They are slaves who dare not be In the right with two or three. ÑJames Russell Lowell. T is a commonly heard expression that " the majority must rule." This, however, is not a principle for universal and unlimited application, else there can be no such thing as individual rights. There must be a limit to the right of the majority to rule. Majorities may have unlimited power, but they do not possess unlimited rights. The right to absolute, arbitrary power over the lives, liberty, and conduct of men exists nowhere in civil society, not even in the largest ma-jority. The majority have a right to rule in those things concerning which they have a right to legislate, but not otherwise. The true principle of civil government recog-nizes in the majority no authority over the minority except in civil thingsÑin mat-ters relating to the conduct of men toward their fellowmen. The state, being a civil and not a religious institution, has no right to legislate in religious things, and therefore has no right to rule in religious affairs. Religion is not within its pur-view. It should recognize in every in- p dividual the right to chose his own re- ligion, and to enjoy it freely without mo-lestation. The proper object of govern-ment is to protect all persons in the en-joyment of their rights, both civil and re-ligious, and not to determine for any what their religious faith and practise shall be. If the principle be admitted that the majority have a right to rule by civil power in religious things, then Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego ought to have bowed down to Nebuchadnezzar's golden image, and Daniel to have ceased to pray to the God of heaven, for these were the decisions of the majority in these mat-ters ;¥ the apostles likewise ought to have ceased to preach and teach in the name of Jesus, for the majority were opposed to it; and the Christians who go to heathen lands to-day should conform to the re-ligious customs and practises of those lands. But the principle is false. In matters of conscience the majority can of right have no power. ¥ Religious right is not a question of majorities against minorities, for if the conscience of the majority is to 