136 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the evils of a Sabbath given to licentiousness and sin. Pages 284-289. This fact is farther shown in an article in The Defender (October, 1901), the organ of the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Protective League, by Rev. W. F. Berry, Secretary of the Maine Civic League, which says : We are again in the midst of the vacation season. The grasp of greed and selfish pleas-ure-seeking is upon us. It tightens, is more dominant each year. Under its sway general public rights, individual rights, carefully guarded by law, are ignored and outraged. The six week days are all too few to satisfy their demands. The general cessation of in-dustrial toil on Sunday makes it a specially favorable day for greed and selfish pleasure. They eagerly seize it, and crowd it with every amusement that promises to serve their ends. They rob the day of its blessings and make it largely a physical, moral, and, as a result, a civic curse. Men and women return to their toil on Monday with a physical system de-pressed below its Saturday level, and with a lighter regard for the law both of God and man. Many other quotations might be made in proof of what has been stated, but enough is given to show that Sunday laws prohibiting labor on Sunday create a condition which is unfavorable for mo-rality. The old adage is still as true in this case as in all, that " Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do." Sunday Laws are not Necessary for a Proper Observance of the Day by Those Who Wish to Observe It In " The Sabbath for Man," a book published by Dr. Crafts, in answer to a question sent out, " Where have you seen the best Sabbath observance ? " a San Francisco clergyman responds : " Among the Christian people of California," where they have no Sunday laws. Another statement in the. same book is : " Both laymen and ministers say that even in California the Sabbath is, on the whole, better observed,and Christian services bet-ter attended, than five years ago." " Five years ago " at that time was three years before the repeal of the California Sun-day law. Showing conclusively that Sun-day laws are not necessary for a proper observance of the day. God designed the Sabbath to be a free-will recognition of his authority over the conscience, and therefore a sign of those people who truly worship God. The Bible says : " It is a sign between me and youŠthat ye may know that I am the Lord which doth sanctify you." Sab-bath observance enforced by law ceases to be a sign of the true worshiper of God, and becomes a sign of the slavish sub-mission of the soul to the State. If,, as has been claimed, it is necessary to have a " civil Sabbath in the interests of humanity," a simple law requiring em-ployers to give their employees a release from labor on one day in ,seven (not an enforced cessation from all labor and amusement) would meet every specifica-tion of a civil Sabbath, and every possible requirement of humanity, and would in-fringe upon no one's rights. To go beyond this in the interests of religion would be a plain violation of the provi-sion in the Declaration of Rights of the State. The only proper relation of the State to religion is to protect every man in all of his religious observances so far as he does not infringe upon the equal rights of his neighbor, but never to enforce the observance of a religious institution, or the acknowledgment of any religious doctrine, rite, or tenet, whatever. " There is a deep, underlying principle in this matter of making a distinction be-tween Sunday and other days of the week. This distinction would not be made but  for the fact that many people regard the day as a holy day. There are those who, without any special reference to religious considerations, from business and other 