A MASSACHUSETTS SOLICITOR ON THE SUNDAY LAW 475 sport, play or public diversion was included within the terms of the statute. Statute Harmonious with Times when Quakers Were HangedŠEnforcement Would Revolu-tionize Present Observance of Sunday As regards violations of this portion of the statute, if the act is to be construed and en-forced literally it will revolutionize the pres-ent observance of the Sabbath day. Before the omission of the word " recreation " from the statute a man committed a criminal offense who read a book other than a religious one upon the Lord's day; likewise if he smoked, or indulged in any other form of recreation. By the omission of the word " recreation," however, the extreme severity of the law was mitigated. The statute, nevertheless, if lit-erally construed, is still harmonious with those times when under contemporaneous laws four Quakers were hanged on Boston Com-mon; but it is somewhat out of joint with the ideas of the year 19°3. The word " sport " is found embodied in it at its inception, and it still retains its place. It has a wider mean-ing than the word " game," and has evidently been kept in the statute in order to include everything in the nature of sport which does not fall within the meaning of the word " game " or " play." Its meaning must be ob-vious, and if the statute is to be literally con-strued, the regularity, frequency and openness with which it is everywhere violated must be equally obvious. Skating is one of our rec-ognized winter sports, and is practised during the winter on all our ponds upon the Sabbath day. Of the many bicyclists who pass through our city on the Lord's day probably not one in fifty is a traveler, the others being out merely for a day's sport. Of the large num-ber of automobilists who on the Sabbath day occupy our streets, probably a large majority are not travelers, but are merely out for a day's sport. Yachting is a summer sport, and so likewise are rowing and canoeing; and they are all practised of a Sunday upon the Mystic Lakes. It may even be open to argu-ment that driving for pleasure is a sport. The latter is certainly a greater violation of the ten commandments than the other forms of di-version above set forth, for in addition to the pleasure of those who are driving it neces-sitates work by the horse pulling the carriage and also by the manservant who harnesses the horse. As to yachting, boating and driving, Rev. Laws, c. 98 s. 3, excepts from the pro- hibition of the law the " letting of horses and carriages and of yachts and boats " upon the Sabbath day, and this in my opinion makes it legal also to use a horse, carriage, yacht, or boat which has been hired. But the statute does not except the right by the owners to use their own private horses, carriages, yachts, or boats when these are used for other pur-poses than simply of travel. This on its face is an absurdity, but it is no more absurd than many other provisions of the law, some of which I have already pointed out. The stat-ute controls. And at all events it can be said in favor of the statute that in most cases Sun-day affords the only opportunity for those who must hire, while those who own are usual-ly in such circumstances that the use of these private luxuries can be indulged in during the other days of the week. Statute Now Dead if Literally Construed It can readily be seen, therefore, from the above statement of the law both as to labor and sport, that if it is to be literally construed and rigidly enforced the police can find hundreds of violations occurring openly and regularly upon every Sabbath day. At about the same time as the original enactment of this statute there was another law passed making it a crim-inal offense to travel upon the Lord's day. The latter statute was not repealed until 1887, al-though for years prior to its repeal it was never enforced. Another statute which for years prior to its repeal likewise remained a dead letter was one by which the statutory provisions relating to the Lord's day applied also to Saturday night, this statute also not being repealed until 1887. The present statute if construed literally seems to be as dead as were the latter two. Partial Enforcement Is Persecution The common council has requested your honor to require the chief of police to ascer-tain whether the Sabbath laws are broken by the golf players of this city, and if so to take measures to stop the violation. . . . I have therefore considered this question with the de-sire as far as possible to carry out the wishes of the council. One great difficulty, how-ever, meets me at the outset. The resolve singles out from all the people of the city those citizens who practise the recreation of golf and requests you to attack' them alone. I cannot believe that the council upon sober second thought would desire your honor to pursue such a course; and if they should I 