740 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY outside of its proper sphere when it goes beyond "providing the simplest, most elementary hind of education for those children who would otherwise be neglected"? Should the system of edu-cation supported by public taxation "go further than the. merely elemen-tary instruction necessary to save the state from the perils of an ignorant and illiterate electorate"? Which is best for free institutions, the public educa-tional system as now constituted, or as it would be constituted when remod-eled in the interests cL religious teach-ing? Is the present public school sys-tem a menace to or safeguard of the republic? Are the home and the church insufficient for the work of the religious training of the youngŠis it impossible for them to do this work without as-sistance? Should those who do not care to, or refuse to, make use of the public educational system in educating their children be exempt from the gen-eral tax levied to support the system, or should they be allowed to divert or assign their proportion of such tax to schools of their own selection apart from the public system/ Is religion the only true and safe basis for educa-tion for both society and the individ-ual? Is religion really an essential or even a legitimate part of education? Is religion really essential to or any legiti-mate part of morality? Is religion es-sential to social welfare? Is not re-ligion, so far as it implies supernatural authority through Divine revelation, an outgrown superstition? What author-ity is there in reason for the religious dogmas which constitute the basis and substance of the religious teaching de-sired? etc., etc. We shall not under-take to answer these questions now, or perhaps at any other time, but next week we shall call attention to some-thing that is fundamental to this whole matter that will answer most of them. "Thanksgiving" by "Thanksgiving day" Official Direction is here again, and Again once again the Presi- dent and the governors a States have performed the annual religious office which, in spite of the fundamental American doctrine of complete separa-tion of church and state, seems to be a fixed and practically unquestioned function of the Presidential and guber-natorial offices. At the opening of his proclamation this year the President states that "according to the custom of our people, it falls upon the Presi-dent to appoint a day of prayer and thanksgiving to God," and in conclu-sion, in official form, he designates "as a day of general thanksgiving Thurs-day, the 26th of November," and re-commends "that throughout the land the people cease from their wonted oc-cupations, and in their several homes and places of worship render thanks unto Almighty God for His manifold mercies." In his capacity as President he informs the people that "during the last year the Lord has dealt bounti-fully with" them, and tells them that it behooves them "not only to rejoice greatly because of what has been given" them, "but to accept it with a solemn sense of responsibility, realizing that under Heaven," etc. One para-graph is a sort of formula for "thank-ing God" and prayer to Him on this occasion. However, if such documents are to be issued by Presidents, it is well that they should be given the tone which the individuality of President Roosevelt has imparted to this one. It is well that the duty of worthy living and the need of having "our hearts roused to war steadfastly against all the forces of evil, public and private," should be impressed. And in view of unmistakable tendencies that are at work in the national life, and that have manifested themselves strikingly in re- 