268 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY in the nature of cherubim, seraphim, an-gels, and men. As soon as the man was created, the first of all the command-ments was there, even though there had been no other creature in the universe. And as soon as the woman was created, these two great commandments were there. And there was none other com-mandment greater than these. Now, if these two great command-ments had been observed by man on the earth, that is, had man never sinned, there always would have been perfect and supreme religion; and there never would have been a state. God would al-ways have been by every one recognized as the only Ruler, His law as the only law, His authority as the only authority. There would have been government, but only the government of God. There would have been society, but only the so-ciety of saints. But there would have been, and could have been, no state. There would have been society, but no state. Because, men loving God with all the heart, and all the soul, and all the mind, and all the strength, and their neighbors as themselves, the will of God would have been done on earth even as in heaven. All would have been one united, harmonious, happy, holy family. There is an essential distinction be-tween society and the state. "Society is the union which exists be-tween men, without distinction of fron-tiersŠwithout exterior restraintŠand for the sole reason that they are men. "The civil society or state is an assem-blage of men subject to a common au-thority, to common laws,Šthat is to say, a society whose members may be con-strained by public force to respect their reciprocal rights. Two necessary ele-ments enter into the idea of the state: laws and force."ŠIanet, Elements of Morals, p. 143. This distinction, however, though clear and easily evident, is seldom recog-nized. Indeed, it is not recognized at all by those who are anxious to secure the union of religion and the state. But men did not observe these two "first of all the commandments." They would not love God with all their heart ; they would not love their neighbors as themselves. They rejected God as their only ruler, their only sovereign, and be-came ambitious to rule over one another. And thus originated politics and the state. The Scripture outlines the story of this : "When they knew God, they glori-fied Him not as God, neither were thank-ful, but became vain in their imagina-tions, and their foolish heart was dark-ened. Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools, and changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and to four-footed beasts, and creeping things." "And evo as they did not like to retain God in their knowl-edge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind." Rom. I : 21-25, 28. Note that at the first men did know God. But they chose not to glorify Him, not to honor Him, not to give Him the first place in all their thoughts and ac-tions. Knowing God, they did not like to retain Him in their knowledge. The next step was that they became vain in their own imaginations. They professed themselves to be wise, of them-selves. The consequence was that they bcame fools; and their foolish heart was darkened. In their vain imaginations. they made gods of their own. And then to assist themselves in their worship, they made images of the gods which they had imag-ined. The image was always the outward, 