296 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. power, the beast will surely win in us, and the spirit be cast out. But thank God, "The law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus, makes us free from the law of sin and death." When we resign ourselves to the Higher Power, we are "born from above," "born of God," "born of the spirit," born of love. Love thus is en-throned supreme within, and we are acknowledged members of the spiritual kingdom. Jesus said, "Ex-cept a man be born from above, born of the spirit, he can not see, he can not enter the kingdom of God." By this birth, love becomes supreme, the beast power, the flesh is cast out and crucified until Christ, or love, becomes all and in all. CALLED TO FACE THE QUESTION. Every man must make his choice. Jesus made his choice. Satan offered him all the kingdoms of this world and the glory of them if he would fall down and worship him. This was no idle imagination. Once the people tried to take him by force and make him king, but he eluded them and went his way. The political circumstances of the times were such that if Jesus would have but been untrue to the principles of the divine kingdom, if he would have but yielded himself to this world's methods and plans, the methods and plans of force, in other words, if he would only worship Satan the beast power, instead of God the love power, he might have been king of this world. In this temp-tation, Satan simply made this fact plain to him. Jesus stood at the parting of the ways. On the one hand was the way of sacrifice and suffering and crucifixion in this world, with an eternal crown beyond in the spiritual kingdom of love. On the other hand was the way of earthly ambition, honor, and glory; the way of an earthly crown which however great, could be but temporal, since faith saw in the great future, all king-dom and dominion given to love. Jesus chose the way of the cross, and went about preaching the kingdom of sacrifice and love. It was the choice between the beast and the spirit. Every man, we repeat, has to make the same choice, and how many choose wrong. Not only does every individual have to make this choice, but the organic church has to make this choice in every age, and often has she chosen wrong. Pagan-ism originated in this way. The external church, the visible, humanly organized church, made its choice, and chose wrong. Paganism is the religion of deception and force, it is the religion that dethrones the divine and ex-alts the human, or, in other words, that worships the beast. Its appeal is to the sensuous, the lustful, the bru-tal nature. In every land, its chief characteristic was sun worship with its indescribable carnival of lust, and in all these lands its chief festival and its designating mark was the sun-festival, or the sunday. From all this iniquity of the visible church, God's true children  had to individually separate themselves and come out. It was here than God's spirit, the spirit of love, led Abraham out, and made him the father of the faithful. The church in the fourth century of this era had to make the same momentous decision, and, sad to relate, here too the visible, the humanly orzanized church, chose wrong. Before her, as before Jesus, were two ways. If she held high the standard of Christ, and re-mained true to the law of his kingdom which is the rule of love only, she saw before her in this world only sacrifice and service and persecution. She must, as the Lord said, take up her cross and deny herself daily and follow him. By doing this she would truly repre-sent on earth the kingdom of love, and have as her reward a part in that eternal kingdom when it is fully set up. On the other hand, if she lowered the standard to suit the pagans around her, if she deserted the heav-enly principle of the divine kingdom, the principle of love only, and stooped to intrigue, and to use force as a worldly power, she saw before her worldly honor, and power, and the throne of earthly empire. The tempta-tion was too great. She lowered the standard. As Gavazzi says, "A pagan flood, flowing into the church, carried with it its customs, practices, and idols." By reason of this transgression, a host was given him against the true worship, which is ever a "daily sacri-fice." The beast power triumphed, and the visible church was transformed from the kingdom of love ruling the heart by loving service, to a kingdom of force compelling mankind, and kinging and unkinging men at pleasure. This exaltation of the church, how-ever, was its disgrace. "For whosoever exalteth him-self, shall be abased, and who so humbleth himself shall be exalted." Again the true church had to individually come out, and to flee into the wilderness and into the fastnesses of the mountains, where "the earth helped the woman," and where the pure gospel was main-tained in spite of the power of the papacy. When thus transformed, the Bible calls the ecclesiastical power of the papal church "the beast," and by the symbol used it shows its unity with the beast power through all the ages. How well she deserved this title, the historian Draper well shows when he calls her "the greatest in-carnation of brute force the world has ever seen." GOD SEEKS ONLY HEART SERVICE. The churches of the Reformation are to-day being called upon to face this same great question, Shall it be love ? or force ? the spirit ? or the beast ? Shall it be the way of the cross ? or the way of an earthly crown ? And with grief of heart, here too must we relate that the visible church is choosing wrong. She is forgetting that the true power of the church is the power of love only. She is forgetting that her Lord denied to her the sword of earthly dominion. She is 