716 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY And what is licentiousness in its most unlimited sense but unrestrained lib-erty, and in its more qualified and com-mon acceptation, the abuse or excess of rational liberty ? And what can be a greater abuse of "the benevolent prin-ciples of rational liberty" than when one denomination of religious secta-rians, no wiser, no better and no more honest than their neighbors, invades the religious rights and domineers over the consciences of their fellowmen? What is more immoral . or licentious than that act of "spiritual oppression and intolerance" which, under the pre-tense of "suppresing immorality," forces one portion of the community to conform to religious tenets they neither profess nor believe ? What act more unjust, cruel and licentious than that which, by depriving men of their prop-erty and scourging then by imprison-ment, compels them against their con-sciences to conform to. the religious creeds of others, which they conscien-tiously believe to be untrue ? What act more inquisitorial than that which vests justices of the peace and courts of law with ecclesiastical jurisdiction, giving them authority to inquire into the religious creeds of men, to know "of what sort they are," to judge if they are orthodox according to the stat-ute, whether or not they live in accord-ance with their own religious tenets, and to punish them if they cannot prove that they keep a stated day as "holy time" on which to worship God, and unless they can prove a negative, that they do no work on their own sab-bath day ! The law under considera-tion authorizes and justifies all these unrighteous proceedings; and if such are not the very acts which the con-stitution interdicts as oppressive and intolerant, if they are not such acts of licentiousness which the constitution dedlares the liberty of conscience  thereby granted shall not be so con-strued as to excuse, language is desti-tute of meaning and written constitu-tions empty nonsense ; and worse than nonsense, when perverted by construc-tion and made to justify the very wrongs its plainest sense forbids.* After.  attempting and failing to sus-tain the law in question on the ground of religion and morality it would savor much of subterfuge to allege that it is intended merely as a civil regulation, and not to favor or support any partic-ular religious sectarian tenets. This is not the truth, and to prove it so I must repeat arguments which more than once have been used in the course of my remarks on the subject under con-sideration. The law, as has before been observed, interdicts labor, etc., on the first-day sabbath as immoral; which immorality, however, is allowed to be practised by all who keep the seventh day as "holy time." Now, if it was merely intended as a civil regulation, why exempt any one frorii conforming to it? And why exempt any on the condition that they keep the seventh day as "holy time"? This law most assuredly was intended to effect some object. It would excite a smile to hear it asserted that its ob-ject was to oblige those to keep Sunday as a sabbath who conscientiously and religiously believe in the divine appoint-of that day as such! The antithesis of the proposition then is irresistible and must be admitted, land us where it will; viz, that the object of the law, concurring with its obvious meaning, its express provisions and its practical operation, is to oblige those to keep Sunday as a religious sabbath who do *This argument applies in other States as well as in New York, for there is perhaps no Ameri-can State that has a Sunday law that does not also have in its constitutional guarantee of relig-ious freedom a provision like that upon which this argument is made.Š EDITOR. 