448 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY convention consisting chiefly of clergy-men and ecclesiastics, assembled purpose-ly to suppress religious dissent, has ut-tered such sentiments on religious liberty and tolerance. Although such utterances come very near being crimes in Russia, it seems that the only thing that is being done to counteract the influence of the address is the publication of pamphlet replies, or attempted replies, for the ar-guments are said to be exceedingly weak, by some of the church bishops. "If a generation ago the United States Government," says the Chicago Israelite, "had given official recognition to the See of Rome, the entire Protestant church of this country would have protested with loud lamentation. Time and the spread of toleration has, however, modified the antagonism between the two great branches of Christianity, and to-day the red of the "Scarlet Woman" no longer appears of so deep a dye as in the past. Hence the appointment of an American commission to Rome to confer with the Pope in regard to the settlement of mat-ters concerning the Catholics of the Phil-ippines, has scarcely caused a ripple upon the surface of Protestant susceptibilities. Who knows what the next generation may witness ? Perhaps a minister pleni-potentiary or even an ambassador may represent this country at the VaticanŠat least, some of the Catholic papers are hinting at such a possibility." We hope the Israelite does not look upon the disposition to accept as fitting and proper the official recognition of the See of Rome by the Government as an indication of true tolerance. Does not all this rather suggest that there is some-thing seriously the matter with Protes-tantism, and that the Papacy is making considerable headway in this country in  her old policy of insinuating herself into-the affairs of government? A reporter of the New York Sun, who-has been investigating "society" with reference to the matter, finds "a wide-difference between the Sunday of a dozen. years ago and that of to-day," and pre-dicts that there are to be "no more blue Sundays." In New York society "the social importance of Sunday was first brought to notice a few winters ago when dinners at the fashionable hotels became a custom. People grew weary of the quiet of the afternoons devoid of the usual calling, shopping, or business ac-tivity, and they flocked to the gayly-lit dining rooms for the evening meal. Then calling in the afternoon between 4 and 6-became popular, and now it is quite cus-tomary to entertain with tea and music on this afternoon as on the others of the week." It is said that well-known clergy-men are now content if the people will only attend church in the morning, and "no longer frown upon Sunday enter-taining, golf and other out-door sports" in the afternoon. No doubt this is the drift of things in "society," but so far as legislation is concerned there is very little to indicate that "blue Sundays" are a thing of the past. He who engages in common labor on Sunday, or carries on some little store or business for the sup-port of himself and family, is likely to-find the day "blue" for some time to,  come. The manager of the Duluth, Minn., baseball team has announced that the club. will be disbanded as the result of the-action of the Civic Federation, which,. with Rev. H. W. Knowles, Methodist preacher and State chaplain, at its head,. has issued notice that all persons play-ing ball on Sundays will be vigorously 