7The SemffEeil Oo CE2112711AR1 L11LERTY VOL. XIX WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, JANUARY 21, 1904 No. 3     Why Not Base Op- It is a source of position Upon Fundamental gratification to all Ground? who stand for right and justice in the matter of Sunday laws and their enforcement that the great newspaper of which George W. Childs was the editor and proprietor for thirty years maintains and has maintained throughout so decided and outspoken opposition to the Sunday-enforcement crusade that has been car-ried on for some time in the city where it is publishedŠthat it has not per-mitted Ł conventionality or false senti-ment to Łwithhold it from speaking plainly, positively and truly of the un-righteous work of "law" enforcement that has been advocated and prose-cuted by leading "Christian" clergy-men of the community with the ena-bling sanction of a, statute of the State. It is the custom of the religious gen-tlemen who engage in the work of Sunday enforcement to attempt to dis-credit their opponents in the matter by freely representing and denouncing them as enemies of law and order. It is therefore gratifying that in this case these gentlemen have encountered the principal opposition from a source which prevented the wicked cry of "lawlessness" and "anarchy" from having the force which it sometimes appears to have when the opposition comes from other and more obscure sources. The standing of the Philadel-phia Public Ledger is such that its an-tagonism to the Sunday-enforcement crusade cannot be discredited by shout- ing "lawlessness" and "anarchy," even when the shouting is done by "Christian" clergymen. The public knows where it stands with respect to the civic and moral welfare of the com-munity. Of course the religious gen-tlemen who have prosecuted and sup-ported the Sunday-enforcement cru-sade have not failed to intimate that it is sympathizing with and championing "lawlessness" and "anarchy" in the matter, but even they have had to con-fess in the same connection that the Public Ledger is a newspaper of the very best character and influence and one exceptionally devoted to the pro-motion of the highest civic interests of the community. So it is gratifying that those "Christian" clergymen of Phil-adelphia who have engaged in it have had to face the decided opposition of the Public Ledger in the work of Sun-day enforcement. This paper has re-cently made a statement of the ground of its opposition in this matter, which we present elsewhere. It is worthy of careful reading and thought. While the single point which the Public Ledger has chosen to make the sole ground of its antagonism to the Sunday-law cru-sade is amply sufficient under the cir-cumstances to condemn that crusade and to justify its attitude toward it and its promoters, it seems to us strange that it should limit its ground of opposition to this one point. We are certain that among the other points so well suggested by it as possible grounds of opposition are some just 