An Indictment of New. York's Sunday Law* VI T0 pretend, as some have done, that the carrying on of business, pur-suing ordinary avocations, or the taking of innocent recreation by a part of the community, is a disturbance of others in their religious exercise and worship is taking a ground which every week's, my";  almoit every day's, experience proves fallacious. Meetings are held and religious worship performed on other days (and nights) than Sunday, during the bustle of every kind of business and amusement ; yet none were ever found so weak as to call it a dis-turbance of them in "the free exercise and enjoyment of their religious pro-fession and worship." No one ever thought that the usual avocations of some ought to be suspended because others chose to shut up shop and go to church. It would be a libel on the in-tellect and common sense to contend ŁSeventy-seven years ago there was published in New York a pamphlet, a transcript of the title page of which is as follows : " The People's Rights Reclaimed ; being An Exposition of the Unconstitutionality of the Law of the State of New York Compelling the Observance of a Re-ligious Sabbath Day, and Erroneously Entitled ' An Act for Suppressing Immorality,' Passed March 13th, 1813. Addressed to the People of the State of New York. New York, 1826. A. Spooner, Printer, Brooklyn." Its publication was called forth by the revision of the State laws then taking place and certain attempts that had been made " to effect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws." Although the excuse for New York's Sunday leg-islation has been somewhat changed since then, it being now professedly for the prevention of " crimes against religious liberty and conscience " (although still coming under the general heading of " crimes against public decency and good morals "), whereas then it was " for suppressing immorality," it remains the same in principle, object, and effect, and the masterly and unan-swerable indictment of the law as it then was made by the unknown author of the above pam-phlet is still a masterly and unanswerable indict-ment of the law as it now is, and incidentally of all other Sunday legislation. The widespread disposition now manifested to uphold and to affect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws " makes the matter in this pamphlet very pertinent to-day, and hence we are publishing it in full in THE . I 'ILL.ŠEDITOR. that useful labor, innocent in itself and necessary to the support and preserva-tion of helpless human offspring, can be transformed into immorality or li-centiousness by the (immaterial) cir-cumstance of its being performed by some at a time when others choose to lay aside their work and go to prayer, sing a psalm, or hear a sermon. Yet, as absurd as this position is, it must be admitted before the labor of some on Sunday can with any color of con-sistency be called a disturbance of others in the "exercise and enjoyment of their religious profession and wor-ship."* And were it admitted to be tenable, who then could deny the right of our legislature to prohibit business and amusement on Christmas or other high mass day, Good Friday, fast or thanksgiving, or any other day on which a part of the community are bound by their particular sectarian tenets to offer prayer and praise to God? This conceded, what but the want of political power could then pre-vent our Methodist brethren, who are. as honest and sincere as other people, from interdicting useful labor and in-nocent recreation throughout the State as being immoral or a disturbance of them in their devotions during the days of their camp-meeting exercises? And who then could have the heart to deny good Saint Nicolaus his equal right to claim for Paus and Pinxter like re-spect? And so we might go on, till instead of "six days" in the week there would scarcely be left to man one day in all the year on which to do his work. I am aware of the grpund taken on this subject by the advocates of the first-day sabbath, viz. ; that "the work of salvation was greater than the work *This position is the basis of New York's Sun-day law to-day.Š EDITOR. Ł Ł 