EDITORIAL 371 wealth of the world will be shared in common and all the material necessities of life will be unfailingly insured to every individual. And this beautiful ideal has been taken up and is being pro-claimed by those who are not themselves especially concerned with industrial and economic matters, but who see in this a continued working out and a crowning culmination of the theory, which they so fondly hold, of the ever upward progress and final perfection of human society. Thus there is much being said and much being written with regard to the economic and industrial phases of so-ciety past, present and future. The question is, What does it signify? Does it mean all that it is said to mean? There can be no doubt that the subject is an important one, and that it is becoming more so all the time. And there can be no doubt that much that is said and predicted is true. Great changes are needed ; something should be done, and something will be done. But will the perfect society come? No such thing ever has been known, except in the books, and there is nothing more to-day than there ever has been to trans-fer it from the books into actual prac-tise. But the cry of those who proclaim this is, "Have faith! Believe ! So that the impossible may be made possible !" And they boldly declare that the thing that never has been done is what human-ity is always most ready and most able to do, and because a thing never has been done is the very reason why nothing else but it should be done! This is certainly not an ignoble attitude, but neither is it a new attitude among men. It is no doubt due to this attitude that men have accomplished whatever they have in the betterment of their condition both indi-vidually and collectively. As to what might yet be accomplished by more en-deavor we cannot say. Certainly where- ever hardship, injustice, and oppression exist there is a call for something to be done, and it is the duty of those who be-lieve that there is a way within reach by which the evils can be lessened or abol-ished to do their utmost in that direction. But in this whole matter of economic discussion and unrest, or rather in that which gives rise to itŠthe rapid accumu-lation of great wealth by the few and the economic insecurity and unrest of the manyŠwe see something else. There is a certain old Book, not studied much in these times, or if studied, not regarded as meaning anything in particular, and certainly not supposed to have any ref-erence or application to social develop-ments in these times so far removed from the times of its writing, that has a great deal to say of a mighty event that is sometime to cut short all the affairs of the world. It is spoken of in one place as "the great and dreadful day of the Lord," and in many places as "the end of the world," when "the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the ele-ments shall melt with fervent heat." This book is, of course, the Bible, and perhaps there is no one subject on which it has more to say than this very event just mentioned. It points out many signs and speaks of what shall be "in the last days"Šthe time just preceding this event. And one of the things which it makes especially prominent as being characteristic of that time is the eco-nomic inequality among men. It speaks of the "rich men," and of their accumu-lated treasures of gold and silver which they have heaped together "for the last days." It tells of the pleasure and wan-tonness in which they have dwelt on the earth. And right beside this the other portion of the picture is presented. There are the laborers who have reaped and wrought for the owners of the soil, and who have been defrauded of their just 