202 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY and generous philanthropists. In New York, for example, we have the beautiful Museum of Art and the great Museum of Natural His-tory. But how many of the thousands of the poor on the East Side of New York can bene-fit from these great, free and elevating shows on Sunday? Take the ordinary resident of the East Side, with a wife and several children. How can he even dream of spending a dollar or more of car fare for his family's trans-portation to and from the Art Museum or other place of an elevating character? I think the owners of street railway systems in our large cities, or some far-seeing philanthropists, should be the means of bringing the masses and the free institutions together by, in the first case, carrying the people at a reduced rate to these institutions on Sunday. The carrying out of these suggestions would be most certainly to the benefit of -the " toiling masses " in the cities, and would in an excellent way be using Sun-day for the very purpose for which the 'champions of Sunday legislation and en-forcement claim to be working. But do the Sunday-enforcement clergymen jump at such suggestions? Yes, they jump to prevent their being carried into effect. An illustration of this has been af-forded recently in New York, where what may be called the mildest of Mrs. Stanton's suggestions has been partially 'carried out. The board of education has during the present winter instituted Sun-day afternoon concerts in the public school buildings, or at least in one public school building. No sooner were these concerts begun than representatives of the New York Presbytery and of the American Sabbath (Sunday) Union be-gan an agitation against them, on the ground that " the tendency of the de-parture will be to secularize the Sab-bath.-  They found a friend in Superin-tendent of Schools Maxwell, who " ex-pressed himself as in agreement with the main contentions of the opponents," hold-ing that " the opening of the schools on Sunday afternoon is an invasion into the field belonging to the church and Sunday  school," and that " the effect of these concerts will be to diminish attendance at the churches and Sunday schools." The attitude of the Superintendent was applauded on the ground that. it was " in the conservation of morals and religion." After a few weeks of agitation the op-ponents of the Sunday entertainments seemed to cease their opposition, at least the public heard nothing more from them. But evidently they were not idle with regard to the matter. About six weeks passed, and then on March 9, at its regular monthly meeting, the New York Presby-tery discussed, and authorized its " Sab-bath " representative, " Colonel A. P. Ketchum," to present to the Board of Ed-ucation, " a memorial against the Sunday opening of the public schools for enter- Ł tainments." And a few days later the papers published this news regarding the - matter : A committee of prominent ministers and laymen has been formed to oppose the action taken by the Board of Education in allowing the opening of public schools on Sunday for lectures or amusements. The Methodist and Baptist meetings, held yesterday, and the New York Presbytery, have endorsed the protest. The resolutions, which have been framed by the committee and which will be forwarded to the Board of Education next week, have already been signed by scores of pastors. The Rev. Dr. W. R. Huntington, rector of Grace Church, is the chairman of the committee. Other denominations are represented by the following ministers: the Rev. Dr. Israel Wis-tar Hathaway, Col. Alexander P. Ketchum and the' Rev. Dr. David G. Wylie, Presby-terians; the Rev. J. D. Steele, Reform Pres-byterian; the Rev. Dr. R. S. McArthur and the Rev. Dr Campbell, Baptist; the Rev. Dr. A. B. Sanford, the Rev. Dr. J. 0. Wilson and the Rev. Dr. W. F. Anderson, Methodist; the Rev. Dr. D. J. Burrell and the Rev. Dr. Fagg, Dutch Reform. The contention of the ministers is that the opening of the schools on Sunday is in defiance of the Sunday law. Dr. Burrell said yesterday that the general belief among the clergy was that the opening of the schools for lectures and instructive entertainments was merely a wedge to gain entrance there for amusements which were not 