THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 283 1 NEWS, NOTES RND COMMENT v-1111IIVYMYYTWITYYTTIVITY1111111111111/11111111111IITTIMITYTTITYffITTIT174- An organization assuming the title of the "Union Good Citizenship" has been busy for some time trying to enforce Sunday laws, in York, Pa. Notice was given to all business men in the city, about two months ago, to close their places of business on Sunday. The newsdealers sold their Sunday papers as they did be-fore, and were arrested and fined four dollars and costs each. But the people agreed to pay them one cent extra per copy so they could pay their fines. The subject is discussed rather excitedly, and the Good Citizenship Committee is said to be somewhat disap-pointed in the results of their efforts. A recent telegram from London tells of the Bu-bonic plague at Mauritius, Bombay, Calcutta, Port Said, Teheran, Manila, Hong Kong, Melbourne, Syd-ney, Noume, Brisbane, Perth and Aukland ; also in Buenos Ayres, where the disease has been raging since the middle of March. To this list should be added Honolulu. * * * May 2, the Methodist Episcopal General Confer-ence, in session in this city, adopted "equal representa-tion," which means that hereafter the Conference will be composed of an equal number of laymen and min-isters. This is a step in the right direction. Minis-ters are not "lords over God's heritage," or should not be. r* * It is stated that John D. Rockefeller's income from Standard Oil stocks since January 5 of the present year, has been $24,000,000. This seems almost in-credible. It is certainly suggestive of James 5 :3, R. V., "Ye have laid up your treasure in the last days." Advices from Manila state that among recent or-ders issued by Major-General Otis was one abolishing the priests' exemption from trial by the civil courts for crimes and misdemeanors. * * * Big guns cost something since, contrary to the pre-vailing thought concerning them, they are quite per-ishable. It is now said that ordnance officers in the United States army are beginning to be doubtful of a 16-inch gun, which has cost $13o,000, and which needs a $1,000,000 turret to protect it. The fear is that by the time the gun is tested it will be burned out. It is stated that Andrew Carnegie, who refused to contribute to the Dewey arch fund, has given $1,000 to the fund for the widow of Sergeant Douglas, who was killed at Croton Dam during the recent strike. In sending the check Mr. Carnegie wrote : "Sergeant Douglas fought not for foreign conquest, but for peace and order at home." * The report that large numbers of American soldiers in the Philippines have become insane, and that the number is being constantly augmented, though denied not long since, refuses to down. It is said that "between May t, 1898, and April t, 1900, nearly a thousand men have been shipped from the camps and posts of the army in the Philippines and Cuba to the government hospital for insane soldiers at Washington." In addition to this number many have returned to their homes with minds shattered almost, if not wholly, beyond remedy. And during the same period of twen-ty-three months there were eighty-three suicides, nearly all due, it is said, to insanity. Twenty-nine of these suicides have occurred since the first of last De-cember. The cause of this frightful increase of insanity among soldiers in foreign lands is said to be due to climatic conditions and homesickness. A strike in the building trades has been in progress in this city for some weeks, involving from five thou-sand to six thousand men ; and the end is not yet. Nu-merous efforts have been made to settle the differences between employers and employees, but without suc-cess. One man has been killed outright in this conflict, and many have been injured, some of them very seri-ously. In several places in the city non-union men are working under police protection, not daring to leave the buildings either to eat or sleep. Meals and cots are furnished by the contractors. Nor is this spirit of unrest confined to Chicago. Under date of May 1st, strikes were reported also from Buffalo, N. Y. ; Milwaukee, Wis. ; Duluth, Minn. ; Sa-vannah. Ga. ; Seymour, Ind. ; St. Louis, Mo. ; Passaic, N. J. ; Philadelphia, Pa. ; Omaha, Neb., and Kansas City, Mo. Six thousand six hundred men were out in seven of the cities named, no figures being given for Duluth, St. Louis or Omaha ; nor does this number include the thousands of idle men in this city. The outlook for the near future is not reassuring. It has been broadly intimated that, owing to the polit- 