THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 357 Simply the Name of them. It is stated as a fact of actual occurrence in New York recently that two Christian Scientists made ap-plication at the Central Park zoo for permission to "treat" an elephant that the papers had reported sick. When they were told that it would not be safe for them to enter the animal's cage, one young woman said : "That makes no difference ; we can cure him at our home, which is near here, without going near him. We often have patients as far away as China." That being true, which of course it was, that they could "treat" the beast just as well at home as at the zoo, why did they not do so without being to the trouble of going to the park at all? Why ask permis-sion to do something that they could have done just as well without permission ? and which even though it might be perfectly useless, as some would doubtless insist, could not possibly harm anybody, and least of all (if one can conceive of degrees of nothing), the subject of the "treatment ?" But the whole thing is too utterly absurd to even discuss. It is valuable only as an illustration of the unfitness of calling nearly everything "Christian." It emphasizes the fact that calling a thing "Christian" does not make it so. However, this is not understood by all the world and so the name has become a stench in the nostrils of a large part of the human family. We have "Christian nations," and even "Christian wars," "Christian science," and "Christian" this and that until one involuntarily murmurs, "What's in a name." The foregoing is suggestive of a story told of Bos-ton when the city was not as large as it now is, and the farmers from the surrounding country used to bring wood to market on sleds. Driving into the town with a load of wood one cold day in midwinter, an old farmer whose circulation was not as perfect as it once had been, and whose eye was dimmed by age, heard from the lips of an old colored man, the cheery cry, "Hot meat pies ! Heah's yo' hot meat pies !" Shivering with cold, but not daring to leave his team to go inside to get warmed, and thinking how helpful something hot would be to him just then, the old farmer removed his mitten, took a five-cent piece from his pocket, and transferring it to the extended palm of the dealer in pies, replaced his mitten, and taking up the proffered pie, now all his own, he re-garded it for a moment with almost a look of affection, and then opening his mouth he took a liberal bite, which act, however, discovered to the now thoroughly indignant man that the pie was not only not hot but was actually frozen. Demanding in stern tones an explanation from the ebony-hued pie vendor, he was met with a look of  astonishment that any one should presume to call his business methods in question, accompanied with the exclamation, "Dat's de name of dem, boss ; dat's de name of dem !" And so we often think when we hear the name "Christian" so misapplied, "Dat's de name of dem, boss ; dat's de name of dem." B. A Tale of Two Nations. MAGNIFICENT IMPERIALISM; TREMENDOUS EXPANSION. Israel had desired a "strong central government," in order that they might maintain their standing among the nations. They thought that "the tribes must be united in a strong central government" or else they would not be respected by the nations round about them. God granted their desire, and with Saul as the first king monarchy was launched in Israel. At first the people had a voice in saying who their king should be, but even this degree of liberty was soon lost sight of and the monarchy became an absolute one, hered-itary in the reigning dynasty. The reign of Saul was not wholly an inglorious one. He was followed by David, whose reign, next to that of Solomon, who succeeded him, was the most glorious of all the kings of Israel. David was a man of war and he made war on a great many of the nations round about. These he conquered and brought them into subjection under his yoke. Thus at the same time that imperialism began in Israel, expansion also took place. There was a great era of expansion and all Israel thought that Samuel and the Lord must surely have been mistaken when they warned them against a monarchy. Surely, thought they, Israel has never been so great or so powerful as she is to-day, and her scepter sways over a far greater portion of the earth than ever before in her history. Thus the record was writŠ"Judah and Israel were many, as the sand which is by the sea in multitude, eating and drinking, and making merry. And Solomon reigned over all kingdoms from the river [Euphrates] unto the land o f the Philistines, and unto the border of Egypt ; they brought presents, and served Solomon all the days of his life. * * * He had dominion over all the re-gions on this side of the river, from Tiphsah even to Azzah, over all the kings on this side of the river ; and he had peace on all sides round about him. And Ju-dah and Israel dwelt safely, every man under his vine and under his fig tree, from Dan even unto Beersheba, all the days of Solomon." Truly, halcyon skies seemed to be bending over Israel; the Elysian days must indeed have come. Everywhere their arms were victorious ; everywhere kings bowed the knee and paid tribute at the feet of 