238 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY minded men should protest. The State should not be used as a club by those in one branch of business to injure those in another equally lawful. If it is innocent to sell milk and bread six days in the week, it is no less so on the seventh. Especially in Chicago, with its wide-open saloons and low places of amusement in full blast on Sunday, the enactment and en-forcement of the proposed law would bring contempt upon law itself. Mr. J. W. Boynton, a Seventh-day Adventist living in Ponoka, Alberta, Canada, sends us this account of a Sun-day enforcement experience that has been passed through by one of his fellow-religionists : Last November Mr. J. L. Hamren, who lives near Wetaskiwin, Alberta, was arrested for violation of the Lord's day ordinance. At the trial in the justice's court he was fined $2 and costs, making $3.45 in all. The justice advised him to appeal to the higher court, which he did. In the interval between the trials, by means of literature and personal letters, we called the attention of all the law-yers, editors, justices, and other prominent men we could reach, to the trial and the principles involved in Sunday legislation. We received many letters from these men, and many of them expressed their hearty approval of our position, and said we should be pro-tected in worshiping as we chose. On Feb-ruary 19 the case was called in Judge Scott's court at Wetaskiwin. The judge sustained the appeal and quashed the conviction of Mr. Hamren. This is the first case of this kind in the Territory, so far as I know, and of course will form a precedent for future cases. It is gratifying to note that such a precedent has been established in this first case of Sunday enforcement against a seventh-day observer in Alberta. If it is not overborne by the insistent clam-ors of the religion champions of Sunday enforcement, an appeal to the intelligence  and conscience of a community is usually sufficient to secure justice in such cases, even in spite of the existence of the un-just law. 41 It is announced that " Cardinal Gibbons has accepted an invitation to attend the inaugural ceremonies of the St. Louis Ex-position, and will offer the opening prayer on that occasion, as he did at the World's Fair at Chicago." Nobody has any right to find fault with the selection of Car-dinal Gibbons for this function, and no-body is likely to, but at the same time it would be a blind person indeed who could not see in this an evidence of the prestige of the Papacy in the United States to-day. "All the diplomacy of the Vatican is being brought into play to secure an in-terview between the King of England and Pope Leo," stated a dispatch from Rome under date of April i. The news had reached Rome that King Edward was to visit the city " at the end of this month," and it had " produced a great impression at the Vatican." Evidently the United States is not the sole object of the Pope's solicitude and affection. Q " Picturing the Church as different in various lands and ages," is characterized by the Catholic Standard and Times as " the usual sophistry " of Protestants. Protestants should take note, and cease imagining that " the Church " has become entirely different in this country or in this age from what she is in other coun-tries or has been in other ages. IT is false to logic and to history to think that the work of a minority, in which men are set to defend and propa-gate fundamental and practical truth, is undesirable or unimportant. History shows that such minorities, being true to  their mission, secure a development of character and types of experience far higher and more valuable than do those who go lazily or are carried without ef-fort by the crowds which throng easier paths.ŠSabbath Recorder. 