EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMEN2 647 in this way, and yet who discounte-nances arguments for the same pur-pose having " reference to the relig-ious sanctions of Sabbath observance," is simply saying that the only thing he disapproves of in connection with Sunday legislation is having it appear in its real character. He simply says that he stands for something that he Ł would not stand for if it stood forth just as it is ; that he has a cause that he would rather not haye stand forth in its own proper habiliments ; that what he contends for would be wrong were it contended for for what it really is. He clings to the substance, to the thing itself, but is willing and prefers to substitute for the trifling externals which serve no purpose but to indicate the real nature of the thing itself others that make it appear other than it is. We do not question for a moment that it is wihin the sphere and the proper function of the civil law to insure freedom from " en- Łforced physical labor," to " secure a reasonable quiet," and to prevent " in-terference with worship " on Sunday. But we do not admit for a moment the assumption that is the basis of the declarations to this effect in the quota-tion given. We deny absoluely that the function of the civil law with re-spect to any of these matters can by right be in anywise different on Sun-day, or with regard tO Sunday, from what it is on any other day, or with regard to any other day. We deny that the civil law has any duty with respect to " enforced physical labor " on Sunday that it does not have with respect to " enforced physical labor " on Wednesday or any other day; we deny that the civil law has any duty to "secure. a reasonable quiet " on Sunday that it does not have to " se-cure a reasonable quiet " on Wednes-day or any other day ; we deny that  the civil law has any duty to prevent " interference with worship " on Sun-day that it does not have to prevent " interference with worship " on Wednesday or any other day. The idea that the civil law has a different function and a greater duty in these matters on Sunday than upon other days is a baseless assumption, and .the demand for Sunday legislation based upon it is as intolerable as is the bald demand that the civil law shall enforce the observance of Sunday as a relig-ious and Christian institution. For the two demands are the same, except to those who are deceived by a trick of words.. It seems rather peculiar that a religious, a Christian, paper should advise and warn "Christian leaders '' who are fighting hard " against the tendency to increase Sunday labor , and Sunday amuse-ments," to make no reference in their arguments " to the religious sanctions of Sabbath observance " and to employ no terms " which involve religious principles," lest " they harm the cause which they are trying to support." Are we to understand that this cause to which " Christian leaders " are so devoted and which this Baptist paper so hearitly favors is one in which re-ligious principles are not involved, and which can only derive harm from ap-peals to religious principles in its be-half? Are we to understand that "Christian leaders" are expending their energies in behalf of a cause with which religion has no connection? Are we to understand that the hard fight that is being made by " Christian leaders " " against the tendency to in-crease Sunday labor and Sunday amusements " has no " reference to the religious sanctions of Sabbath ob-servance," and that the use of such terms as " desecration " is altogether out of place in connection with it ? If 