270 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of the kind indicated are possible for working people. The school buildings are the only buildings quite free from the influences which Protestant ministers usually regard as immoral. Is there any escape from the conclusion implied in these last two statements? But the Protestant ministers of the Sunday-observance committee seem to be willing to sacrifice the best interests of their fellow-citi-zens to an interpretation of the Fourth Com-mandment which did not hold during the ear-liest ages of the church and which reached its present outlines only with the climax of En-glish Puritan dissent. Theologically, as well as morally, the position of the Sunday-observance committee is open to successful attack. But putting theology aside and going back to morals, what does the Sunday-observance committee think that people who have worked  hard all the week are going to do on Sunday when they are deprived of reasonable recrea-tion? Does it think that they will obey the Shakspearean command, "Be better employed and be naught awhile "? Rather will they be worse employed and be naughty awhile. But they will help the ministers in one way. By continuing to make Sunday a day of recreation Šin the schools and elsewhereŠthey will fur-nish the ministers with further material for the periodical bewildered discussions of the question, " How can we reach the masses; or, why do the masses pass us up?" By studying the attitude of the Sunday-observance commit-tee toward the Sunday opening of the schools and then by studying the attitude of working people toward the same proposition, the min-isters will be able to see just how far away they are from the popular mind and heart. On March 15 " the provisions of the mulct law [law regulating saloons] re-specting Sunday closing " was put strictly in force in Council Bluffs, Iowa, by order of the new county attorney, who declared that this same order of things would obtain on " all subsequent Sundays." " The county attorney has the backing of the ministers of the various churches." O The butchers of Perry, N. Dak., have entered into an agreement which binds each of them under a penalty of a for-feiture of $25 to keep his shop closed on Sunday. " The butcher who makes a single sale or delivery on Sunday " will lose the $25 which he has deposited in the local bank according to the terms of the agreement. It is reported from Bucyrus, Ohio, that " all the ministers of the city, backed by all the undertakers, have asked for a cessation of Sunday funerals on the ground that it interferes with religious labors." " The cemetery association is asked to act in the matter." The Milwaukee Sentinel of March 3r reported that " a better observance of Sunday as a day of rest was the subject of discussion at the regular monthly meeting of the Methodist ministers' as-sociation held yesterday at the Y. M. C. A. building." +Ł The St. Louis Post-Dispatch of April 4 reported that " union drivers of ice wag-ons and a committee representing the leading ice companies have agreed that no ice deliveries will be made on Sun-days. The agreement takes effect at once." An order requiring the Sunday closing of saloons was issued by the chief of police of St. Louis, Mo., on March 14. This is said to be " the first general Sunday-closing movement for nearly four years." Ł A petition " to abolish the collection of mails on Sunday afternoons from the va-rious boxes," was recently caused to be circulated in Yonkers, N. Y., by the-ministers of the place. 