378 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY We have already noted that while the Prot-estant clergy were divided in their partisan-ship between the strikers and the operators, the Catholic clergy went solidly for the strikers. ŁIts attitude and policy was directly contrary to that which it holds in Europe, ex-cept that it was the essential Catholic policy of playing for favor. In the United States the Catholic population is in the lowest stratum of society, comprising Irish, Polish and Italian immigration of the pauper class, besides a large influx of Canadians, who are as abjectly submissive to their priests as their forefathers of the seventeenth century. Under these con-ditions the politics of the Catholic Church is and will continue to be that of demagogues. In the case of the recent strike it is to be remarked that John Mitchell, " the Bonaparte of the miners," is a Catholic, the son of an Irish Catholic, and his oldest son is being edu-cated for the Catholic priesthood; that the Federation of Catholic Societies of the United States petitioned President Roosevelt to end the strike; and that on the request from the operators that a clergyman be included in the Arbitration Committee, the President chose a Catholic bishop. The question of the status of the friars in the Philippines gave a striking illustration of the changed position of the United States. In 1776 the government in its infancy forbade the Pope the nomination of a single prelate, and refused to make any kind of recognition of the Holy See. To-day the outcome of the Philip-pine issue is that the Pope has the official nomination of too prelacies within American territory, with the added triumph of having received American ambassadors.  at the Vati-can. The mission of Governor Taft, it is true, was represented by the government at. Washington as without any official character, but this flimsy hooding of the facts cannot bear examination. Judge Taft was equipped with credentials and empowered to negotiate with the Vatican as formally and completely as any other ambassador. The conduct of Catholic leaders in America at the beginning of the agitation against the friars was significant. Archbishop Ireland counseled prudence and forbearance as the  course for the Church, lest public apprehen-sions should be roused by a revelation of the power of the Catholic community now solid and formidable in the heart of the American nation. His counsels, however, were not adopted by the Federation of Catholic Societies then in convention at Chicago. Bishop McFaul, of Trenton, led in a bold arraignment of the American administration in the Philippines, declaring that it had been animated by Protestant fanaticism, and calling on the President to do his duty under the Constitution and secure personal rights and propertyŠto the friarsŠin the Philippines. This means that Catholicism in the United States feels itself sufficiently powerful to lay aside diplomacy. Tite power and success of the Catholic Church are apparent to discerning eyes in every part of America. The public press, for example, carefully tempers its news and its views in deference to its Catholic patronage. In most of the larger towns the Catholic youth are not only united in special societies and clubs, but even in military organizations. The Church even derives profit from the American weakness for marrying foreign titles by intro-ducing young Catholic aristocrats .into the so-ciety of millionaires, and she is often rewarded nce only by gaining control of great ,dowries, bitt even by gaining fair converts, who embrace the ancient faith for the pleasure of being mar-ried by a bishop or cardinal amidst the theat-rical and medieval pomp of Rome. The Catholics, it is true, are a minority; but they are a minority that is homogeneous, organized and disciplined. They form a solid block in the midst of a heap of crumbling Protestant fragments. They are, it is true, the lowest element of the nation; but under universal suffrage the vote of a brute is worth that of a Newton. When there shall be an army of fifteen or twenty millions of Catholics, firmly united by a tyrannical faith, trained under the regime of the confessional, blindly committed to the will of their priests, and directed by. the brains of a few high Jesuits, we shall see how much of a showing there will be for American liberty. When Judge Taft was sent on his special mission to Rome we pointed out the impolicy, not to say the impropriety, of the precedent established by President  Roosevelt in this formal recognition, for the first time, by the United States, of the temporal status of the Roman See.ŠLeslie's Weekly, August, 1922, 