EDITORIAL 175 "Continental Sunday" and "to maintain the observance of the Lord's day." We believe, too, that facts, arguments, and spiritual instruction would be far more efficacious and consistent in this matter, and hence we see no reason for legisla-tion on the subject. A Timely Bit of History In a recent lecture at Cooper Union, in this city, on "France in the Eighteenth Century," Prof. Adolphe Cohn, of Columbia University, showed that the great French writers of the eighteenth century, whose works pre-pared the people for the great revolu-tion, were inspired to a considerable ex-tent by an acquaintance with English customs and institutions. Montesquieu and Voltaire did not arraign conditions in France until after they had lived in England, and had had an opportunity to compare the government of France with that of the English people. Voltaire, when a young man, had been twice imprisoned in the Bastille without any warrant or authority but the word of the acting monarch. To escape the danger. of imprisonment he went to England, and there, declared Professor Cohn, for the first time he realized the intolerable despotism which reigned in his own country. While he had regard-ed his imprisonment as an outrage, he did not question the rightfulness of the authority which imprisoned him. He re-garded it as necessary for the welfare of the state that sovereign power should be held by the king, and that while it was too bad that such power was abused at times, that it was necessary in order to preserve the state and social order. But in England he found a nation governed on the basis of the Magna Charta, and people ready for revolution the moment  the king encroached upon their liberties. He found that orderly government was possible where men thought and wrote what they chose, and where churches of different persuasions stood but short distances apart. And it was the thoughts awakened in this connection that aroused Voltaire to his life-long attack upon the French monarchy and his ap-peals in behalf of the rights of men. This piece of history should be of in-terest to those persons who in recent years in this country have sought to dis-count the inalienable rights of men and to cast an odium upon the Declaration of Independence by declaring that its author derived his ideas concerning the rights of men from Voltaire and other infidels of France. The fact is that Vol-taire and the other writers of France owed their ideas in this matter largely to the constitutional government of England, the principles of Magna Charta, and to the spirit of Protestant-ism which had pervaded France in former centuries, and to which Voltaire and his associates were by no means in-sensible. But even were it true that Jefferson derived his ideas regarding the equality and inalienable rights of men from Vol-mire and other French writ,-s, we fail to see how these doctrines are demol-ished by the fact. Instead of casting an odium upon the doctrines, the fact would cast a glory upon Voltaire and his fellow-writers. The man who teaches the equality of men, and that they possess inalienable rights of which no man and no earthly authority can rightfully deprive them, is right, and if Voltaire was the first man to proclaim this truth since He who declared, "All ye are brethren," then so much the bet-ter for Voltaire. In that case there is at 