EDITORIAL 141  There are a number of matters beside that of Sunday legislation and enforce-ment to which attention should be given just now in THE SENTINEL, and some of which we had planned early in the week to notice in this number. But it seems best just now, in view of the fact that the question of Sunday legislation is to the front in so many places, to use most of the space, as in this issue, in dealing with this matter. If all that should be said and reported this week with regard to this one thing were given, THE SENTI-NEL would have to be at least twice its present size to contain it all. One matter that we wished further to notice this week was that presented by the very significant editorial quoted last week from the New York Sun. On Lincoln's birthday the Sun followed the editorial mentioned with another in which it claimed and tried to show that its position that the " politi-cal equality " of the negro with the white man is " inherently impossible " because of " racial differences," was exactly the position held by Lincoln, saying that " the rights which Lincoln demanded. for the African in America were those of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness Šnot the ballot, not political equality." And then, having, as it supposed, backed itself up with the authority of Lincoln, the Sun asked, " Was Lincoln Wrong? " The attitude of the Sun has received in-stant and hearty approval from a number of persons, some of them quite prominent, who see in it that which " presages a scientific solution of this portentous problem," and who plainly say that the negro should forever be shut out from political equality with the white manŠi.41e., from the privilege of voting. That those who have hitherto held that the negro should not be shut out from polit-ical equality with the white man, are now coming to take the opposite view, is most significant. But this is a development that will not go backward, and we can safely wait until another time to notice  it further. We were delayed in getting permission to print the matter by Dr. Felix Adler, spoken of two weeks ago, but we now have it, and just as soon as there is a lull in the present activity in the matter of Sunday legislation this valuable matter will be presented. Of course the champions of Sunday legislation in New York are very much pleased with the decided attitude recently manifested by Governor Odell in the mat-ter of modifying the Sunday excise law in its application to Greater New York. The Governor gave his reason for being unalterably opposed to permitting the people in New York to have what he termed the " Continental Sunday " in these words : " I was not raised that way." This statement was made the title of a discourse by Dr. DavidŁ J. Burrell in the Marble Collegiate Church of New York City on the evening of February 15, the text being 2 Tim. I : 5. The Doctor evidently saw a striking parallel between the case of Timothy and that of the Gov-ernor. He thought there were at least four other ways in which the Governor might have answered those who came to him seeking a change in the Sunday law. First, as a Christian, he could have said that the Fourth Commandment stood un-repealed, and that it was his duty as a Christian to stand by it and uphold it ! In this connection the Doctor declared that this " is a Christian country," that the Supreme Court of the United States had declared it to be such. Secondly, the Governor could as an American have said that Sunday observance and the laws maintaining it were American, and that patriotism, loyalty to country, required him to uphold the Sunday laws. Next, he could as a friend of temperance have' declared that he was opposed to giving any greater privileges to the saloon. And, lastly, he could as a friend of the work-ingman have declared that he could not 