Fla aeofooll Of CHRISTWAH LE 3M717 VOL. XV: l i NEW YORK, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1903 No. 22     The object of Sunday legislation is to enforce a religions observance, and that is what is done when such laws are enforced. Sunday laws are relics of the union of church and state, and are altogether out of place in these times and especially in this country. Such laws should never have been allowed upon the statute books of any American State. There is no more reason why the law should " recognize " and enforce Sunday observance than there is that it should " recognize " and enforce " Good Fri-day " observance. If one of these observ-ances should have legal " protection " so should the other. It does not follow that because " the best interests of society and the com-monwealth are most truly conserved " when the Sabbath is observed that Sabbath observance should be en-forced. Religion ceases to be a blessing and becomes instead a curse to society and the state when it is en-forced. Ł'  A law which prohibits the following of " any pursuit " or " ordinary calling " on Sunday would interfere seriously with church services if it were literally en-forced. Preaching and choir singing are  pursuits and ordinary callings with most of those who engage in them on Sunday, and are very seldom works of necessity and charity." 4 Throughout the English-speaking world to-day there is one point upon which the dominant religious forces are agreed and unitedŠthat of the mainte-nance of Sunday observance by law. In Australia as well as in America the clergy cling with great tenacity to this chief of the few remaining vestiges of church-and-state union. And not only do they cling to it, but, as shown by the article elsewhere on " Religious Liberty and the Australian Constitution," they are ready always to fight anything which seems to threaten this anachronism, and to im-prove every opportunity for more firmly entrenching it. Next week we will give a short report of a sermon recently preached in a Fifth Avenue church in New York in which were proclaimed ideas identical with those presented in the extract from Rev. T. Holme's sermon in Sidney. Ł As we have remarked before, religion is inseparable from the matter of Sunday closing. A Minnesota newspaper in de-scribing how the new Sunday law is re-garded locally states that while most of the merchants and the people generally are well pleased with it there is consider-able dissatisfaction in the community 