THREE POWERS AND THE POPE 313 because they do not accomplish impossi-bilities. To censure earthly rulers be-cause they do not carry out the principles of Christianity in all the details of gov-ernment is inconsistent and unreasonable. The people of this sinful world could not be governed by the law of God. It has been demonstrated, for nearly six thousand years, that " the carnal mind is enmity against God"; for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be." Rom. 8 : 7. If the Government finds that such im-migration regulations are essential to the social and political well-being of the coun-try, it is a proof that the world is so sat-urated with sin that a Christian govern-ment is impossible. To call any govern-ment a Christian government that resorts  to such unequal measures is to display an utter misconception of Christianity and of the function of civil government. Not until the LordŁHimself again purifies the earth, according to His promise (2 Peter 3 : 5-13), will it be possible to conduct a Christian government upon it. All at-tempts of men to establish and administer such a government can end only in perse-cution and hypocrisy. So says all the his-tory of the past, as also the spirit of the present. The discrimination of our immigration laws, while possibly essential to the tem-poral prosperity of our own people, are a standing witness that this is not a Chris-tian nation ; nor can it be while such dis-criminations are in any sense essential to our national welfare. Three Powers and the Pope RECENT occurrences have served strongly to attract attention to the relations between the Vatican and the chief three powers of Europe. One of these latter, France, has long sustained peculiar relations to the Holy See as the recog-nized protector of Roman Catholic mis-sions in various parts of the world. But in the last year or two the attitude of the French government toward the ecclesi-astical communities has made some little rift within the lute. However friendly Leo XIII may be toward the French Republic, there is no question that many influential prelates at Rome are incensed against it, and would be glad to punish it by transferring all possible favor of the Church to some other power. Just at this juncture it is interesting to observe the visits to the Vatican of the sovereigns of the only other powers in the *The recent visits of the King of England and the Emperor of Germany to the Vatican have attracted con-siderable attention and caused much comment, as well they might. This is an editorial from the New York Tribune of May S. An account of these visits will be given later. world that could replace France as the protector of missions. It may be that King Edward's visit had no direct politi-cal object; yet it was a particularly no-table visit, as the first made to the Pope by an English sovereign for some cen-turies, and there is no reason to suppose that the Supreme Pontiff was not in some way reminded of the greatness of the British Empire, of its globe encircling ex-tent, and of the exceptional ability of that"  empire to protect missionaries of all sorts ; for a good many Roman Catholic mission-aries go forth from Great Britain, and King Edward is sovereign over millions of Roman Catholic subjects. The German Emperor's visit was far more spectacular than his uncle's, and may without injustice be suspected of considerable political intent. We are, in-deed, told that the Emperor and the Pope discussed the matter of missionaries, and the former assured the latter of his readi-ness to serve as their protectorŠif any such assurance was needed after the in- 