78 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY several deputies who had stationed themselves outside the entrance at-tempted to capture the players at the conclusion of the performance, but were eluded. "This is the second time trouble has resulted from Sunday per-formances in Dalesville, and more is ex-pected." "All the churches are bitter against the theater management." A correspondent reported from Ham-burg, Iowa, under date of January 15: "We are having a recurrence of Sun-day-enforcement agitation in this place. A petition has been passed among the merchants by a clergyman, and a Sun-day ordinance of a very drastic charac-ter has been presented to the council. It shuts off everything but eating houses and 'works of charity and necessity.' It failed to go through at the council meeting last night,. but its supporters are working to get it through at the next, meeting, and also threaten to en-force the State law. I think this has been the fourth or fifth time that an attempt of this sort has been made here." The Huntington, (Ind.) Journal of January 6 reported that "affidavits have been filed against parties in War-ren township for violating the Sunday game law, and arrests will in all proba-bility be made to-day." It stated that the game warden was "going after the violators of the law strenuously," and that a number of persons in that vicin-ity had been "made to suffer the con-sequences." The next day, under the heading "Sunday Law Violators Caught," it reported : "Marshal Ne-vins and Officer Bush arrested two vio-lators of the Sunday game law, by the name of Grolinger and Boozinger, at Andrews last night. These are two men who have evaded arrest for sev-eral weeks, but were finally spotted and placed in jail in this city. Another of the violators, White by name, is now serving his sentence." The Iowa Poultry Association re-cently held its annual poultry show at Des Moines. "It had been the intention of the management of the 'show to charge an admission fee on Sunday the  same as on other days, and thereby greatly help out their much depleted financial condition. The city officials heard of the intended plans and noti-fied the association management if they insisted on carrying out their plans for making an admission charge on Sun-day, they would be prosecuted for vio-lation of an ordinance which provided that no admission charge should be made to any show or exhibition in the city limits on Sunday." The show was kept open, but no admission fee was charged, with the result that "the exhibit closed with a deficit, and the officers determined that the next exhibit should not be held in Des Moines." Under the head, "More Sunday Law," the Butternut (Wis.) Eagle re-ported on January 10: " It seems that the Sunday law is not to be enforced against saloon-keepers alone, but against other business men as well, as. appears from the following notice which we publish verbatim by request : "Mr M Lauridsen i have Bin in-formed That you ar Opening your Bar-ber Shop on Sunday now if you ar you had Beter not for The next Time i Shall Comence Proseadings against you " 'James Dygert' "Mr. Lauridsen wishes to say to the. people of Butternut that he came here a stranger for the purpose of making-his home ; that he does not wish to. offend or injure any one, and, being a stranger, has no desire to mix up with either side, but would keep open on Sunday forenoon if allowed to do so ; neither is it his desire to interfere in the business of others, either on Sunday or any other day." And Mr. Laurid-sen has a perfect right to expect that others shall not interfere with him in his business either on Sunday or any other day. There are not laCking indications that saloon-keepers and clergymen will yet become allies in the matter of Sun-day enforcement. On January 20 the-Milwaukee (Wis.) Press published the following dispatch from Appleton un- 