fallgkell COMSTBAR! Lfim A weekly publication devoted to the maintenance and defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore opposed to any violation or compromise of the principle ofŁsepara- lion of church and state. Non-sectarian and non-partisan in the application of principles. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Published by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. To whom all communications of a business nature should be addressed. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, oi every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil' government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION $1.00 .5o .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.5e CLUBBING RATE. per copy. s or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. copy,Single y six months year  " three months Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. 11 RRR .A1 1 lySte  DEZLMHER.,O03' Special Holiday Edition of the Signs of the Times  on the Subject of 24 PAGES INCLUDING COVER Beautifully Illustrated NOW READY FOR DELIVERY The relation of Capital and Labor is acknowl-edged to be one of the most perplexing problems of the Twentieth Century The whole subject will be treated in a fair and impartial manner in this special number of the Signs. The following are some of the ar-ticles which will appear in this issue : i. The Fundamental Difference between Capital and Labor. What is necessary in order to a permanent settlement and peace. Capital's SideŠSome Representative of Cap-ital. Labor's Side Š Some Representative of Labor. 2. Individualism Š The Human Unit. 3. Christian Union versus Trade Union. 4. The Great Strife for Power. 5. The Oppression of Wealth. 6. Dangers and Warnings. 7. How Came this Great Conflict! 8. Utterances from Eminent Men. 9. Statistical and Biographical Data. The retail price of this special number will be five cents per copy. 5 to 20 copies 4c each  each   I 25 or more to one address  Single copies will be mailed direct from the office of publication to lists of names furnished at these rates : I to 20 copies 5 cents 25 to 99 copies 4 cents TOO or more copies 3% cents This price includes addressing, wrapping, and postage. Address Signs of the Times, Oakland, Cal. 