igeEffooll Ooh OffallST11Qkl LOE2771 VOL. XVIII.  NEW YORK; THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1903 No. 27     Oligarchy is half way between democ-racy and monarchy. 짜 The greatest menace to free govern- ment comes not from the unlettered poor, but from the selfish rich. 짜 Loyalty to true democracy means far more than loyalty to any form of gov-ernment ; it means loyalty to humanity and to righteousness. To promote the real welfare of individ-uals is to promote the welfare of society, and to promote the real welfare of society is to promote the welfare of individuals. 짜 " As long as a part of the people within the jurisdiction of the United States are free and self-governing, the remainder of the people will never rest short of obtaining an equal station." When imperialism declares that it has in three years' time trained and fitted for self-government a people who at the be-ginning of that time were " utterly and absolutely " untrained in and unfitted for self-government, it does not make good its pretended capability with regard to training people for self-government ; it simply demonstrates the utter worth-lessness of its pronouncements with re-spect to the fitness or unfitness of a people for self-government. Much has been heard in recent years about the incapacity of people for self-government. A more dangerous incapac-ity is the incapacity of those who cannot extend to others the rights and liberties which they claim for themselves. And this is an incapacity that is most conspic-uous in those who are most insistent upon the incapacity of other people for self-government. 짜 It is recorded by J. T. Trowbridge' that in the days of the Kansas-Nebraska Bill an immense audience was one *night listening to speeches on the question in Boston. The brilliant lawyer Rufus Choate with a cynical analysis, had brushed aside the great statements which have made the fame of the Declaration of Independence, and contemptuously styled them " glittering generalities." Emer-son was one of the speakers. He quoted the phrase, and then, after a moment's pause, hurled to the remotest seats these words, like ringing javelins : " They do glitter! They have a right to glitter!" Choate was answered as far as that audi-ence was concerned. In some matters it is hardly necessary for THE SENTINEL to do more to-day than present the words of others. Evil tendencies are becoming so pronounced and dangerous that many are uttering warnings regarding them. We feel that what is said in the two articles in this 