388 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. the territories ? The constitutional interpretation of a century gives but one answer to this question. It is well stated by John Norton Pomeroy, a recognized authority, in his 'Constitutional Law,' a text-book which the United States government employs at the military academy, in the following: " 'But is Congress absolutely omnipotent over these districts and territories ? Is it, like the British Parliament, bound by no limitations save those which are self-imposed? This cannot be; nor does the lan-guage of the constitution require a construction so much opposed to all our ideas of civil policy. The safe-guards of individual rightsŠthose clauses which pre-serve the lives, liberty and property of the citizens from the encroachments of arbitrary power, must ap-ply as well to that legislation of Congress which is concerned exclusively with the District of Columbia or with the territories, as to that which is concerned with the states. The reasoning which leads to this conclusion is irresistible. * * * If it were thought necessary that Congress should be hedged round with restrictions while it is legislating for the inhabitants of the states, who may be partially protected by their local governments, how much more necessary that the same body should be restrained while legislating for the inhabitants of those districts and territories over which it has an exclusive control, an undivided sway.' "And we may add that Mr. Pomeroy belonged to the broadest sect in the school of loose construction-ists. The precedents all support him in the above statement. "2. And as to the particular 'rule' or 'regulation' respecting territory which Congress has not the power to make, here are several: "It can make no rule or regulation respecting an establishment of religion or the free exercise thereof; or abridge the freedom of speech or press, etc. "It can make no rule which deprives any person of the right of trial by jury in cases where the value in controversy exceeds $20. "It can make no rule imposing excessive bail or fines or cruel and unusual punishments. "It can make no rule tolerating slavery, or tending to deprive a person of his life or liberty or property without due process of law. "It can make no rule or law sanctioning titles of nobility, or attainting objectionable politicians. These and much more. "And, finally, accepting Chief Justice Marshall's definition of the term 'United States,' Congress can make no rule or law which destroys uniformity in duties, imposts and excises 'throughout the United States,' including all territory under its jurisdiction. "But Judge Townsend holds that Congress is hedged round by no such restrictions, or any other, in dealing with the territories. He is able to summon to his support in this extraordinary position not a sin- gle distinct precedent out of I 12 years of constitutional interpretation, so far as we have been able to dis- cover. We accordingly describe his decision as revo-lutionary. It will of course be passed upon by the higher courts, but even they will not settle the ques-tion for all time. "There will remain the appeal to the people, as in  the Dred Scott cause. That decision wrote `property' over the word 'person' in those sections of the consti-tion we have referred to; and we venture the predic-tion that the present attempt to write 'property' over the word 'person,' as he may be found in the terri-tories, will fare as badly in the final judgment as did that earlier and quite similar effort." Hon. James A. Brice, Member of the British Parliament, on the Eastern Question. Hon. James A. Brice, M. P., author of The Amer-ican Commonwealth, has contributed to the Saturday Evening Post of June 2 a most interesting article on the Eastern Question, in which he gives a plain, unvarnished statement of the relations which the sev-eral great Powers sustain to the Porte, and their sev-eral interests in Turkish territory. The Eastern Question has long been one of ab-sorbing interest to all the civilized world, and espe-cially to those who view its settlement in the light of divine prophecy. Both inspiration and the logic of events point unmistakably to the utter extinction of the Turkish empire. And if prophetic expositors read aright the divine predictions, momentous issues are at stake in the settlement of this question. The crowned heads of Europe see in it only an opportunity to enlarge the trade of their people or to extend their frontiers ; but to the student of prophecy it means the ushering in of the everlasting Kingdom of God. Of course Mr. Brice deals with the question only from the standpoint of the statesman. The "dim fore-shadowings of the future," which he says "we seem at last to see," are seen only in the trend of events. But in this case human foresight and divine fore-knowledge are in practical agreement so far as the former goes. They part company only because when the finite fails the Infinite goes on telling what shall be after the settlement of the Eastern Question by the Powers of earth. "The passionate eagerness," says Mr. Brice, "with which all Europe has been watching the struggle in South Africa during the last six months tends to throw into the background other questions of not less real and permanent importance, questions which have be-fore now formed the central point of European poli-tics, and which may do so again. "Among these," he continues, "is the condition of the always moribund but never expiring Turkish Sultanate." The loss of Crete two years ago is referred to as "another stage" in the decadence of the Turkish pow-er. But since this "the Sultan and his crimes have receded from view, though those who know something about the maladministration and race hatreds in Mac-edonia, know how critical the situation continues to 