694  THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 44 Pope Leo, Speaks to America." It would be easy to pile up quotations from Catholic authorities showing that the church to-' day stands where she has always stood, and that she is not only not ashamed of her record during the Middle Ages, but stoutly insists that she was right then and would be right in doing the same things now. But it is sufficient for the present purpose to go directly to the present head 'of that church and ascertain from himÑthe greatest living authorityÑthe present attitude of the church. This he has made very plain on many occasions, but on none more plain than in his encyclical published in this country early in 1895. This document is recent and author-itative, and the writer will confine himself in this article quite closely to it in its bearing upon the questions enumerated above. This encyclical has not received the attention that it deserves. Some stir was made over it before its appearance, but there has been little reference to it since. It came shortly after the appointment of an " apostolic delegate " to this country and the announcement from Catholic sources that the Pope had elevated "the United States to the first rank as a Catholic nation." The attention of the whole country had been called to this forth-coming docu-ment months before its appearance in the press on the morning of January 29, 1895. We shall quote from it as it appeared in the New York Herald, where it was published under the heading, " Pope Leo Speaks to America." A brief glance at the opening paragraphs is sufficient to show that no more appropriate heading could have been given it, for the Pope, white ostensibly addressing " our Ven-erable Brethren, the Archbishops and Bishops of the United States," was really speaking to the American people themselves in their national ca-pacity. The Pope's Regard for ÒChristian " America. In the opening paragraph the Pope expresses his high esteem and 'exceeding love for " the young and vigorous American nation." In the second paragraph he tells how he " commemorated together with you " the celebration by " your whole nation " of " the completion of the fourth century since the discovery of America." So greatly did he share in these rejoicings that he could not be "content with offering prayers at a distance for your welfare and greatness," but wished to be " in some manner pres- ent with you in your festivities." " Hence," he says, "we cheerfully sent one who would represent our person." Satolli was the person sent, and he came not alone to represent the Pope at the World's Fair, and in that way alone to show the Pope's interest in the affairs of the American people, but with his coming to this country there was established " by the Apostolic See " " an American Legation." " By this action," the Pope says at another place in the encyclical," as we have elsewhere intimated, we have wished, first of all, to certify that in our judgment and affection America occupies the same place and rights as other states, be they ever so mighty and imperial." This action, he says farther, " accorded with the usage and policy of the Apostolic See. For it has been, from earliest antiquity, the custom of the Roman Pontiffs, in the exercise of the divinely bestowed gift of the primacy in the administration of the Church of Christ, to send forth legates to Christian nations and peoples." Thus the pope responded to the declaration of the Supren.e Court but a short time before that "this is a Christian nation." And let it be noted that that response, in the language of the Pope himself, was but the carrying out of " the custom of the Roman Pontiffs" " from the earliest antiquity." In the next paragraph the Pope declares that it was with "good reason" that he took part in this celebration of the whole people of this country, and gives as one reason that " when America was as yet but a new born babe, uttering in its cradle its first feeble cries, the Church took it to her bosom and motherly embrace." Continuing with these "reasons," he says: " The very names newly given to so many of your towns and rivers and mountains and lakes, teach and clearly witness how deeply your begin-nings were marked with the footprints of the Cath-olic Church. Nor perchance, did the fact that we now relate take place without some design of.Divine Providence. Precisely at the epoch when the Amer-ican colonies, having, with Catholic aid, achieved liberty and independence, coalesced into a constitu-tional republic, the ecclesiastical heirarchy was hap-pily established among you, and at the very time when the popular suffrage placed the great Wash-ington at the helm of the Republic, the first bishop was set by apostolic authority over the American church. The well-known friendship and familiar intercourse which subsisted between these two men seems to be an evidence that the United States ought to be conjoined in concord and amity with the Cath- 