EDITORIAL 161 The Right to the Sabbath In these days it is frequently declared that man has a right to the Sabbath and its rest, and that therefore there should be laws compelling all to rest upon the Sabbath. Undoubtedly man has a right to the Sabbath and its rest, and that is a very good reason why there should be no such legislation as is now demanded in behalf of that right. Man's right to the Sabbath was ex-pressed by the Lord of the Sabbath in these words : "The Sabbath was made for man." Mark 2: 27. Therefore man has a right to the Sabbath day with all its rest and blessing. He has this right as an individual, for the Sabbath was given to the individual man, and man's relation to God is an individual relation, and must continue such as long as it is a matter of faith, love, and individual accountability. All days were made for man, but the Sabbath above all other days. No other day of the week is especially designated in this way. Man has a higher right, therefore, to the Sabbath day than to any other day. Any interference by the state with a man's right to an ordinary working day would be recognized as an act of des-potism. What then must be true of state interference with man's right to the day especially made for him? The state has no right in theŁ Sabbath and can have none, since the Creator did not, and man cannot, give the Sab-bath to the state. Man cannot give the Sabbath to the state because it is not his to give. The Sabbath is the Lord's, and man can neither give it into other hands nor transfer any right which he has in the day. Hence there is no way by which  any right in the Sabbath can be acquired by the state. Therefore, any State Sabbath law (as-suming Sunday to be the Sabbath) is wholly without foundation in right and justice, and represents only an act of meddling with that which the state has no right to touch. The Sunday laws (if Sunday be the Sabbath) interfere with the highest right a man can have with respect to days of the week. They touch the very day which was especially made for man, and from which, of all days, the state should keep hands off. This being true, such laws have no rightful place upon the statute books of State or nation, and can derive no justi-fication from the good and pious motives with which many men engage in their support. And this would be equally true of laws enforcing the seventh day, spec-ified as the Sabbath in the law of God. In any case, State Sabbath laws are wrong in principle, and can only be evil in practise, however plausible in appear-ance. No gift of God to man needs to be en-forced by civil law. No blessing can he drawn down from heaven upon men by the civil power. No good from the in-stitutions of Christianity can be ex-tracted by law. Man's right to the Sab-bath can be infringed by law, but not preserved. That right is secured only through man's individual relation to his Creator. L. A. S. "Thoughtful men and women of to-day recognize that the gravest danger to society is on the side of an invaded sanc-tuary and a degraded Sabbath," says the organ of a Sunday-enforcement organi-zation. That Sabbath is a degraded Sab-bath which must be supported by human legislation, and which, in order to gain 