THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 277 thing both to the individual and to the state. But, as has been well said, "How is it possible to arrest the spread of a faith which can make the broken heart leap for joy ?" This is the liberty that is, and that is to be, pro-claimed, watched over, and guarded, by The Sentinel of Liberty. And there is need of it now, just as there was in the beginning. Here is another mighty nation that lays serious claims to being the conservator of liberty for the world, but which is fast losing sight of what liberty is ; and which, continuing as it has even already begun, will yet become so blind to what liberty is, that she will actually oppose by all the power at her command the true libertyŠChristian libertyŠas the most dangerous thing to the individual and to the state. For this cause in particular, as well as for other causes in general, it is essential that now, as at the beginning, the everlasting gospel shall be preached with a loud voice to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, calling men everywhere to the worship of Him alone who made the heaven and earth and the sea and the fountains of waters. This is the work of The Sentinel of Liberty. Therefore let The Sentinel of Liberty be circulated everywhere. It advocates the only true libertyŠChristian libertyŠliberty that can never be used as an occasion of the flesh, but which by love will gladly serve others. For truest liberty is ever found, not in ruling, but in serving. A. T. JONES. An Erroneous Definition of Religious Liberty. We hold it to be a self-evident truth that every soul should be left perfectly free to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience,Šyea, more, that every one should be left free even to violate his own conscience, if he so elects. In other words, The Sen-tinel of Liberty denies the right of any human author-ity to require any man to do even that which he him-self believes to be his duty toward God. Said the Saviour, "Render to God the things that are God's." The Creator has not authorized any man to exact from his fellows that which is due to Him. To all who would attempt such a thing he says, "Who art thou that judgest another man's servant ?" It may be said that there is nobody in this country, or but few at least, who are disposed to coerce any one in matters of religious faith or practice. But this is an error. There are many such. Human nature is just the same as it has ever been. Men are naturally intolerant, and given the power and the opportunity, this intolerance will manifest itself in some form of persecution for opinion's sake. Says Buckle, in his "History of Civilization in England" : "There is but one protection against the tyranny  of any class, and that is to give that class very little power. Whatever file pretensions of any body of men may be, however smooth their language, and however plausible their claims, they are sure to abuse power if much of it is conferred upon them. The entire history of the world affords no instance to the contrary." Nor is this the only reason why such a paper as The Sentinel is necessary. Very many who, if they were asked if they believe in religious liberty, would promptly answer, yes, have only a limited idea of what it really means. Cardinal Gibbons, in his book, "The Faith of Our Fathers," declares in favor of "religious liberty," but defines it as "The free right to worship God according to the dictates of a right conscience." But religious liberty means much more than this; it means that no man or set of men shall have any power to define a "right conscience," and to enforce that definition on anybody by any sort of civil penalty whatever. Men are altogether too prone to assume the right not only to define the law of God and human duty under that law, but to enforce their interpretation of both law and duty. It has been truly said that, "Among all the religious persecutions with which al-most every page of modern history is stained, no vic-tim ever suffered but for violation of what government denominated the law of God." The sure preventive, then, of all such persecution in the future is to withhold from government abso-lutely all authority to define in any manner the law of God. B. Power From on High. From its first issue the Sentinel has pleaded for the power of Pentecost as against political power in the promulgation of the gospel of the kingdom. Its watchword has ever been, "Not by might nor by power, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord of Hosts." As a friend of the Sentinel and an advocate of the principles, I wish to bear witness to the practical work-ing of those principles in my ministry. At the closing service of a series of revival meet-ings held in an eastern city, a gentleman past middle age arose and said : "I am an agnostic, but I am having more trouble accounting for the manifestations of power which I have witnessed during these meetings, than with all the difficult questions regarding the inspiration of the Scriptures. Pray for me that I may find the truth." Prayer was offered for the man, and according to his wife's testimony, which is usually trustworthy, the man was converted. What was it that softened and subdued this unbeliever? It was none other than a manifestation, though meager, of the same power which moved the multitude on the day of Pentecost. "There are some who cannot remain to the evening 