SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 38i o'clock on Saturday night, and adds : "The staff of every daily paper in Toronto work on Sunday, and they are under the same Sabbath law as the Bruce Herald, yet we never hear of Police Magistrate Denison either fining or allowing his constable to lodge vexatious com-plaints against them." Ł On March 20 the lower house of the Iowa legislature, by a vote of fifty-nine to sixteen, passed a bill prohibiting base-ball and football on Sunday. Each per-son offending is to be punished by a fine of not less than $1 and not more than $5. One member moved to amend the bill so that the penalty would be "hanging by the neck until dead." An unsuccessful ef-fort was made to include golf in the bill. It was also proposed that the prohibition apply to Memorial Day as well as Sun-day, but "it was discovered that all busi-ness would be prohibited on that day if it were included, and the vote was re-considered." There is no more reason why all business should not be prohibited on Memorial Day than on Sunday. The first would be far more appropriate for legislative action than the second. Ł According to a dispatch, "the Labor Commission of Paris has petitioned Par-liament to pass a bill making legal one day of rest in every week." It is stated that "Sunday has not been legally ob-served in France since the Revolution," and that many laborers work seven days in the week. "In order not to arouse the opposition of those who object to the ob-servance of Sunday, the commission rec-ommends that every employer be given the right to select the day most conve-nient to his special line of business for closing." It is further recommended that any employer found trying to evade the law shall be fined $to for every employee whom he thereby deprives of a day of rest. Such a law would probably not cre-ate much enthusiasm among those in this  country who seem most concerned about "securing a day of rest for the poor workingman." With them everything is involved in the particular day upon which the workingman shall rest. From Chicago comes the report that "merchants who have refused to discon-tinue trade on Sundays are to be invited to permit the Retail Clerks' Association to install telephones and megaphones or phonographs in the open stores, the hope of the association officials being that by the transmission of sermons and prayers over the wires or the instruments to with-in the hearing of the busy merchants a change of heart may be experienced by managers and proprietors and the stores shut down on the Sabbath day through-out the city." Mr. William Ruppert, a shoe dealer in the McVicker theater building, who keeps open on Sundays, has already been requested by the clerks to permit them to connect his desk by telephone and megaphone with Rev. Frank Crane's pul-pit, which is in the same building, so that "you and your clerks while at work Sabbath mornings may have an oppor-tunity to hear the church services and the sermon." It is stated that this request is made "in the hope that prayer and preaching will cause you to experience a change of heart on the subject of Sun-day trading." This certainly indicates persistence and earnestnesss of purpose, and it is much More commendable than that zeal which applies to the police and the legislature in such matters. "Consternation in the ranks of base-ball enthusiasts" is reported from Du-luth, Minn., as a result of the publication of a notice on April 17 to the effect that "all persons who engage in Sunday base-ball playing will be arrested and prose-cuted to the fullest extent of the law." 