426  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY democracy is to make them equal, or more equal." The speaker thus gave expression to this conception : In an unequal society the true democrat is not the man who says the end for which government exists is my prosperity and the prosperity of all these other individuals; but the true democrat is the man who sees in the democracy a new chance for the lower orders of mankind, who sees that the essence of de-mocracy is not the starting with equality, but, on the contrary, the recognition of inequality, and that the object and aim of democracy is to make the unequal more equal, to make the unfit more fit; recognizing initial unfitness, to make the inefficient more efficient. The true democracy is that in which the strong spend thtmselves on the weak, in which the intelligent give of their intelligence to the unintelligent, in which the efficient bend down to the inefficient, in which men of independent thought and political ripeness think it their highest duty and privilege to go to the unripe and the politically immature and help them to ripen. ¥ Certainly this is a noble and exalted conception of democracy. As to whether it conflicts with the conception which was embodied in the Declaration of Independ-ence we comment elsewhere. Our pur-pose here is simply to present the sub-stance of a' portion of the lecture which we are obliged to omit.ÑEDITOR SEN-TINEL.] And now I proceed to some illus-trations to show how this false notion of democracy, especially of the indi-vidual's prosperity being the aim of government, has led us backward along the paths that lead to oligarchy. In the political field, for instance, there is the great fact that already the power to choose our rulers, and to a large extent the positive power of making our laws, has slipped from our hands. Why is it that American citizens endure it? Why is it that we permit two kinds of oli-garchs to combine and take the power out of our handsÑthe political oligarch called " the boss," and the commercial and industrial oligarch called " the mon- opolist "Ñthese two supporting each other and bringing it about that the people do not nominate any more their candidates, but have only the choice of selecting between the candidates of the rival oligarchies ; that the people do not directly make the laws, but have only a certain influence, a certain repressive, moderating influence ; that, in fact, these great powerful.  interests, represented by the oligarch called " the boss " and the oligarch called " the monopolist," are able to write upon the statute books, to a very large extent, the laws which are intended to reenforce and to confirm and to perpetuate their oligarchical power. Call a spade a spade, and then see to what a pass we haVe come. True, there is the power of the American people to rise in its majesty and might and sweep these oligarchs from their places ; but there is also the power of these oligarchs, after they have been swept away, to creep back to their places, as they always do. The great freedom, the great power, which we exercise as a free people con-sists largely in the fact that we have kept a way open, through frequent elec-tions, of punishing the public enemies. From time to time there are great ex-plosions of public wrath ; there are great upheavings to punish and repress; so that we may say that our government has become an oligarchy tempered by popular uprisings. And yet how stupid we are ! How excited we become over these candidates which the rival oligarchies force upon us ; how blindly we go to the polls, as if we were exercising the rights of free citizens, when we are only exercising a repressive and moderating force upon an oligarchical power, which is really ruling us. But why do we tolerate it ? Because the end and aim of government is to get rich, because we are too busy trying to get rich, too busy attending to our own business to give attention to' the 