s 16  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY that the Government has gotten into a very difficult position in this matter; it simply emphasizes the fact. The Gov-ernment is placed between two fires, and it remains to be seen how it will fare with the principle of separation of church awl state. According to the last reports, at this writing, "the Vatican has accepted the proposition of Gov. Taft concerning the friars' lands, on ¥all the main points, these including the payment of about $5,000,000 for the friars' agricultural lands, and of a smaller sum for the rental of other lands and for the deportation of the friars to Spain." The report has it that among the "minor points" in which agreement had not been reached was that of religion in the schools, the Vatican insisting that at least the primary schools be under the control of the Catholic Church. The Sunday Agitation in Wash- ington As is the case with similar agitations in so many other places throughout the country, the recent Sunday-enforcement agitation in Washington seems to have sprung from the combination of the two forces of self-interest and religion-by-law zeal. Foremost were the associa-tions of the retail clerks, the retail butchers, and the grocers, and these or-ganizations were strongly seconded by the clergymen. It seems that in April Mr. Samuel Gompers, of the American Federation of Labor, attended by request two meetings of the Presbyterian minis-ters of the city, at which the Sunday question was discussed. Soon there ap-peared in the Senate and House the two Sunday bills for the District of Colum-bia, described elsewhere by Gen. Wm. Birney. One of these was introduced at the request of the Retail Clerks' Inter-national Protective Association, and the  other 'at the request of the Retail Butch-ers' Association. When the bills were referred to the District Commissioners they were immediately followed by a circular letter calling the attention of the Commissioners "to the large number of dry goods, clothing, shoe, and gentle-men's furnishing stores who keep their places of business open on Sunday," and declaring : "We protest against this species of Sabbath-breaking, and ask your honorable body to take such steps as may be necessary to eliminate the evil." This letter evidently emanated from the clerks, but it was also sent in from the pastors of thirty-three different churches, and from labor unions of book binders, cigar makers, bakers, car-penters, iron molders, stationary engin-eers, musicians, and wood, wire and metal lathers. The president of the Board of District Commissioners was at once ready to re-port the bills favorably, but the other two members regarded them as entirely too stringent, and would not report upon them favorably unless they were consid-erably modified. According to Commis-sioner Mcfarland, the president, aside from the law requiring the closing of sa-loons and barber shops on Sunday, "there is absolutely no other modern law for the protection of the weekly rest-day in the National Capital." And he thought "the increasing invasion of that day by business, which threatens seri-ously the well-being of the people, is calling attention to the necessity" "for a Sunday protection law." He called at-tention to the fact that the proposed leg-islation was approved by "a number of prominent clergymen, representing churches of almost every denomination, and therefore a very large proportion of the best people of the District of Colum-bia." But the other two Commissioners were of the opinion that "there is not 