SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 319. full blast on Sunday. There is an excuse for the drug stores being open for a part of the day, but there is absolutely no excuse for the other stores. The stores that once were fruit stores have added to their stock in trade so that now they carry a line almost as complete as any grocery store. The latter, however, would not think of doing business on Sunday, and the so-called " fruit stores " have, there-fore, an unfair advantage over them. The chief attraction of the " fruit stores " on Sun-day is the line of cigars and tobacco, almost as complete as that of any tobacco store. Where the fruit, stores derive their authority for keep-ing open what is practically a tobacco store is hard to discover. Their existence as Sunday institutions is simply the result of public toler-ance, and there are now unmistakable signs that the tolerance is near an end. The better class of citizens are complaining in vigorous terms of the Sunday violations. They are alarmed at the rapid and continued growth in size and number of " fruit stores." They say with jus-tice that the main street will soon have nothing  but " fruit stores," and that Sunday will be more disregarded than it is in New York City. If the practise of Sunday violation continues, the lovers of one day of rest and cessation from public business will get up a petition to have the licenses of the stores in question for-feited altogether. The authorities of the town ought to heed this warning note of justified public discontent, and should make strenuous efforts to see that Sunday is observed by " fruit stores " as well as other stores. The public tolerance has been strained to the breaking.  point. This makes quite clear what it is about which the people who are so disturbed by these open stores on Sunday in Windsor Locks are concerned. The thing is " Sunday violation," not law violation. " The lovers of one day of rest and cessa-tion from public business " are disturbed because Sunday is " disregarded " and not " observed " by the stores described..  S 4 S S S S A A  by W. N. GLENN, for a number of years editor of Our Little Friend. This book contains interesting talks on some of the thrilling prophecies of the Bible. It is written in simple language, so as to be thoroughly understood by the children. It shows how some of the "things foretold" have been fulfilled, how others are now being fulfilled, and that still others are as certainly to be fulfilled. The book contains 113 pages, size 6g. x 8).‚ inches; each page has a neat illustrated border in color, and the type is large and clear. Price, postpaid, 50 cts. Don't let your children fill their minds with trashy stories, but give them something to read which is interesting and at the same time instructive. Ł An Important New Book for the Children Tli I NOS FORETOLD" X Address  PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY Ł!. 11 West 20th Street, New York City * 