268 111E SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY into existence by the present law and " constitute one of the very worst evils that we have ") to run on Sunday it could not be expected that ordinary saloons would be closed. In conclu-sion Mr. Jerome read letters of endorse-ment for his bill from Bishop Potter, Dr. W. S. Rainsford, Mr. Wm. H. Bald-win, Jr., and President Butler of Colum-bia University, and declared that he wished to serve notice that " this is a finish fight," and that whatever disposi-tion might be made of the matter at this session of the legislature " this ques-tion will never be settled until we have an excise law that can be enforced." Following Mr. Jerome two representa-tives of liquor dealers associations spoke in favor of the bill, and promised that it would be strictly observed if passed. Then the representatives already named of the American Sabbath (Sunday) Un-ion, the Methodist Preachers' Meeting of New York, the New York Presbytery, the Anti-Saloon League, and the State W. C. T. U., spoke again in opposition to the bill, devoting much of their time to attacks upon Mr. Jerome for his alleged " unholy alliance " with the liquor inter-ests to secure the repeal of the Sunday-closing law. Two days after the hearing the February grand jury for New York County, following the example of the January grand jury, filed a presentment in which it was declared that " in our opinion the best interests of the city of New York would be served by such a bill becoming law." It was further said : Our experience as grand jurors and our ob-servation as citizens have satisfied us that the provisions of the present liquor-tax law in regard to' the sale of liquors on Sunday . . . has fostered intemperance rather than pro-moted temperance; .. . has encouraged brib-ery and perjury on the part of the police and the liquor dealers, and is one of the chief causes of that system of blackmail which has debauched our police force. The law is now widely violated every Sunday, and seemingly  without any disapprobation from the citizens of this city. We believe that such a law can-not in such a city as New York be permanently enforced, and that its existence unenforced works great evil in cultivating a lack of re-spect for all laws. Most of the newspapers of the city take the same view of the matter, but see little prospect for an early change. The Evening Post says Mr. Jerome " spoke absolute truth on a matter of vital importance to the city," but that he-was " addressing an audience thoroughly committed to the administrative lie " by which " our sham morality is bound up with our real shame." It says, however, that for the present nothing can be done to break up " this unholy alliance be-tween enthusiastic good women and good men and the worst elements in the city "-but to agitate and " educate the mistaken moralizer, and the lawmakers who make it their care to please him, until they see that to impose the standards of a class as the laws of a community is to make themselves the allies of the briber and the grafter." The Commercial Adver-tiser considers Mr. Jerome's bill " an excellent measure, and should like to see it become law," but says " it has about as much chance of doing so as would a law providing for the abolition of all churches-or their conversion into theatres and beer gardens." The reason why this is so is because of the strength of the sort of sentiment that is exhibited in the follow-ing, which we quote from a statement issued by the board of managers of the American Sabbath (Sunday) Union early in February : We affirm that the proposed legislation would interfere with religious services both in the afternoon and evening. . . . The American,  Sabbath Union is confident that Sunday open-ing during any part of the day legally recog-nized as the day of rest is calculated to break down all the barriers standing in defense of what is known as the "American Sabbath."... As the representative of the millions of moral and Christian and Sabbath-loving people of 