182 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the high-water mark of Catholicism since the Reformation. Leo's unfortunate predecessor, Pius IX., as devoid of statesmanship as he was full of benevolence, had died, leaving the Church stripped of her temporal estates, and at feud with almost all Europe, and the out-look for his successor was so gloomy that doubts were openly expressed whether, in fact, he would have any successor at all. So that, when the choice of the Conclave fell upon Joachim Pecci, Cardinal Archbishop of Peru-gia, already sixty-eight years old and reported in feeble health, none could have foreseen the astonishing turn that affairs were about to take. Ł IS THE SENTINEL seeking to promote sectarian controversy? is it trying to malign somebody's religion ? is it attack-ing Roman Catholics ? in what it has to say with reference to the Papacy? No, it is not. There are people, though, who think it is doing all these things. Do these people know what the Papacy is ? Do they know why she is not the des-potism to-day that she was for ages ? Do they know that she is rising into power again ? And do they know that she is rising into power more rapidly in the United States than anywhere else? What attitude would they have people who care for human freedom hold toward a power which in the day of its supremacy was a despotism unequaled in history? and what course would they have the friends of human freedom pursue with reference to that power when they be-hold it, without the relinquishment of a jot or tittle of the principles and pre-tensions which were responsible for its despotisms and oppressions, again rising into power and persistently and deter-minedly attacking in their strongholds the principles and practises which stand between it and the power to oppress ? Are people to remain dumb in such a situation, because, forsooth, there are people who will construe everything that is said concerning that power, that is not praise and adulation of it, into  " sectarian bigotry " and animosity to-ward the persons who happen to be con-nected with it? We do not think so. We think it is their duty, as fairly, as impartially as they can, to cry aloud and spare notŠto cry aloud, not against a sect, not against anybody's religion, and most certainly not against the persons who. are the adherents of any religion, but against the despotic system and institution and all that goes to make it a system of despotism. We believe that in this matter of the Papacy THE SENTINEL, as we most sincerely desire it shall in everything else, is fairly and impartially serving the cause of human rights and freedomŠfreedom for all without regard_ for race or religion. But we do not pretend that all that it says in this matter or any other is just what it should say and is said in just the way it should be said, or that the spirit that prompts what is said is always just what it should be. We simply say that in this direction there lies a duty of the first importance, and that duty THE SENTINEL tries to perform as best it can. O The Catholic News of New York speaks of "the Sovereign Pontiff" as the great ruler of Christendom," and tells us that on the twenty-fifth anniversary of his coronation as Pope " the eyes of all the world were turned to Rome " ; that " even the non-Catholic world has not held aloof, but has helped to swell the volume of tribute and congratulation that have rejoiced the great heart of the marvellous Leo XIII." And again : Our separated brethren have not been slow to join with Catholics in doing honor to the Pope. Here in New York we have had many evidences of their kindly feeling toward the head of the Catholic Church. The newspapers have printed glowing eulogies of him. Prot-estant journals, too, have paid a fine tribute to him. A Brooklyn daily issued as a supple-ment a beautiful colored lithograph of the Pope, showing him, in his white robes, seated on a throne, his right hand elevated in blessing. 