THE RIGHT TO WORK 749 any reasonable service to the United States, but must call on the Pope for his assistance to pay her bills ? Has America entered into another secret Treaty of Verona? Has she secretly entered into a  new "Holy" Alliance? Has she become a vassal of the Pope? I am very much afraid that all these things are true. But is there no remedy? Who will suggest a remedy ? The Right to Work and One Way in Whicl? It Is Denied By the Editor DURING the last few weeks and months the country has heard much about "the right to work." In cer-tain quarters great emphasis has been placed upon "the right of every man to sell his labor in a free market." It has been declared that the individual has the indestructible and inalienable right to la-bor when and where and for whom and at what rate of pay he will, and that un-less that right is maintained civil liberty is doomed and republican government is a failure; and that, therefore, any body of men who prevent the exercise of that right are the enemies of society. This position is of course absolutely sound, but perhaps we should not neg-lect to say at this point, and we mean no reflection upon any of those whose words we quote further on, that the position of some of those who during the past sum-mer have been most stout and persistent in declaring it to be their position, is not absolutely sound by any means. The loud professions of undying allegiance to the inalienable rights of the individual laborer made by the organs of capital and the heads of great combines is neither inspiring nor convincing. What they mean by "tile right of the individual to sell his labor in a free market," is the right of the individual workman singly and alone to deal with concentrated cap- italŠthe right of capital to have labor absolutely at its mercy. But whatever abuse and misuse may be made of it, the principle is absolutely right ; and it is right, too, that great em-phasis should be placed upon it. The times demand it. Union labor does often exercise a brutal tyranny, and it is right that its aggressions upon the rights of the individual should be met with such words as we quote below. And even such a perilous situation as that which the coun-try has been compelled to face until with-in a few days ago is not entirely without some compensation when it evokes such a pronouncement of a great, fundamental principle of human liberty. The country, the nation itself, is forgetting the founda-tion upon which its institutions were erected. The Declaration of Independ-ence has been virtually repudiated by governmental action and by leading men and organs of public opinion in the nation. It is, therefore, well that once more men are made to feel the binding claims of the fundamental principles of human liberty, and to know that "all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." So the principle that is emphasized in the quotations given below is broad and 