386 THE SENTINEL' OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY stifling to American sentiment and tradi-tion, and no one can be surprised that this arbitrary. rule is beginning to arouse a spirit of protest among the editors, the lawyers, the doctors and the professional men generally of Manila." At this writing there are good pros-pects of early peace between the British and the Boers in South Africa. Nego-tiations had been in progress between the military leaders for a week or two when, on April 18, it was announced that the negotiations had been postponed for three weeks. The delay was for the pur-pose of submitting the terms offered by the English to a plebicite of the burghers, the Boer leaders being unwilling to de-cide the matter upon their own responsi-bility. A practical suspension of hostili-ties, though not a formal armistice, will prevail until the voting is over, which is expected to be about the middle of May. While independence is not to be granted to the Boers, it is evident that the British are offering more satisfactory terms than has been the case heretofore. One of the most terrible disasters in this country during April, and what is said to have been one of the worst in the history of Ohio River navigation, oc-curred about 4 o'clock on the morning of April 20, when the steamer, City of Pitts-burg, with 15o passengers on board, was destroyed by fire near Cairo, Ill. The passengers had to be aroused when the fire was discovered, and it burned so rap-idly that scarcely half of them escaped burning or drowning. Heart-rending scenes were witnessed in the panic that occurred. On the night of April 16 a powder and dynamite explosion de-stroyed a barrack and killed more than a hundred soldiers and injured many other persons at Managua, Nicaragua.  The explosion was attributed to conspir-ators. As a result of earthquake shocks throughout Guatemala on the 18th, i9th and loth of the month, two hundred per-sons were killed and many others in-,jured, at least so it was reported. The high price of meats is occasion-ing wide complaint, and even a demand for investigation by the Federal author-ities into the "Beef Trust." The price of beef has been going up for several years, but recently there have occurred sharp advances. While the meat busi-ness is not controlled by any one concern, but is carried on by a number of inde-pendent packing companies, it is gener-ally believed that the rise in price is due.  to a secret agreement among the packers. A demand is being made for the repeal of import duties on meats. It would seem that the way to defeat the "Beef Trust" would be to stop using meat. The New York Federation of Labor, repre-senting nearly 150,000 workmen, came very near passing a resolution on April 20 calling upon its members and their families to go without meat for one month. Some thought the privation would be too great, and the resolution was defeated. There are people who live without meat entirely, and they are as well off physically, if not better, than those who use meat. In his jubilee encyclical, which he in-timated might be his last because of his extreme age, the Pope touched upon some things about as they are. Here is a portion of the encyclical: Never has humanity found itself in a more miserable condition than it is at present. There is disorder in all social relations and especially in family relations. Excessive liberty has fos-tered socialism and anarchism. Unjust wars are waged by strong nations against weak peo-ples and exaggerated armaments among great nations produce an effect which is even more 