282 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY but as irreligious and profane, certain work and occupations now generally regarded as religious, spiritual, or devout. Shifting and uncertain as this law is in re-lation to the word " worldly," it is still more indefinite and uncertain in the phraseology it adopts in excluding from its prohibition cer-tain " worldly " work. The act provides that " works of necessity and charity " shall be excepted from its interdict. Here, again, the description of the crime hangs upon the meaning of the word " necessity " and the word " charity," and these words are left to the construction of the respective magistrates throughout the Commonwealth before whom criminal proceedings may be instituted. Could any word more loose and less certain as a guide to the citizen be used than this word " necessity "? What necessity and whose ne-cessity does the act mean? Is it physical necessity, mental necessity, moral necessity, the necessity of comfort, of the preservation of life, of the preservation of health, of the preservation of propertyŠor what must be the nature of the work that will admit it within the protective category of a work of " neces-sity "? This is left unstated in the act, and gives rise to a question which is susceptible of as many varying constructions as there are dispositions, beliefs, and prejudices among magistrates. Whose " necessity " is referred to? Is it the necessity of him who does the work, or the necessity of him for whom the work is done? Both of these constructions have been held by high authority in this Commonwealth. Judge Strong, in the case of Sparhawk against the railway company, held that the act clearly meant " necessity " on the part of him who performed the worldly" employment, while Judge Wood-ward and others on the final determination of the same case held that it meant " neces-sity " on the part of the community for whom the work was done. It is under this latter view that the running of street railways has been held not to be a violation of the statute, though the work is worldly.1' Without determining which of these two views is correct, they constitute in -themselves a forceful illustration of the un--certainty of the act under discussion. Moreover, it has been held by the highest authority in the Commonwealth, the State's Supreme Court, that changed social conditions may make that a " necessity " to-day which was not a necessity when the act was passed. so far as public requirements are concerned.  A distinguished Supreme Court justice, in thus construing the statute, . . . argued that by the mere progress of years and increase of popula-tion and changed social conditions " worldly " work and employment which would have been criminal in 1794 were now works of " neces-sity," and, therefore, not criminal. How uncertain, then, is that act of assem-bly, called a criminal statute, which has the fact of crime changing from day to day or year to year or decade to decade, and how shall the citizen know when the social condi-tions are so altered that an act once criminal has become meritorious and " necessary "? The laws of Draco have become historical examples of cruelty more from the fact that he posted them so high that the people could not read them than because of the severity of their penalties. A law which changes from day to day and depends upon the private be-liefs and opinions of a magistrate for its meaning is Draconian in its' nature, and just as much unknown as though it were in-capable of being read. It must be remembered that the act of 1794, but for the exception " works of necessity and charity," dooms every citizen of this Common-wealth to absolute idleness on the first day of the week. The question whether the "worldly" work performed is done for profit or not does not affect the question. All " worldly " work is absolutely prohibited, except in the cases specially taken out of the prohibition by the indefinite phrases referred to. [With the exception of the first and last sentences, the matter that was quoted on the first page of THE SENTINEL two weeks ago is omitted here.ŠEntroa.1 The radical and exceptional nature of the legislation is not changed by the fact that the prohibition relates to Sunday. It is still leg-islation in derogation of natural rights, and the statute is left to depend for its determina-tion upon the uncertain meaning of the words " worldly " and " necessity," and the peculiar ' mental or moral or spiritual views of the magistrate called upon to construe the statute. How is it possible that an act which could not be performed because the necessary knowl-edge for its performance did not exist when the legislation of 1794 was passed can, by virtue of that legislation, be a crime in 1903? As the learned supreme court judge hereto-fore referred to said, there were no telegraph or steamboats or railways in 1794,  and they, therefore, could not have been within the legislative purview. 