56o  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY was said to be a lawyer from Grand arrived, and was allowed to speak for a Rapids, N. Dak., moved that the refer-  few minutes. He told of what his or-ence to card-playing be stricken from the ganization was doing in the way of report on the ground that if left in affording legal "protection" for the it would "convey the idea that the "Sabbath," and with considerable satis-General Assembly of this church ap-  faction referred to the' cooperation to proves of card parties on other days of this end it was receiving from men of the week." This very pertinent sugges-  prominence. "We have had friends at tion was approved, though not without Caesar's court in Mulberry Street," he some objection.  said. "Even Chief Devery and Col. Mur- The chairman of the committee again phy used to help us, and the present spoke on the subject, but the principal Commissioner gives us his assistance." speech was made by Dr-. Hathaway, who It was declared that "the labor unions was on hand with as much enthusiasm as are with us, and a prominent labor leader ever. He thought the Assembly then in is likely soon to be included in our com-session would go down in history noted mittee," and "the Actors' Society of for its evangelism, but declared that that America has passed a resolution against evangelism could not be made effective Sunday performances which could not without the "Christian Sabbath." "The have been stronger if every member had evangelism which does not produce obe-  been a presiding elder of the Methodist dience to the decalogue is a delusion and Church." Ex-District Attorney Philbin a snare," he declared. He volunteered the was named as one of the prominent men information that the civil war in England assisting and holding membership in the between the Roundheads and Cavaliers "Sabbath" Committee, but the fact that centered around the "Sabbath" question, Mr. Philbin is a stanch Roman Catholic and declared that the victory of the Puri-  was not mentioned. The reference to tans "saved the Christian Sabbath for Mr. Philbin was greeted 'with applause, England and America." With consid-  but, be it said, the boast with regard to erable enthusiasm he told of how; the cooperation of "Chief Devery" was through the efforts of the American Sab-  not. bath (Sunday) Union, the United States  The discussion of this question before Government building had been closed on the Assembly was quite fully noted in the Sundays at the Paris Exposition, and press, and called forth editorials from rejoiced that this nation had given such some of the leading newspapers. The an object-lesson to the other nations of adthission of Dr. Moffatt that the church the earth. This was greeted with warm would, after all, have to leave to the la-applause. He announced in conclusion bor unions the task of looking after the that the report would be given wide cir-  rest day for the workingman, and would culation by the organization he rep-  . even have to look to that source itself resented.  "for relief and remedy" in the matter, Dr. Hubbell, of the New York Sab-  . was not allowed to pass without some bath (Sunday) Committee, and Dr. sensible comment to the effect that the Kneeland, of the New England Sabbath anxiety of the church for the working-(Sunday) Protective League, were to man in this matter was uncalled for. have spoken at this time, but for some The Evening Post of this city said : reason failed to appear. Later, after the  br. Moffatt has here got hold of a great report had been adopted, Dr. Hubbell truth, which shows how absurd are the fears 