32 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. ever taken the trouble to place their reasoning in this matter in the form of a syllogism or not. In order to make its logic clear we will venture to so state it. i. The nation has a right to promote and maintain its prestige and power. 2. National prestige and power is dependent upon Sunday observance. 3. Therefore it is the right of the na-tion by every means at its command to promote Sunday observance. The friends of the Sunday sabbath are not willing to leave it to stand or fall according to its own merits ; they desire that it shall be buttressed and fortressed by the power of the law. Therefore they are interested in disseminating the idea that "our national prestige and power" are dependent upon Sunday observance. If a single instance in all the course of history could be pointed to where the prestige and power of any na-tion have been dependent upon the ob-servance or non-observance of Sunday, there would be more force in this idea than there is at present. To attribute the prestige and power of the United States to Sunday observance is ridicu-lous. We have no doubt that those who have quietly and thoughtfully observed Sunday, or any other day that they re-garded as sacred, have possessed virtues that have contributed a great deal to the upbuilding of the nation and that have been a strong factor in its civilization. And we have no doubt that those who spend Sunday or any other day in rioting and .drunkenness are becoming the slaves of vices which can contribute only to the decline of the nation's prestige and power. Sunday observance or non-observance of itself is not the thing which affects the nation. Some of the greatest battles which have contributed to the prestige and power of this nation  were fought on Sunday, as if to demon-strate the fallacy of the claim that we are here considering. We are told that Sunday observance has been "so strong a factor in our civi-lization." Well, the strongest factorsŠyes the greatest of all factors in Ameri-can civilizationŠhave been the princi-ples of civil and reilgious freedom, and especially the principle of no civil legis-lation respecting religious matters. Yet this is the very principle which those who profess so much concern as to the national welfare propose to override, for so long as this principle is respected there can be no Sunday enforcement. Even if it could be shown that Sun-day observance was "so strong a factor in our civilization" and that upon it de-pended the national prestige and 'power, it would not necessarily follow that the government should undertake to pro-mote its observance by statute. The fathers of this nation understood per-fectly that the control of moral and re-ligious principles upon the .lives of the individual citizens was of supreme im-portance to the highest interests of gov-ernment, but they did not undertake to insure this control by legislation. On the contrary they did their utmost to make it impossible that there should ever be any legislation on this subject. They did this, "not from indifference, but that the infinite Spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity and power." They knew that there were some concerns too high for government. They did not presume to make the pro-motion of religion one of the objects of government. Their attitude in this mat-ter has been a stronger force in Ameri-can civilization than their observance of Sunday, and it will be well if their de-scendants, like them, place so high an estimate upon religion that they will not 