THE MASSACHUSETTS HEARING 215 call civil " laws to prevent " our " re- ligious Sabbath from becoming a civil Sab-bath. The fallacy and hypocrisy of this is apparent. Several years ago clergymen and church people in California were about to introduce a Sunday law bill into the legisla-ture. The puzzling question was what to name the bill. Some honest ones said, " Call it a Sabbath observance bill." Others said: " No, no; the people will not vote for it if you call it by that name; call it a civil Sunday bill." This did not suit all. It seems as diffi-cult to name a Sunday law as it is to name the first baby that comes into a family. They finally decided to call this California Sunday bill " A Sanitary Regulation." But do you know, gentlemen, those clergymen had such wonderful insight into sanitary science, so far beyond all the doctors of their day, that they discovered that it was unsanitary to sell milk on the street on Sunday morning after to o'clock, in other words, after time for the people to be going to church. In Arkansas several years ago there was a Sunday law under which some thirty Seventh-day Adventists were persecuted by fines and imprisonment. These were as truly cases of persecution by religious bigotry as ever were seen in the Dark Ages. To illustrate : A seventh-day observer, after having kept sacred the seventh-day Sabbath according to the commandment, was on Sunday working in his field a mile and a half from a public road, dig-ging potatoes, I think. A Methodist neighbor, who had not observed the day before, had, on his sacred day, been off to buy a cow, and was leading it home. He stopped and tied it to the fence and went over into the field and transacted some business with this Sev-enth-day Adventist, then went away and had him arrested and fined for working on Sun-day. This is but a fair sample of those per-secutions. By the earnest and eloquent ef-forts of Senator Crockett this law was repealed. A few years later, from a county where Seventh-day Adventists were rapidly progress-ing and adding to their numbers, a petition was sent to the legislature that this same law be restored to the statute books. Senator Tilman made a speech in favor of this from which I quote : " Mr. President: I assume that Christianity is the true religion, and that the first day of the week is the Christian Sabbath. The Chi is-tian Sabbath is an institution of Almighty God, and should be respected as such, and if as-sailed the civil law should be invoked to pro-tect it. This bill provides for the general ob- servance of the first day of the week as a day of rest from secular employments other than those of necessity, comfort, or charity. It is in the nature of a civil regulation only. It is not of the character of state protection of the church. It does not seek to violate the principle that the affairs of the church and the state should be kept separate. It inter-feres in no way with the full and free exercise of religious freedom... I have a local interest in this measure. In my county we have a religious sect known as Seventh-day Advent-ists, a very devout and respectable people, but they labor on our Sabbath, and greatly annoy the Christian people of that section. In Spring-dale, where most of these people live, there exists a very great demand for the passage of this The Seventh-day Adventists are generally good citizens... The senator from Independence suggests that if this bill should pass it would drive this people from the State. That would be no serious loss. There would be fewer Sabbath breakers to deal with. After having left Arkansas, they might very truly exclaim: " ' True patriots are we, For be it understood, We left our country For our country's good.' " Nothing could better show the fallacy and hypocrisy of these " civil " Sunday laws than this. It was asserted that the bill was purely civil, and yet it was admitted that it would drive " good citizens " and " devout people " from the State solely because of their religious belief and practise. I remember that on one occasion a bill had been introduced into this legislature prohibiting all forms of amusements on Sunday. The clergymen, as usual, spoke in favor of it, but declared that all they wanted was " civil legislation." An agnostic arose and made a ringing speech, declaring that the church wanted a hard-and-fast religious monopoly of the day. Then one of Boston's "reverend divines" was stirred to righteous indignation, and declared that it was mon-strous that any man in this enlightened age should make such a charge against the Chris-tian church. He reasserted that all they wanted was civil legislation, but before he concluded, he said: " I maintain that the church cannot compete with the theater and the golf game, and ought not to be expected to do so." This was admitting all that the ag-nostic had said, and all that the clergyman had denied. We believe that when the church gets into that condition where it cannot com-pete with the world, it ought not to ask the world to help it, but it ought rather to seek God for new power from on high. The founders of the American government knew well that it was an innovation on all Ł 