38 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. ficiently and economically in this country and in its new possessions, its various branches must devise some method of co-operating in their work." Sunday Closing of Saloons in New York. The saloon is undoubtedly the great-est curse of civilized communities to-day. The enormous power of the saloon is but the complement of the terrible slav-ery of those upon whom it preys; the enormous consumption of alcoholic drinks is but an index of the manhood and self-control that is not. So gigantic an evil necessarily creates moral, social and political problems of the gravest character. There is no more difficult and impos-sible task than that which seeks to find a way of escape from the results of evil without discontinuing the evil itself. This is what makes the saloon problem so stupendous and difficult. The com-plete abolition of the saloon is the only solution of the problem which it pre-sents, and this can be accomplished only by temperance and self-control on the part of those who now give themselves up body and soul to the control of a de-grading and ruinous appetite. But while every man who is enslaved by his appetite can be made entirely free, there is no prospect that this will ever become the case with the mass of mankind. And for this reason the saloon problem will always exist. But no doubt some good can be accomplished by restrictions up-on the saloon, and certainly it is within the province of the people, if they so choose, to prohibit the saloon entirely, as other things are prohibited that are not one-hundredth part as injurious to the community and as much opposed to the best interests of government. But while all this is true it does not justify the attitude that is now assumed by ministers, churches, religious socie-ties, and some temperance societies, in the matter of the Sunday closing of sa-loons in New York City. One of the first of the organizations to condemn the suggestion that the present Sunday law with regard to sa-loons be modified so that they can be opened at certain hours on Sunday was the American Sabbath Union which in a series of ten resolutions declares its "irrevocable opposition to the proposi-tion of an open saloon on the Lord's day." The motive of this organization cannot be misunderstood. It is interest-ed solely in behalf of "the Lord's day." Dr. David James Burrell, who is said to be "Thomas C. Platt's pastor," and who is said to voice Mr. Platt's sentiments in the matter, declares his "attitude of decided antagonism toward saloons in their desire to break down the Lord's day." The motive here cannot be mis-understood, either. This attitude is not antagonism toward the saloons in their work of breaking down the characters of men, destroying their moral consti-tutions, and bringing them and their families to misery, poverty and shame ; it is simply "antagonism toward the sa-loons in their work of breaking down the Lord's day." Rev. Dr. Robert S. MacArthur says the question is, "Shall the saloons be open in New York on any part of the Sabbath ?" and says that such opening means the destruction of "the sacredness of the American Sab-bath." The thing that is uppermost here is very evident also. It is not the prohibition of the saloon, but the pro-tection of "the Sabbath" that is sought. Another prominent minister laments at the prospect of a policy that "would 