TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per year  $1.00 six months  .50 three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.5o me 5'01101121a°' OF CEZZITAIV ILOWNiT7 Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX.  L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard theliquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, oi every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 1I West 20th Street, New York CAT The power of the law can never make vicious men virtuous.ŠThe Outlook. . The chief fault of society, after all, is in the faultiness of the individuals which compose it.ŠThe Independent. Ł Temporal laws rather punish men when they have transgressed than form them to be such as transgress seldomest.ŠJohn Milton. If the Gospel were of a nature to be propagated or maintained by the power of the world, God would not have en-trusted it to fishermen.ŠLuther. Our Lord could have been king of Judea, but he knew that a temporal king-dom would end His spiritual reign. The church of our Lord must be equally dis-interested and unselfish. The church should not become a part of the govern-ment.ŠDr. George C. Lorimer. Ł You cannot transfdirm men in masses any more than you can by legislative en-actment. You must do it by units, by implanting the regenerating prin-ciple in each soul. The mass may be worse than its units and frequently is, but it will never be better than its units. The fountain of social regeneration is the individual.ŠBaptist Commonwealth. Ł Christ wants no help from Caesar. . . I should be afraid to borrow help from government; it would look to me as if I rested on an arm of flesh, instead of depending on the living God. Let the Lord's day be respected by all means, and ma); the day soon come when every shop shall be closed on the Sabbath ; but let it be by force of conviction, and not by force of policemen; let true religion triumph by the power of God in men's hearts, and not by the power of fines and punishments.ŠChas. H. Spurgeon. 