A MANIFESTO FROM ONTARIO'S SUNDAY-LAW CHAMPIONS 523 Lord's Day Act that do not in substance re-main to us are sections 7 and 8, dealing with Łexcursions and electric railways. The excur- sions for the most part will be prevented by the standing order of the Minister of Customs refusing clearance to excursion-carrying ves- sels. The radial railway act, under which all radial electric railways chartered by the Province operate, is outside the invalidated Lord's Day Act, and it prohibits the operation on Sunday of these systems or the opening on that day of parks owned by such roads. 2. Besides the above, the shops regulations act prohibits bakers and barbers from working or keeping open shops on Sunday under severe penalties. This law, we understand, as well as the radial railway act, will not be affected by the Privy Council's decision. With the exception, therefore, of the door partially opened for Sunday excursions and electric cars we have still substantially all we had before. We had hoped to gain a good deal by the decision. We are glad we have lost so little. Of course all this applies only to Ontario. Each of the Provinces will be affected dif-ferently by the decision, which is a complete reversal of what has always heretofore been quite generally accepted on the question of jurisdiction. Such eminent authorities as Sir John A. Macdonald, Sir John Thomson, Sir Oliver Mowat, Hon. David Mills and Sir Wil-frid Laurier have ever taken the view that the Provinces had full power to deal with Sunday legislation. However, they were or are not members of the judicial committee of the Privy Council. It is now " on to Ottawa " for legislation in defense of the priceless heritage of our Cana-dian and Christian Sabbath. There can be no doubt that all the churchesŠRoman Catholic and ProtestantŠand all labor organizations will stand with the L. D. A. in seeking such legislation as is needed. It is not probable that there will be any disposition on the part of any of the M. P.'s and senators but a few irreconcilables to refuse the reasonable meas-ures which alone will be applied for. Appli-cation will not be made until next session of parliament. Meantime, the friends of the Lord's Day, whether they viek the matter from the religious or from the humanitarian, in-dustrial or national viewpoint, will bend every . energy toward arousing public opinion to a sense of the possibilities and perils of the new crisis we have to face. , J. G. SHEARER, Secretary L D. A. of Ca-nada. T. ALBERT MOORE, Secretary Ontario L. D. A. In this work let it be noted that the Alliance leaders, all Protestant clergy-men, are willing to clasp hands with Roman Catholics in the effort to secure such laws as are wanted to protect Sun-day from " greed and selfishness and un-godliness." Having failed so far as the provincial legislatures are concerned, they are now " on to Ottawa " to lobby in the Dominion parliament for more Sunday laws. The above manifesto of the Alliance was printed in the Hamilton Spectator of August 1, which paper made the fol-lowing pertinent statements editorially : In its manifestoŠto be found elswhere in this number of the SpectatorŠthe Lord's Day Alliance makes a mistake when it speaks of protecting Sunday against the inroads " that greed and selfishness and ungodliness.  are ever ready to make." That is simply saying that those who do not look upon the first day of the week through the spectacles of the Alliance are ungodly. Had the Christians kept to the observance of the Sabbath established by the LordŠSaturdayŠthere might have been rea-son to charge those who failed to obey the Mosaic law with being ungodly. And, aside from the fact that Sunday is not the Sabbath appointed by the Lord, good men differ in their views of how the Sabbath ought to be observed. The Lord's Day Alliance people arrogate to themselves the privilege of deciding not only how they shall observe the so-called Sabbath themselves, but they insist upon the government compelling all peopleŠno matter what their honest views may beŠto observe the Sunday according to the instructions of the Lord's Day Alliance. The manifesto says: " There can be no doubt that all the churches ŠRoman Catholic and ProtestantŠ...will stand with the L. D. A. in seeking such legis-lation as is needed." If that means that each church will seek such legislation as it thinks is needed, the statement may be correct; but if it meant that all Christian churches will back the demands of the Lord's Day Alliance, the statement is quite too optimistic. Ł It is true, as the Spectator says, that Sunday is not the Lord's Sabbath; and it is no doubt due to the absence of divine 