366 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. SUBSCRIBE FOR . . THE SENTINEL.. Or . Ł Ł ITERTY. A paper set for the defense of liberty, both Christian and Constitutional, and opposed to everything tending toward a union of church and state, either in name or in fact. Toll Weed this  Pape! YOU NeinAiloprs Neuf It. If you are not familiar with this subject you will be surprised, not only at what is proposed, but at what has been already done in the direction of nullifying the constitutional safeguards of liberty of conscience. Single copy of the paper : One year  $1.00 Six months  .50 Three months  .25 In clubs of five to twenty-four, to one address, one year 75 cents In clubs of twenty-five to forty- nine, to one address, one year, 60 cents In clubs of fifty to ninety-nine, to one address, one year 55 cents One hundred or more, to one ad- dress, one year 50 cents DRERR, SENTINEL OF LIBERTY, 324 Dearborn Street, - CHICAGO, ILL. What is  Religious     Liberty? 15,* Ł5-& Ł5-k THE importance of a correct understanding of this question, and the principles govern-ing the true relation and attitude of the church and state can not be overestimated. Jefferson says, " The spirit of these times may alter, will alter," and it must be apparent to all that religious legislation is rapidly gain-ing favor in the public mind, and is embed-ding itself in the fundamental law of the land in defiance of the Constitution and all Ameri-can Institutions. The Religious Liberty Library Nos. 1 to 26 will answer the many questions arising in your mind on the subject of church and state. They are substantially bound in cloth, in three volumes; price for the set, $1.25, postpaid. Address THE REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING CO., Battle Creek, Mich. THE LEGAL SUNDAY By the late JAMES T. RINGGOLD of the Baltimore Bar This is one of the most faithful and interesting histories of the American Sabbath ever written. 256 pages. Enameled covers. Price 25 cents. International Religious Liberty Rss'n. 324 Dearborn Street, Ł Chicago, 