802 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY and cited him before the consistory of Avignon to be judged for his usurpation of the apostolic chair. Finally, both hav-ing refused to appear, they anathema-tized each other by the ringing of bells and the light of torches, declaring each other apostates, schismatics, and heretics. They preached crusades against each other, and called to their aid all the ban-ditti and malefactors of Italy and France, and let them loose like wild beasts on the unfortunate inhabitants who recognized Clement or preferred Urban. "In the States of the Church the Clem-entists made horrible havoc, ruined cas-tles, burned villages, and even several cities; they penetrated as far as Rome, under the leading of Budes, a Breton captain, seized on the fortress of St. An-gelo, and committed atrocities in all parts of the city. In Naples and Romagna the Urbanists, commanded by an English-man named Hawkwood, a former leader of free companies, took their revenge and committed reprisal. Everywhere pil-lage, rape, incendiarism, and murder were committed in the name of Clement, or in the honor of Urban. The unhappy cultivators fled with their wives and chil-dren, to escape the satellites of the Ro-man pontiff, and were massacred by the soldiery of the pope of Avignon. "Everywhere hamlets and villages ex-hibited only ruins blackened by the flames; the dead bodies of thousands of men and women lay unburied in the fields ; the flocks wandered without rest-ing places ; the crops were trampled under feet for want of reapers to harvest them; and these magnificient provinces were threatened to be converted into im-mense deserts, had not Captain Hawk-wood taken prisoner the leader of the Clementists and this arrested the devasta-tions for a time."ŠDe Cormenin. "Urban's great difficulty was the dis-order and poverty of his finances. The  usual wealth which flowed to the papal court was interrupted by the confusion of the times. The papal estates were wasted by war, occupied by his enemies, or by independent princes. Not only did he seize to his own use the revenues of all vacant benefices, and sell to the citizens of Rome property and rights of the churches and monasteries (from this traffic he got 40,000 florins*) ; not only did he barter away the treasures of the churches, the gold and silver statues, crosses, images of saints, and all the splendid furniture, he had recourse to the extraordinary measure of issuing a com-mission to two of his new cardinals to sell, impawn, and alienate the estates and property of the Church, even without the consent of the bishops, beneficed clergy, or monasteries." "Everywhere might be found divis-ions, spoliations, even bloodshed; ejected and usurping clergy, dispossessed and in-trusive abbots and bishops; feuds, bat-tles for churches and monasteries. Among other causes of discord, arose this the most discordant : to the demoral-izing and unchristianizing tendencies of the times was added a question on which the best might differ, which to the bad would be an excuse for every act of vio-lence, fraud or rapacity. Clement and his cardinals are charged with great atroc-ities against the adherents of Urban. The Italian partisans of Clement, who escaped the cruelty of Urban, crowded to the court of Clement ; but that court, at first extremely poor, gave but cold en-tertainment to these faithful strangers: they had to suffer the martyrdom of want for their loyalty. When this be-came known others suppressed their opinions, showed outward obedience to the dominant power, and so preserved their benefices. "France at times bitterly lamented her *A florin was equal to $2.42%. 