534 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the observance nothing more than a pa-gan, righteousness-by-works observance. They do not seem to know that it is more in harmony with Christianity for a person to use the Sabbath as an ordinary work-ing day, if his conscience does not con-demn him, than it is for him to " observe " without a vital, personal conviction and joirpose in the matter. T An Honorable Excep- he following pCti- tionŠLet it Be- tion, signed by thirty- come the Rule eight men and twenty-one women, has been presented to the worthy members of the baseball team of Herman, Minn." : Forasmuch as the quiet of our Sabbath has been recently disturbed by the Sunday ball game, which is a practise not only against the commands of God, but is also detrimental to the moral and religious life of the community, placing temptations in the way of our young people to disregard the moral influence of quiet Sabbath observance, besides lowering an other-wise innocent amusement to such a standard of morality that it cannot be supported by the Christian citizen : Therefore, we, the under-signed citizens of Herman and vicinity, re-spectfully petition your honorable body that you refrain from the sport on the Sabbath day, and that you use your influence to dis-courage the practise in the community. In the name of good citizenship and of pure morality we pray that this petition receive your favor-able consideration.' The signers of this petition are to be congratulated. Their method of proceed-ing against Sunday baseball is an honor-able exception to that of most of the re-ligious people who interest themselves in behalf of Sunday observance. They have indeed acted as Christian citizens in the matter, which is a thing so unusual on the part of " Christian " citizens that it de-serves special notice. They have not gone to the law and the authorities, but they have gone to the parties themselves ; and instead of coming with threats of arrest and prosecution, they have in a respectful and Christian manner urged the claims of what they regard as the Sabbath and  sought to have ball playing upon it dis-continued. And thus they have not dis-graced the religion that they seek to rep-resent, as do many others, whose motives are equally religious, in appealing to " law " and demanding its enforcement in a matter where persuasion and appeal alone should be employed. Fined for not °beery The occasion of the ing the "Canadian declarations 'quoted Sabbath" elsewhere from two Canadian newspapers to the effect that the " Canadian Sabbath " and the laws enforcing its observance must be strictly observed by the American " stranger: within our gates," was no doubt the case described in this item from the Winnipeg (Manitoba) Telegram of August 4: On Tuesday, F. E. Arkell, of Carberry, was called upon as a justice of the peace to deal with a peculiar case. ipA man arrived in Car-berry over a week ago, and being a Seventh-day Adventist did not feel that Sunday should stop his labor, and accordingly he spent Sun-day last working on a building. A complaint was laid, and Constable Tidsberry took up the case. The man on being brought before the magistrate stated that he was utterly ignorant of Canadian law, and after he had received a full explanation thereof, Mr. Arkell fined him $3 and costs, and warned him that any future case of a similar kind would be dealt with to the fullest limit of the law. This is the first case of the kind that has ever come up in Carberry. After investigation the British vice-council at Odessa, Russia, has officially reported that the Kishineff newspaper, Bessarabyetz, was largely responsible for the terrible anti-Jewish outbreak, and that the rioting could have been stopped in its early stages had the authorities been dis-posed to take resolute action. One point in this Kishineff affair that should not be overlooked is this : One of the products and chief agencies of enlightenment and civilization can be used to outrage civili-zationŠcan be used most effectively to Er .10 