"FEUDAL AMERICA" 347 our Benevolent Feudalism will be re-cruited, as now, mostly from the clerkly class ; and it will be officered largely by the sons and nephews of the barons. But its actions will be tempered by a saner policy. Governed by those who have most to fear from popular exasperation, it will show a finer re-straint. A general view of the new society will present little of startling novelty. A per-son leaving this planet to-day and revis-iting "the pale glimpses of the moon" when the new order is in full swing will from superficial observation see but few changes. Alter et idernŠanother, yet the sameŠhe will say. Only by closer view will he mark the deepening and widening of channels along which the powerful currents of present tendencies are borne ; only so will he note the effect of the more complete development of the mighty forces now at work. Peace will be the main desideratum, and its cultivation will be the most hon-ored science of the age. A happy blend-ing of generosity and firmness will char-acterize all dealings with open discon-tent; but the prevention of discontent will be the prior study, to which the in-tellect and the energies of the nobles and their legates will be ever bent. To that end the teachings of the schools and col- Ł leges, the sermons, the editorials, the stump orations, and even the plays at the theaters will be skilfully and persuasively molded ; and the questioning heart of the poor, which perpetually seeks some an- swer to the painful riddle of the earth, will meet with a multitude of mollifying responses. These will be : From the churches, that discontent is the fruit of atheism, and that religion alone is a sol-ace for earthly woe; from the colleges, that discontent is ignorant and irration-al, since conditions have certainly bet-tered in the last one hundred years ; from the newspapers, that discontent is anar-chy; and from the stump orators that it is unpatriotic, since this nation is the greatest and most glorious that ever the sun shone upon. As of old, these rea-sons will for the time suffice; and against the possibility of recurrent questionings new apologetics will be skilfully formu-lated, to be put forth as occasion requires. On all sides will be obierved a greater respect for power; and the former ten-dency toward rash and bitter criticism of the upper classes will decline. This, then, in the rough, is our Benev-olent Feudalism to-be. It is not precisely a Utopia, not an "island valley of Avil-ion ;" and yet it has its commendable, even its fascinating features. "The em-pire is peace," shouted the partisans of Louis Napoleon ; and a like cry, with an equal ardency of enthusiasm, will be ut-tered by the supporters of the new re-gime. Peace and stability will be its de-fensive arguments, and peace and stabil-ity it will probably bring. But tranquil or unquiet, whatever it may be, its triumph is assured; and existent forces are carrying us toward it with an ever accelerating speed. Our age is proud of its tolerance in matters of belief. But there are two kinds of tolerance. The one is the easy sort which doesn't care enough about the matter to have any feeling. It has  never looked deep enough to realize how important the differences of belief really are. That tolerance is only another name for indifference and ignorance, and the fiercest intolerance which proceeds 