42 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY "being now at no great distance, letters and embassies passed daily between them. Both' pretended to have nothing so much at heart as the unity of the Church, but both were equally averse to the means of procuring it. They pretended to be de-sirous of conferring in person, but no place could be found to which the one or the other did not object. Gregory ex-cepted against all maritime places, and Benedict against all at a instance from the sea. You would have thought the one a terrestrial animal that hated the water, and the other an aquatic that dreaded the dry land. This conduct gave offense to an sensible and well-meaning men, who could not but see that their fears were affected, and dangers were pretended where there was nothing to fear. All loudly complained of so pal-pable and criminal a collusion ; and how shocking it was to see two men, both at the age of seventy and upward, sac-rificing their reputation, their conscience, and the peace of the Church to their am-bition, to the desire of reigning but for a few days." (Leonardo of Arezzio)ŠBower. Gregory XII. first. showed his hand through these pretensions. He broke the agreement to appoint no new cardinals, by appointing four at once. The former cardinals were summoned before him. He informed then that he had determined to resume the full exercise of the papal power. They fled to Pisa, and appealed to a general council. Benedict XIII., on his part, resumed full papal functions by issuing two bulls at once, each one ex-communicating the king of France. He sent the bulls by messengers instructed to deliver them into the king's own hands, and to return with all speed. They de-livered the bulls as instructed, but, in-stead of returning, they were captured and put in prison. The king assembled some members of his parliament, and the deputies of the  University of Paris, with nobles and prelates. One of the prelates preached a sermon from the text, "His iniquity shall fall on his own head," and pre-sented thirteen charges against "Peter de Luna, called Benedict XIII." Amongst these were charges of perjury and of heresy. The bulls were declared by the council "illegal, treasonable, and injurious to the king's majesty." The king told his chancellor to "do what was right." The chancellor tore each of the bulls in two. One half he gave to the nobles, and the other half to the prelates and the dele-gates of the university. These tore the bulls into shreds. A proclamation was published in Italy announcing the neutral-ity of France in the contest between the popes, "asserting the perjury, treachery, and heresy of both popes," and calling upon all churches to abandon both. "Christendom had beheld with indigna-tion this miserable game of chicanery, stratagem, falsehood, perjury, played by two hoary men, each above seventy years old. . . . The mutual fear and mis-trust of the rival popes was their severest self-condemnation. These gray-headed prelates, each claiming to be the repre-sentative of Christ upon earth, did not attempt to disguise from the world that neither had the least reliance on the truth, honor, justice, religion of his adversary. Neither would scruple to take any advan-tage of the other; neither would hesitate at any fraud, or violence, or crime ; nei-ther would venture within the grasp of the other, from the avowed apprehension for his liberty or his life. The forces at the command of each must be exactly balanced ; the cities or sovereigns in whose territories they were to meet must guarantee to give hostages for their per-sonal security. They deliberately charged each other with the most nefarious secret designs, as well as with equivocation, eva-sion, tampering with sacred oaths, per-jury."ŠMiltnan. 