EDITORIAL 173' But there is fortunately small likelihood that the necessary legislation will be secured in this generation. The effort has served to show the practically immovable opinion of the great majority that the American Sunday should not be destroyed by a mistaken idea of liberality. The members of the legisla-ture are overwhelmingly against a change. The newspapers with few exceptions oppose it. The churches are united in their con-demnation of it, although a few advanced clergymen have given it their sanction. As for the citizens generally, the significant de-velopment is the bold expression of belief, even among those who are not members of , churches, that the American Sunday is so useful in the economic arrangement of the modern life that any disturbance of its se-curity would be calamitous. The Post then declares that "in seek-ing the reasons for American conquests in the industry and trade of the world," Continental nations "have found that the American Sunday has contributed mightily to the victorious excellence of the American workingman ;" that Em-peror William has discovered that the drinking of beer on Sundays "directly diminishes the product of the German laborer ;" and that German citizens in the United States "assert that not only is the Continental Sunday an impossibility in America, but that whenever it has been tried it has led to demoralization." The Post then continues : All these instances add to the importance of keeping the American Sunday different from the other days of the week. Its value is too great, its favor is too firmly estab-lished in the habits and thoughts and de-sires of the people, for it to be weakened by experiments. No man can honestly complain of any lack of liberty in the larger interpre-tation of the laws which surround it. It is one of the very best of our institutions and the nation will suffer if it is changed. "Great is Diana of the Ephesians !" Great is the Sunday of the Americans ! "Sirs, ye know that by this . . . we  have our wealth." There is abundant evidence to show that the legal Sunday commands as zealous and intense sup-port with a large portion of the people as did the temple of the great goddess Diana among the silversmiths of Ephe-sus, and it is inspired by motives scarcely distinguishable. Here is another phase of this senti-ment which is so strenuous in its sup-port of the "American Sunday." We quote from an editorial in the Council Bluffs (Iowa) Nonpareil of December 2: While individual actions show an increas-ing disregard for the observance of the Sab-bath official recognition of the day seems as rigid as ever. This is illustrated by the fact that the Charleston Exposition opened yes-terday,. but with a sacred concert, and the starting of the machinery will not be until to-day when President Roosevelt will press the button and thus set things whirling. There would be very little labor on Presi-dent Roosevelt's part to press that button, and if he had done so yesterday he would'  not personally have done enough work to Ł even chip a bit off the edge of the command-ment, but had he done so there would have been a general outcry of protest against his desecration of the day and it would have been shared in by many who themselves are not strenuous in its observance. There is many a man who is far from . moral who wants his wife to belong to church and his children to say their prayers. There is much such a feeling among the masses in regard to the official recognition of Sunday. Whatever they May do them-selves they want the government to be more circumspect in its conduct than they are themselves and to have a higher standard than that which they reach up to in their owil lives. Citizens who are not themselves religious want the government to be relig-ious. They don't want to see church and' state joined, but they do want to see morality and state wedded closely. The absolute worthlessness, so far as religion or moral principle is concerned, Ł of the sentiment set forth in the above 