376 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY visitor does not always see everything right," and says the views in question are " about what might be expected from one who is convinced that the Catholic Church is attempting to overthrow the French Republic." This view of M. Go-hier's views on the point in question is about what might be expected from a periodical which can calmly publish as a matter of course that the President of the United States has appointed a man to a very important civil office because he is " a Catholic " and " was educated in a Catholic college " ; because it is as-sumed that the people who inhabit the territory with the affairs of which he is to deal " are Catholic " ; and " especial-ly " because " it was thought wise to put a Catholic into " an office in which the incumbent would have the chief voice in the decision of questions involving prop-erty and other interests of the Catholic Church ! A periodical that can see not-ing wrong in that can hardly be expected to know when there is " imminent and serious danger that the Catholic Church is about to rule this country to its ruin." But it is very probable that events will yet teach The Independent that M. Go-hier saw tendencies and realties to which it was blind. Ł Of course the matter of Sunday ob-servance, or rather of enforcement, is one of the features of " the religious situation in America " which caught the attention of M. Gohier when making his observations here last summer. He says that " the affliction of the Protestant world is its Sunday," and remarks thus as to the matter in the United States : Laborers who indulge in certain pleasures during the week because they are confined in shops and factories cannot have them on Sun-day merely because it is Sunday. Museums and libraries are closed; mail is not delivered. At Chillicothe, Ohio, the municipal board tried once to reduce the fines and other penalties which fell upon the managers of playhouses for violation of the laws against Sunday per- formances. The pastors were in an uproar. They called mass-meetings to demand the dis-missal of the mayor and his associates. It was evident .that the church could not stand com-petition with the other shows, if the two were to take place at the same time. M. Gohier touches a vital point here. The church desires Sunday enforcement in order to prevent competition on the day that she assumes to be exclusively her own. She desires the state to secure her in a monopoly of the slay. It was reported from Rome and Paris last week that " the papal nuncio at Paris has confidentially informed President Loubet that it will be impossible for the Pope to receive him if he visits Rome as the guest of the King of Italy," and that " M. Loubet has conveyed to his Holiness a private expression of regret because of this decision." There is every reason to believe that this refusal to receive the French President is not due so much to the visit to the Quirinal, but is intended by the Vatican as a snub for the French government because of the policy it has carried into effect with regard to the re-ligious associations, and which now threatens to lead to the abolition of the Concordat and to the separation of church and state. Ł Anent the recent " Sabbath observ- ance " pronouncement of the Presby-terian General Ł Assembly, The Public (Chicago) makes this pertinent com-ment : By " Sabbath " this body of religionists means Sunday. But what authority they have for regarding Sunday as a sacred day it would probably puzzle them to explain. From this dilemma they cannot escape by any such plea as that it makes no difference what day of the week is set apart for religious observance, pro-vided' one day be so distinguished; for they attribute sacredness to this particular day. For giving that attribute to Saturday the Jews and other seventh-day worshipers have Bib-lical authority, but what authority is there for disregarding the sacred character of Saturday and setting up Sunday as the sacred day? 