304 THE SENTINEL OF country in the term "American Sabbath." For the notion that. the Sunday institu-tion is to be regarded as a political, na-tional one, and as such to be given official, legal care and protection, is as repugnant to common sense and the prin-ciples of true religion as is the notion that the King of England, or any other potentate or man whatsoever, is "the head of the Church and the defender of the faith." The ideas are virtually one; the one is the complement of the other. They who in this country loudly com-plain at the Government, and at civil of-ficials, whenever they are not strictly circumspect with regard to Sunday ob-servance, virtually declare that from that source people are to look for religious guidanceŠthat, in fact, the Government is the head of the church. The mixing of Sunday observance, or any other religious observance, with civil, political affairs, is paganish, and it will very naturally lead to the panganish conception that the state, the govern-ment, the king is supreme in religion. And religion of course will become just what the state, the government, the king make it. God, through His Son, is the Head of all true religion, and they who look elsewhere, and teach the people to look elsewhere, are dealing deadly blows to something far more vital to the re-ligious interests of the people than is the "Englishman's Sunday" or the "Amer-ican Sabbath," either. Ł The sort of Sabbath or Sunday-keep-ing that can be secured by legislation is very similar to that suggested in this lit-tle incident : MammaŠYou mustn't bowl your hoop in the front on Sunday. You must go into the back garden. TommyŠIsn't it Sunday in the back gar-den. mamma? CHRISTI:4N LIBERTY The law may transfer people on Sun-day from the front yard to the back yard, but it cannot make them really observe the day. They are likely to get into far more mischief in the back yard than if they were left in plain view in front. m Church and State in rtlte Philippines and Elsewhere In a communication to the. Christian Advocate of this city, Mr. Homer C. Stuntz, D.D., writes from Manila, P. I., of the position taken by the Civil Com-mission in the matter of the relation be-tween church and state, and of the enmity and antagonism toward the Commission engendered thereby among the Catholic friars. The incident related took place last summer, but it is not too old for pres-ent consideration. It seems that in the town of Tarlac the Filipino municipal council had undertaken to regulate the fees that should be charged by the Catholic prieit in that place for per-forming his priestly functions. The priest objected, and appeal was made to Governor Taft, who seized the oppor-tunity afforded by the incident to set forth in the following proclamation the clear distinction and separation that should be maintained between church and state : OFFICE OF THE CIVIL COMMISSION, PHILIPPINE ISLANDS, MANILA, P. I. July 31, 1901. CAPTAIN WALLIS 0. CLARK, GOVERNOR OF TARLAC, TARLAC, P. On July 24 I re- ceived a call from Father Eusebio Nativdad, a Filipino Roman Catholic priest in the town of Tarlac. He came to complain against the municipal council of the town, that the town was attempting by ordinance or resolution to regulate the fees which he was charging for religious functions performed by him as a priest of the Roman Catholic Church in the church at Tarlac. Similar complaints have come to me from other parts of the archipela-go, and I deem it wise, therefore, in a public 