The Sentinel OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY VOL. XVIII NEW YORK, MAY 21, 1903 NO. 21 When we come to inquire what reason can be given for the claim of power to enact a Sunday law we are told, looking at it in its purely civil aspect, that it is absolutely necessary for the benefit of his [the individual's] health and the restoration of his powers, and in aid of this great social necessity the legislature may, for the general convenience, set apart a particular day of rest and require its observance by all. This argument is founded on the assumption that men are in the habit of working too much, and thereby en-tailing evil upon society, and that without compulsion they will not seek the necessary repose which their exhausted natures demand. This is to us a new theory, and is contradicted by the history of the past and the observations of the present. We have heard, in all ages, of declamations and reproaches against the vice of indolence, but we have yet to learn that there has ever been any general com-plaint of an intemperate, vicious, unhealthy, or morbid industry. On the contrary, we know that mankind seek cessation from toil from the natural influences of self-preservation, in the same manner and as certainly as they seek slumber, relief from pain, or food to ap-pease their hunger. . . . The amount of rest required by one half of society may be widely disproportionate to that required by the other. It is a matter of which each individual must be permitted to judge for himself, according to his own instincts and necessities. As well might the legislature fix the days and hours for work and enforce their observance by an unbending rule which shall be visited alike upon the weak and the strong. Whenever such attempts are made the law-making power leaves its legitimate sphere and makes an incursion into the realms of physiology, and its enactments, like the sumptuary laws of the ancients, which prescribed the mode and texture of people's clothing, or similar laws which might prescribe and limit our food and drink, must be regarded as an invasion, with-out reason or necessity, of the natural rights of the citizen, which are guaranteed by the fundamental law. THE TRUTH IS, HOW-EVER MUCH IT MAY BE DISGUISED, THAT THIS ONE DAY OF REST IS A PURELY RELIGIOUS IDEA. ŠSupreme Court of California in Er parte Newman, 9 Cal: 502. From opinion written by Chief Justice Terry. THE SUNDAY-LAW QUESTION IN FLORIDA  PUBLISHED WEEKLY ONE DOLLAR A YEAR PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., II West 20th St.. New York City OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA Ł KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI Entered January 2, 1903, at New York, N. Y., as second-class matter, under Act of Congress .0 March 3. 4t479 