THE BIBLE IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS 817 it is actual fact.. The Chinese govern-ment has just established some so-called colleges in which Western learning shall be taught as well as the Chinese classics. It is required in the provincial college of Shantung that every pupil shall, as is the general custom, do daily homage to Confucius. The Christian pupils object. The Chinese officials are startled by the growth of Christian missions and the consequent loss of respect for the Chinese scriptures of Confucius, and so they lay down this rule of bowing before the fig-ure of Confucius as a way of maintaining the integrity of the national spirit. It is precisely the same sort of reason as con-trols those who want the Bible read in our schools. This seems very reasonable to the Chinese, just as the parallel argu-ment seems very reasonable to President Butler. The progressive Governor of Shansi, Tsen Chuan-hsuan, and the still more progressive taotai, Shen Tung-ho, have issued regulations requiring all men of literary degree, whether Christians or not, to worship at stated times in the Confucian temples. That is no different in principle from our requiring Jewish children to hear the New Testament read and to sing Christmas carols. In the provincial college of Shansi students in the department of Western learning are not required to do homage to Confuaus, but are required to do so in the Chinese department. This seems to the Chinese rulers very tolerant, and it compels Chris-tian youth to get their Chinese learning elsewhere. It may help us to get at the principle involved if we observe how it Ł applies where we are in the minorityŠin China, for example. Remember that Catholics and Jews object to the reading of our Bible in the public schools of this coun-try, precisely as our missionaries object to a religious service in Chinese public schools in honor of Confucius. We hold that in public schools sup-ported by Christians, Jews and infidels, men of all faiths and no faith, and at-tended by their children, it is unfair and unwise to have any sort of religion se-lected and inculcated. We believe that it is the business of the church and not of the state to teach religion ; and for the church to confess its incompetency and to ask the state, through such miscel-laneous teachers as we have, to supple-ment its lack of service, is humiliating and shameful. We will trust and ask no tax-paid haphazard teachers to do the work of parents and the church. The evil of this perfunctory religious teaching is positive as well as negative. We know of a multitude of public schools in our cities where a large ma-jority of the pupils are Jews, and yet they have been required to sing Christ-mas carols in December, purely Christian songs, to the indignation of their parents. Such a requirement makes the people foes to the public school system. In the time of Archbishop Hughes there was carried on a great conflict between Prot-estants and Catholics in this country, the Catholics protesting against the reading of the Protestant Bible as a required ex-ercise. They were told that this is a Protestant country and that if they did not like it they might stay away. That is precisely what they did. They started their parochial schools, which grew to a great system which seriously antagonize our public schools. They were right in their objection, for the King James Ver-sion of the Bible is a sectarian Bible, and must be so long as the Catholic Church forbids its use and requires that a Catho-lic version be used. And yet the great principle which sep-arates the secular function of the state from the religious function ok the church is only blindly seen by many good people. The summer school of the South, meeting 