PHILADELPHIA SUNDAY-ENFORCEMENT CRUSADE HALTED 53 said : "Let us consider the statutory definition of what is forbidden. It is `any worldly employment or business whatsoever.' What does this word `worldly ' mean? Its co-relatives help us to its meaning. Very evidently worldly is contrasted with religious, and all worldly employments are pro-hibited for the sake of the religious,  ones." Reference to "buying" in terms is of rare occurrence in the laws. Perhaps the earliest appearance of the word is in the Łenactment by the Council of Mayence, in 813, A. D., under Charle-magne, which decree "that all Lord's Days shall be observed with all due veneration, and that all servile work shall be abstained from, and that buy-ing and selling may be less likely to happen, there shall be no judicial trials unless concerning capital crimes." The Council of Rheims "prohibited on the Lord's Day any mercantile trans-action." (Lewis's fist., Ibd. 66.) In one of the laws of Edward the Elder, made after the peace between the Danes and English, it was provided that "if any one engaged in Sunday marketing, let him forfeit the chattel" and pay a fine ; and in the reign of Ethelstane it was enacted "that there be no marketing on Sunday" (Ibid. 73). Among the laws of Edgar was one "that enjoined that Sunday trad-ing be abstained from" (Ibid 74) ; and laws similar in character were enacted in the reign of Ethelred and also that of Canute (Ibid. 129). The Cromwellian Parliament passed an act in 1656 in which persons who were "in any tavern, any ale house, victualing house, strong water house, tobacco house, cellar or shop, they not lodging there (and only upon urgent necessity be allowed by a Justice of the Peace), or fetching or sending any wine, ale or beer, tobacco, strong water or other strong liquor unnecessarily, and to tipple within any other house, shall be deemed guilty of profaning the Lord's Day." In the same act it was provided that every butcher kill-ing any cattle, coffermonger, poulterer, herb seller, cord wayner, shoemaker or other selling, disposing or offering to sell any of their wares or commodities,  and the persons buying said wares or commodities, shall be deemed guilty of profaning the Lord.'s Day. (Lewis's Hist;, p. 129.) In the statutes of 29 Charles II., Chap. 7, the subject was forbidden from "exercising his ordi-nary calling or business" on Sunday, and its wording was adopted in the act of 1705, passed in this Common-wealth. The act of 1794, however, contains a prohibition against "any worldly employment or business whatsoever on the Lord's Day," and enumerates the exceptions. As was said in the case of Duncan 'vs. Commonwealth, 2 Pear-son, 215, " it matters not whethei it is the person's ordinary calling or busi-ness or not." The old act of 1705 in this particular was copied from the act of Charles II already cited; but after the construction put on these words by the learned Court of Great Britain, our legislators, in passing the act of 1794, as we conceive, purposely changed the wording. They saw that the blacksmith might leave his shop and work on Sunday at making garden or building fences; "it was not his or-dinary calling;" they, therefore, for-bade "any worldly employment what-soever." In the same case it was said (p. 215) : "We are unable to see why the buyers as well as the sellers are not offenders against the law; both are doing worldly business." It is claimed, however, that the act of defendant was one of necessity in order to provide evidence of the of-fense by the seller. In the earliest law upon the observa-tion of Sunday, which seems to be the edict of Constantine, heretofore re-ferred to, and which is quoted in the opinion of Judge .Reed, in Sparhawk vs. Union Passenger Railway Company (supra), there was a mandate to all judges and all city people and all tradesnpen to rest on the venerable day of the sun, but the work of necessity excepted permitted those dwelling in the country freely and with full liberty to attend to the culture of their fields, "since it frequently happens that no other day is so fit for the sowing of grain or the planting of vines ; hence the favorable time should not be al- 