The Religion and Public Education Issue The Recent Dicussion III TOutlook, which in religion represents HAT very able periodical, The what is called the liberal school of Prot-estant thought, published several edi- torials on this religion and public edu- cation issue during the recent discus-sion, and in concluding this report we cannot do better than to give quite fully what it has taid The objection brought against our public schools is that they fail to teach religion and that religion is essential to character. Those who raise this ob-jection assume that the defects in our national character are due to our pub-lic school system, and that they would be reformed if our schools were trans-ferred from the care and direction of the state to the care and direction of the church. But no evidence whatever is adduced in support of this claim. One would think, if the claim is well founded, it ought to be easy to estab-lish its truth. The schools of Italy, Spain, and France have been until a very recent period under the entire control of the church. She has had the exclusive charge of public educa-tion. The schools of Germany and of the United States have been under the charge of the state. Have the children of Italy, Spain, and France been bet-ter educated than the children of Ger-many and the United States? Have they been more intelligent? more thrifty ? more patriotic ? more honest ? more industrious? more chaste? more law-abiding? Up to the year 1870 the education of the children of England was left almost wholly to the church, in this case to a Protestant church In 1870 a public-school system was in-troduced and the two systems were carried on together. Were the com-mon people of England better educated, were they more intelligent and more virtuous, prior to 1870 than since ? Is there any evidence that since 1870 the pupils who have been taught in the parochial schools of Great Britain have  shown a higher degree of intelligence and maintained a higher standard of morality than those who have been taught in the bpard schools, which have been carried on by the state ? The evidence, so far as it has reached us, has rather pointed in the other direc-tion ; it has indicated that in most com-munities the work in the board schools has been in every respect of a some-what higher grade than in the parochial schools. In the United States we have in the same cities, side by side, paro-chial and public schools. There is noth-ing which business men are more ear-nest to secure in boys and young men coming into their employment than the virtues of industry, temperance, truth-fulness, and honesty. If in the last quarter-century they had found these virtues more in evidence in the grad-uates from the parochial schools than in the graduates from the public schools, the public would have learned the fact by this time. The certificate of a parochial school would be a better guarantee of character than the certifi-cate of the public school, and the boys would in increasing numbers flock from the public school to the parochial school. But, unless we are misin-formed, the reverse is the case. The tendency is from the parochial school.  to the public school. . . . The graduate of the public school is preferred to the graduate of the parochial school, be-cause he is found better fitted for the strain of business life, in moral quali-ties as well as in intellectual equip-ment. The fundamental issue underlying the school question, whether in France, England, or the United States, is this : In a democratic community, is the pub-lic education of the children the func-tion primarily of the state or of the church? If education is a legitimate function of the state, then the fact that a score of men or a million men desire to send their childiten to private schools is no reason why they should be exempt from taxes levied to support the pub- 