254 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY making it operative at once." As a result everywhere throughout the State notices similar to the following from the North-wood Gleaner of March 27 are appearing in the local papers: The barber shops will be closed up tight here-after on Sundays, the legislature having passed a law to the effect that no barber shop in the State shall operate on Sunday under penalty of a fine or imprisonment. On Sunday evening, April 5, " a full form materializing seance " in progress at the " Spiritual Science Institute " at 331 W. 57th Street, New York, at which some one hundred and fifty persons were in attendance, was interrupted by the police, who claimed that those in charge of it were " giving a theatrical perform-ance on Sunday " at an admission price of $1.00. But, although complaint and application was made by the captain of the precinct, Police Magistrate Cornell re-fused the next morning to issue warrants for the arrest of the persons in charge of the seance. The Paducah (Ky.) Sun of March 21 reported that " an effort is being made to have enforced in Paducah as far as possible a general observance of the Sun-day law." Strict enforcement against the saloons was already in effect, and the following " resolved " petition from the retail clerks' association had just been placed in the hands of the mayor : To the Honorable Mayor and Board of Police Commissioners: Whereas, There is a law prohibiting the sale of merchandise on Sunday, and Whereas, There are many complaints from merchants who observe this law that some of their competitors on Broadway and many on Second street throw their doors open on Sun-day, the same as on week-days, and sell goods. thereby desecrating the Sabbath, and at the same time defying the law, Therefore, Be it resolved, that we, the Retail Clerks' Association, in regular session, do here-by petition you, the protectors and guardians of the law and rights of the people whom you represent, to see that these offenders of said law cease such offense; or that you proceed to prosecute them at once according to law. The State of Pennsylvania retains without modification her ancient Sunday law passed in 1794. Some modifications in its administration have been made through decisions of the courts, but hitherto all attempts to secure a change in the body of the law have failed. As a result very many' things are done in the State on Sundays which are illegal, but which are demanded by the choices and customs of the people. The larger  interests, such as railroads and similar forms of business, go unchallenged when they transgress the law ; but lesser in-terests, especially in the larger cities, and notably in the city of Philadelphia, are subject to much annoyance, and to what is claimed to be persecution, under the existing statute. Hence it has come about that for several years efforts have been made to modify or repeal the exist-ing law.ŠSabbath Recorder. Since so much space is required for the Philadelphia decision and much of the other matter was already in type.-it is necessary to leave over until the next number what we expected to present this week in confirmation of the idea that the campaign in behalf of the "rights" of "the Church" in the Philippines that has been prosecuted by papal or-gans and representatives in the United States has proved and is proving effective with the Government. so  that the Papacy is bending and bringing things her way in the matter. It is also necessary to omit the article on "The Su-premacy of the Papacy." In last week's article under that heading occurred three typographical errors, due to. lack of care by compositor when making corrections in the respective lines. In the ninth line from the bottom in the second column on page 232 the word "Isis" should have been "these"; in twelfth line from top of first column on page 234 the word "enquestionable" should have been "unquestionably," and of course the last word in the third line below that one should have been spelled with two p's and one I instead of just the reverse.ŠEDITOR. 