THE SUNDAY SALOON QUESTION DEBATED 225 connection'with his declaration that they should have the privilege of spending the day as seemed best to themselves, he did not intimate that a man, in doing what he considered most beneficial for himself, should have the privilege of engaging in any useful labor or business. At the close of the debate opportunity was given for questions from the audi-ence. Dr. Slicer was asked to explain the difference in principle between a law which compelled people to be idle on Sunday in order that they might worship if they wanted to (such law having been declared proper by him), and a law which compelled people to be idle and to go to church in order that they might there worship if they chose to do so, as was the case in Plymouth Colony; and, further, if both were not equally in viola-tion of the principle of separation of church and state? He replied that he thought the two were different, and did not regard the ordinary laws stopping business on Sunday as in violation of the principle of separation of church and . state. He had but just a few moments before dwelt with great emphasis on the dignity of free action, and the necessity and duty of trusting men to rule and di-rect themselves. This was with regard to the saloon and the liquor traffic. But on this point of Sunday rest, observance, and worship he declared that the work-ingman was helpless, unable to take care of himself, and therefore there must be some Sunday legislation. The cultiva-tion of the moral nature was something of great importance, and without a day of rest the workingman would have no opportunity for such cultivation; hence, owing to his "helplessness," his inability to secure a day of rest for himself, it was the duty of the state to secure it for him by Sunday legislation. It would seem that the principle of manly independence  and self-direction should apply in this matter of Sunday observance, in the mat-ter of a weekly day of rest, as much as it should anywhere else, and certainly as much as it should with regard to the sa-loon. It is certain that if it does not apply in this matter it applies nowhere, neither with regard to the saloon nor anything else. A number of times Dr. Slicer, by in-timation, gave approval to the expres-sion, "American Sunday," although at the opening of his remarks he seemed to scout the term. When approached after the debate and 'asked why the observance of Sunday, which came over with the Puritans and other Europeans to this country, should be known as American any more than the religions which came with them, he replied that of course the observance of Sunday extended far back into the past and was really of pagan origin, as was shown in the early laws enforcing it, but that he had avoided that phase of the subject in his discussion because it was too great a field to enter upon on such an occasion. The remarks of Mr. Graham, of the Church Temperance Society, had to do largely with his investigations concern-ing the liquor traffic since coming to this country from England twenty years ago, and the facts and figures presented by him constituted an indictment of the liquor traffic as a business at any time. His contention seemed to be that so ter-rible a business should not be allowed greater privileges than other businesses. and as others were compelled to respect "the Sunday," the saloon should, also, be made to do so. He could not see why saloon-keepers and their patrons should be allowed to violate a law which he had to obey. He briefly emphasized the claims of "the Sunday" as a religious institution, calling attention to "the re- . 