Religion Cannot be Taught in Secular Schools cign Eminent Educator Shows Win,' T"principle of religious instruction is authority ; that of secular instruc-tion is demonstration and verification. It is obvious that these two principles should not be brought into the same school, but separated as widely as possible. Religious truth is revealed in allegoric and symbolic form, and is to be apprehended not merely by the intellect but by the imagination and the heart. The analytic understanding is necessarily hostile and skeptical in its at-titude toward religious truth. The pupil is taught in mathematics to love demon-stration and logical proof, and he is taught in history to verify the sources and to submit all tradition to probabilities of common experience. The facts of com-mon experience dealing with the ordinary operations of causality are not sufficient to serve as symbols of what is spiritual. They are opaque facts and do not serve for symbols ; symbols are facts which serve as lenses with which to see divine things. On themes so elevated as relig-ious faith deals with, the habit of thinking cultivated in secular instruction is out of place. Even the attitude of mind culti-vated in secular instruction is unfitted for the approach to religious truth. Religious instruction should be surrounded with solemnity. It should be approached with ceremonial preparations so as to lift up the mind to the dignity of the lesson received. Christianity is indeed the religion of the This very able pointing out of the distinc-tion between the method proper for religious instruction and that proper for secular instruc-tion, and the impossibility of giving religious instruction in the public schools to the advan-tage of either church or state, is by United States Commissioner of Education, William T. Harris. The substance of the paper read by him at the American Educational Association convention in Boston in July was afterwards presented in an article in The Independent, and what is given here is reprinted from that ar-ticle.ŠEDITOR. revealed God, but there is no revelation possible to the mind immersed in trivial-ities and self-conceit. In religious les-sons, wherein the divine is taught as revealed to the human race, it is right that the raw, immature intellect of youth shall not be called upon to exercise a critical judgment, for at his best he cannot grasp the rationality of the dogmas which con-tain the deepest insights of the religious consciousness of the race. The advocate of the parochial school often urges by way of rejoinder his view that the secular branches ought to be taught in the same manner as the cate-chism, which teaches the dogmas of the church by authority; and it is a fact in parochial schools that the influence of the dogmatic tone sometimes creeps into the secular recitations, and too much au-thority in secular studies prevents the pupil from getting at the vital points. He cultivates memory at the expense of thought and insight, for the best teaching of the secular branches requires the ut-most exercise of alertness and critical acuteness of the intellect. The spirit of authority loves dogmatic assertion and the memorizing of the exact words of the text-book. It represses the investigating spirit and stifles independent thinking. Arithmetic, algebra and geometry cannot be learned by authority. It is, in fact, a nearer approach to the divine to have an insight into the necessity of mathematical proof than it is to take results of demon-stration on authority. In view of the differences between re-ligious instruction and secular instruction, and in view of the contrast between the spirit of the school and the spirit of the church, it is clear that the school cannot successfully undertake religious instruc- 