440 - THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The seismic disturbances, of which this tremendous outburst of Mont Pelee was evidently the great climax, have ex-tended throughout the American tropics, and there have even been simultaneous 'disturbances on the islands off the coast 'of Alaska. In Mexico and Central America, especially in the latter, there was volcanic activity and serious earth-quakes in April. It is estimated that in Guatemala 2,000 people were killed, and the city of Quezaltenango was practically laid in ruins. Here are some of the statements from prominent sources with regard to this ter-rible disaster in the West Indies : One of the most startling events in history. ŠThe Independent. In many respects the most appalling calam-ity of modern times.ŠNew York Times. Ranks as perhaps the greatest disaster from volcanic causes in history.ŠSpringfield Repub-lican. Will take rank with destruction of Pompeii, the earthquake at Lisbon, and the explosion of Krakatoa.ŠNew York Tribune. The disaster is without a parallel in human history. Nature seemed to have wished to re-mind man of his littleness.ŠNew York Sun. The greatest disaster of the world, with the exception of the Lisbon earthquake, when the sea rolled in and drowned 6o,000 people.ŠJames Furman Kemp, Professor of Geology at Columbia University. The catastrophe in Martinique is about the most terrible of that kind that has occurred since the earthquake at Lisbon.ŠProfessor Goldzvin Smith. No description of the appalling scenes . . . can exaggerate the heart-rending tragedy of the facts. Death and devastation fell with instantaneous and resistless force. . . . It is comparable only with the event just named [the burial under a storm of fire and lava of Pompeii and Herculaneum), with the destruc-tion of Lisbon by earthquake, and with the stu-pendous eruption of Krakatoa, near Java, in 5883.ŠThe Outlook. The greatest volcanic eruption ever known is said to have been that of the island of Krakatoa, between Java and Sumatra, in 1883. After three months of eruption the great explosion came on August 26. It was heard at Borneo, over a thousand miles distant, and was felt in West Australia nearly two thou-sand miles away, the sound zone cover-ing one-thirteenth of the earth's surface. Air waves were set in motion which trav-eled around the world four times one way and three times the other, and the volcan-ic dust which was projected into the up-per atmosphere remained there for months, producing extraordinary atmos-pheric phenomena visible over the great-er portion of the globe. Five thousand square miles of ocean were covered with lava dust, an island six miles square was submerged, and -two new islands were made. A tidal wave 135 feet high at one point was raised, and in all more than 36,000 persons lost their lives. The great earthquake of November 1, 1755, which shook three continents, but which has come to be known as the earth-quake of Lisbon, because that city suf-fered most from it, was also attended by a tidal wave and followed in Lisbon by a very destructive conflagration. The lowest estimate of the number of people who perished at Lisbon is 40,00o, but it is estimated that on that fatal day more than twice that number perished throughout Portugal, Spain and north-ern Africa. It is recorded that 200,000 persons per-ished by an earthquake at Yeddo, Japan, in 1703. In 1812 the city of Caracas, Venezuela, was destroyed, and 12,000 persons perished. About 1835 there were very great volcanic and earthquake disturbances in Central America, and shocks extending far down into South America. In 1868 several towns in Peru and Ecuador were destroyed and 25,000 lives lost. The Charleston earthquake of 1886 is the principal disturbance of that sort that has been experienced in the 