A GREAT. "TRADE-MARK" STOLEN 215 dined to good, it makes broader the nar- heavenly kingdom." (Gregor. M. lib. iii. row way, and thus the earthly serves the ep. 65.)4  A Great "Trade-Mark" Stolen (The following article, which was sent to us by a seventh-day observer of Camden, N. J., who requests that his name be not published, strikingly calls attention to a vital fact that has a very important bearing on the matter of Sunday enforcement. The question as to what day is the true Sabbath does not of course affect the principle of the enforcement of a religious observance by law; that is wrong whether the day be the true Sabbath or not. But it is very interesting in connection with the demand for the enforcement of Sunday as the Sabbath to recur to the facts which show that Sunday is not the Sabbath in any sense what-ever, and has no right whatever to the title which it has not only fraudulently appropriated, but by the power of law seeks to compel all to receive and accept. There is every reason to believe that this fraudulent character of the Sunday "sabbath" is what gives rise to the application of the false principle of religious enforcement in its behalf.ŠEditor.] I N the commerce of the world it has been deemed desirable to protect the rights of each individual from being en-croached upon by wrongdoers, and to this end nations have set up a law for the protection of trade-marks, so that when a person shall have created a par-ticular device which distinguishes the goods which such person shall have man-ufactured, no one else is permitted to im-itate such designating brand or mark, and if there is such an overstepping of the bounds of what is considered com-mon honesty, the law can be invoked to stop the infringement of the trade-mark. The trade-mark laws of the United States, entitled "An Act to authorize the registration of trade-marks and to pro-tect the same," leads persons, firms and corporations to register their trade-marks, and the law gives them protection in the use of the same for a period of There are many "saints" of the Gregory type to-day who proceed on the theory that under the direc-tion and control of the church the civil government can be brought where it can be said of it: "It helps those who are inclined to good, it makes broader the narrow way, and thus the earthly serves the heavenly kingdom." Notice, it is recognized that the attain-ment of "happiness in the hereafter world" is an end beyond the jurisdiction of civil government. But in-stead of that being recognized as a sufficient reason why the civil power should let the matter of the at-tainment of happiness in the hereafter life entirely alone, it is looked upon as simply meaning that the civil power, in pursuing its "business" of so ordering society that it will "be best adapted to the attain-ment of that end" (the end beyond its jurisdiction), "must labor in subordination to the Church." Noth-ing must deprive the ecclesiastical machine of the control of the civil power. thirty years. One of the principal ob-jects of the law thus enacted by Congress is to prevent another from appropriating such trade-mark for use in the same class of merchandise, or one so nearly resem-bling it as to be likely "to cause confu-sion or mistake in the mind of the public, or to deceive purchasers." It is consid-ered to be wrongdoing to imitate an-other's trade-mark, or to make a similar device which will be likely to confuse the mind of the public or deceive pur-chasers, and the courts of the nation give careful attention to the facts brought before them in suits for infringement of such a right to such a device. The de-fense of a right under this law is con-sidered so important that the judges of the Supreme Court devote themselves to al  most careful review of the matter, and upon proper showing those who infringe the right of another by appropriating a trade-mark are severely fined and en-joined to desist. Now, the same grave judges who pro-nounce against a comparatively trivial infringement of trade-mark rights, and the sixteen or more nations which have entered into an international arrange-ment for the protection of such rights, completely ignore this principle in a matter of far greater importance. By many decisions and many laws they have 