272 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY who observed that day above those who observed the first day, but who were equally good citizens, and who cared equally as much for the good of their country. Thus the government would find itself arrayed against a great part of its own citizens, not from any change of attitude on their part tpward the govern-men, but because of the action of the government itself in a field entirely for-eign to the purpose for which any just government is established. 3. Such action by the government in-volves injustice. It is said that the man whose day is not chosen is not prevented from observing any day he wishes. That may be true generally, though not always. But even though this were invariably so, the law is unjust. The first-day man has the same right to observe the first day, so far as man is concerned, as the sev-enth-day man has to observe the seventh day. Each conscientiously observes the . day of his choice, as he believes God re-quires. Now the state steps in and says to the first-day man, You must keep the seventh day also. It thereby imposes a tax of 16Y3 per cent. (one-sixth of his time) upon the first-day man that it does not impose upon the seventh-day man. Therefore the state is guilty of the in-justice, and not the observer of another day, unless it can be shown that the in-dividual has no right to.  choose his own religion, but must accept that adopted and enforced by the state. This hardship, this unjust demand, this injustice, would come to the first-day ob-server not by virtue of his relation as a citizen, but solely because of his religion ; and his religion does not come into con-flict with the rights of his fellow-citizens, but in conflict with their religious belief enforced by civil law. No sophistry can evade this argument. A "civil Sabbath" law would be unjust. 4. "Civil-Sabbath" laws tyrannize over conscience. That those who are working for such laws do not design to touch any man's conscience, I give them credit; yet that is the effect of such a law. It seeks to compel a man to observe an institu-tion utterly repugnant to him under the plea that it is only a "civil" law. So in the same sense was the law of Nebuchad-nezzar a civil law, in harmony with the majority, for the good of the people, and necessary for the maintenance and stabil-ity of the government of Babylon ! And Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego could have obeyed it as a civil ordinance, ac-cording to the same kind of logic, with-out compromising their faith ! All that Nebuchadnezzar required was obedience to a civil decree. The Hebrews were not forbidden to worship their God (see Daniel 3). But the loyal servants of Je-hovah thought differently. They could not be made to seem to worship that which their consciences condemned. They could defy all Babylon and go into the fiery furnace with clear consciences, rather than with compromised conscien-ces to offend God and buy the favor of the king. They would not bow down to the great image even though certain death was before them. And God vindicated their course. All this has been on the supposition that the government enforced the seventh clay. Every first-day man will admit the force of the argument, the cogency of the reasoning. But every one of the fore-going arguments are just as true if the case were reversed. The rights of the seventh-day man are as sacred as those of the first-day man, and no more. Injus-tice is as much a sin in one case as in the other. Numbers have no bearing in the matter. Injustice to one man is as truly injustice as though it were exercised to-ward a million. 