EDITORIAL. 33 presume to make it a matter of legisla-tion. It may be true that "the preservation of the quiet, thoughtful Sunday of our fathers" "is a question of tremendous importance," as the report to which we have referred declares, and that of itself may be a sufficient reason why the sub-ject should not be made a matter of leg-islation. There are some things so im-portant that force should not be used in connection with them, and the power of government should not be employed in their maintenance, and we believe that the friends of Sunday observance could do their cause no greater honor or service, and could in no better way show their real belief in its importance, than by maintaining it upon the high plane of voluntary action. t What the Founder of the Christian Religion Said. "My kingdom is not of this world : if My kingdom were of this world, then would My servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews ; but now is My kingdom not from hence." "Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." "And behold, one of them which were with Jesus stretched out his hand, and drew his sword, and struck a servant of the. high priest, and smote off his ear. Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place; for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword. Thinkest thou that I can not now pray to My Father, and He shall presently give Me more than twelve legions of angels ?" "And if any man hear My words, and believe not, I judge him not ; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the  world. He that rejecteth Me, and re-ceiveth not My words, path one that judgeth him: the word that I have spo-ken, the same shall judge him in the last day." -Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them ; for this is the law and the prophets." "And it came to pass, when the time was come that He should be received up, He steadfastly set His face to go to Jeru-salem, and sent messengers before His face ; and they went, and entered into a village of the Samaritans, to make ready for Him. And they did not receive Him, because His face was as tho He would go to Jerusalem. And when His disci-ples James and John saw this, they said, Lord wilt Thou that we command fire to come down from heaven and con-sume them, even as Elias did? But He turned and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of. For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." 4 01) Says Archbishop Ireland in the October ANorth American, Review: "A man's right to work is one of the most intimate rights of his being. It is the right to the exercise of his mental and bodily faculties. It is moreŠit is the right to life, which depends for its sus-tenance on the fruits of his labors. It is for the same reason the right of his wife and children to their lives. Of this right no man can, with any shadow of equity, deprive another. Neither can any man by his own authority dictate to another when and how this right is to be used. Else this other were his subject, his slave." This is a splendid statement of a great truth. One of the chief objects of this 