EDITORIAL 231 The Independent sees in the recent ap-pointment of " Monsignor " O'Connell to the rectorship of the (Roman) Catholic University at Washington evidence that " the whirligig of time is now avenging the men who were condemned for `Amer-icanizing' the Catholic Church." In this connection it lets slip a statement regard-ing a matter of far greater concern to,all true Americans that should be noted and emphasized. We refer to the portion of the following sentence that we have itali-cized : Archbishop Ireland and Monsignor O'Con-nell were for a while in discredit [at Rome], but lately the " Americanists " have come into influence again, and in the mission of Governor Taft to Rome they scored a distinct political success. What does The Independent wish to have understood from this last statement? Just what is this " distinct political suc-cess " that the " Americanists " of the Roman Catholic Church have scored " in the mission of Governor Taft to Rome "? Why was it striven for? how was it at-tained ? what does it secure for those who scored it? What part did politicians and statesmen play in bringing about this " distinct political success " of a section of the Roman Catholic Church in this country? Was it a part that accords with that fundamental principle of the nation respecting the relation of church and state ? or was it a part played in obe-dience to the desires and persuasions of ecclesiastics who were enabled to exert a powerful influence (with those who would yield to such influence) because of the character and greatness of the re-ligious constituency behind them? How is it that what The Independent so con-fidently affirmed last spring was solely for the purpose of accomplishing a mere " business " transaction between the Gov-ernment and " the authority which con-trols the friars and their possessions," and which -at that time it would have every- body believe was a step taken by the Gov- Ł ernment wholly upon its own volition and in its own interests, was the securing, or the means of the securing, of " a distinct political success " by and for what is no doubt coming to be the most influential and powerful section of the Roman Cath-olic Church in the United States? It would be very interesting to have The Independent go into details concerning what it affirms, or perhaps it would be more true to say, what it inadvertently acknowledges ; but it is not likely to do this. It has admitted and affirmed what is indeed a fact in reality, and a fact of great significance and importance, but, we fear, it is not a fact that The Independent cares to have pointed out and emphasited in the way it ought to be pointed out and emphasized. When it is a matter of the influence and standing of the " Ameri-canists " of the Roman Catholic Church in this country with the ecclesiastical au-thorities at Rome, it is ready to affirm that " in the mission of Governor Taft to Rome they scored a distinct political success " ; but when it is a matter of the influence and manipulation of these same Roman Catholic " Americanists " with the governmental authorities at Wash-ington, it is not at all likely that The In-dependent will be able to see that in this governmental " mission " to Rome these Roman Catholic ecclesiastics scored a dis-tinct political success. But they certainly did; and the thing demonstrates that they are doing something else besides " Amer-icanizing' the Catholic Church " ; they are also Catholicizing the American na-tion. And it is this latter work no doubt that is causing the removal of the con-demnation that rested upon them for the former. The American people should arouse themselves to what " the whirligig of time " is now doing for their nation, for it is doing some things that they cannot afford to treat with indifference. 