346 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY station to which the laws, of nature and of nature's God entitle him, and he becomes a member of the despised fifth class, subject to the abhorrent restrictions of the " ghetto." On the strength of facts furnished by Russian government publications, a cor-respondent of the New Orleans Picayune wrote a few months ago : The " territorial ghetto " is a name applied to a district set aside for the habitation of such Jews as do not possess real estate elsewhere, or have no established commercial institutions. Places of this kind exist in various parts of the empire ; the unfortunate dwellers therein have had some experience to instruct them as to the future, and their present condition is one of abject misery and want. The poverty-stricken Russian Jew is, indeed, a pitiable creature. The law excludes him from agricultural pursuits. On account of their venerable faith they are denied employ-ment on the government works. They cannot compete for the government contracts. The business of the artisan is closed to them. They are forbidden to work as goldsmiths, shoe-makers, masons, tailors. They may not even be servants, or dig the ground even for the profit of a Russian master. . . . Under such restrictions it is hardly a matter of wonder that the Jews in the settlement districtsŠto apply the official name to the so-called " ter-ritorial ghettos "Šfind themselves unable to provide for their simplest needs. The settle-ment districts are simply gigantic cemeteries, where hope and ambition are first interred. and where death of the body speedily follows the death of the finest aspirations of the mind. . . . Since last November over 3,000 Jewish citizens, deported to the settlement district, have died of hunger and cold. The semi-official Slovno, after reporting on the death by frost and hunger of half a dozen Or more families, says " It is impossible to speak of conditions' of life in the settlement district; the prevailing order has only one tendencyŠthat of insuring slow death. Locked up within the towns, the Jews dare notŁ touch a blade of grass or a feather, they dare do nothing that would make life endurable or insure them a harvest of bread. Outside the cities agriculture lan-guishes for want of hands, but the thousands of idle hands confined in the " ghettos " risk life and liberty when they attempt to work for a living in God's free nature. At the same time they are forbidden to even aspire to gov- ernment or municipal jobs, high or low. Even the city knackeries, certainly the lowest of in-stitutions, will not employ a person with a hooked nose, or one who cannot produce a baptismal certificate. Likewise is artisanship closed to these wards of the nation; they can neither engage in manufacturing nor in factory work. Commerce, finance, rum-selling, butch-eries alone are open to them; but commerce is dead, finances are not for the homeless and fortuneless, and rum-selling and butcheries are businesses in which Jews can obtain but a meager patronage." In a recent editorial the New York Tribune sags : The Jews were admitted into Russia by Peter the Great two centuries ago. Elizabeth expelled them in 1743, but Catharine II. read-mitted them, and Alexander I. gave them full liberty in trade and industry. These latter privileges were withdrawn by Nicholas I., who excluded them from the greater part of the empire and crowded them into a few prov-inces. In annexing Poland Russia acquired a large Jewish population, multitudes of Jews having in the fourteenth century flocked into Poland to find asylum from German persecu-tion ; and many more were annexed to Bess-arabia. So it comes about that Russia has a larger Jewish population than any other coun-try in the world. It is also true that the Jews are treated with more harshness by the Rus-sia government than by any other. The " pale " within which Jews are per-mitted to live comprises Poland, West Russia, South Russia, excepting the Don Cossacks' country, a part of Little Russia, and the one Baltic province of Courland. From all the rest of the empire they are excluded by law, save that a few wealthy and influential Jews are tolerated there contrary to the law, and that, under a decree of Alexander II., three Jews are permitted to live in each town where there is a railway station. But it must not be supposed that in the sixteen provinces within the pale the Jews have anything like equal rights with Russians. In Courland Jewish residents are confined to descendants of fam-ilies settled there before 1825. In the prov-inces of West, South and Little Russia Jews are compelled to live within the towns and are strictly forbidden to putchase, rent or occupy any agricultural land. They are practically excluded from the service of the state and from the learned professions, and are not per-mitted to take part in communal and munici-pal elections. . . . They are crowded into the 