EDITORIAL  521 my eye." And if the President of the United States is not careful to distin-guish between the plea of justice for the Filipinos, and sympathy for lynchings and burnings, it is too much to expect that the Filipinos will distinguish be-tween those Americans who come to conquer them in order to confer "liberty" upon them, and those who are respon-sible for the horrible lynchings which they know frequently occur in the coun-try whose rule is held up 'to them as the fountain and source of all blessing. The victory of the American arms was held up as the only effective way of putting a stop to cruelty in the Philip-pines, and in this connection it was said : Our soldiers conquer; and what is the ob-ject for which they conquer? To establish a military government? No. . . . Other nations have conquered to create irresponsi-ble military rule. We conquer to bring just and responsible civil government to the ,con-quered. In this connection it is well to remem-ber that no nation, no conqueror, has ever proceeded upon the conquest of any people with the avowed purpose of tyr-annizing over them. Some of the most absolute and arbitrary despots that the world has ever seen have professed for those over whom they intended to extend their sway the most liberal and beneficent intentions, and some of them have even deceived themselves into believing that what they were doing was commended of Heaven. Not so much by what they say, but by what they do, are conquerors to be judged. The portion of the President's address which perhaps attracted wider attention than any other was that in which it was hinted that independence might at some time be accorded to the Filipinos. It was stated that they could not grasp in a day "the slowly-learned and difficult art of self-government, an art which our people have taught themselves by the la- bor of a thousand years." And then was expressed what is no doubt the hon-est position of many who hold that America should govern the Filipinos : We believe that we can rapidly teach the people of the Philippine Islands not only how to enjoy, but how to use their freedom; and with their growing knowledge, their growth in self-government shall keep steady pace. When they have thus shown their capacity for real freedom by their power of self-govern-ment, then, and not till then, will it be possible to decide whether they are to exist independ-ently of us or to be knit to us by ties of com-mon friendship and interest. When that day will come, it is not in human wisdom now to foretell. According to this the Filipinos are to obtain a knowledge of "the slowly-learned and difficult art of self-govern-ment" in an entirely different way from that in which Americans have obtained it. In the one case it was self-taught by labor and experience ; in the other it is to be inculcated by self-appointed instruc-tors. And until these instructors decide that they are through with their self-im-posed task, there can be no decision as to whether or not the Filipinos shall then have their independence. But when that time comes, which "it is not in human wisdom now to foretell," it will be pos-sible to make such a decision, and it may then be decided that they can "exist inde-pendently of us." This is, of course, a promise of independence that is scarcely any promise at all. But even scant as it is, it has not been proffered by the Government to the Filipinos. And here is the worst feature of this whole Philippine matter. For there is no reason to doubt the words .of one of the most prominent newspapers of the nation, that a promise now to the Filipinos of independence as soon as they have shown capacity for such free-dom and self-government, "duly authen-ticated and immediately made the norm of all our conduct in the Philippines, 