THE CHURCH-AND-STATE NEGOTIATIONS AT THE VATICAN sox Governor Taft, that it is by no means certain that the Government will accom-plish anything in the way of business after all that it has done in the matter. Under date of June 21 comes a very sig-nificant message from Rome, reading as follows : Governor Taft received to-night the Vati-can's answer in Italian. It was somewhat dis-appointing. Americans had been led to sup-pose that the question was almost settled, but the answer, couched in general terms, made no definite promises, and invited Governor Taft to make a definite statement, in addition to the general proposition contained in Secre-tary Root's instructions which Mr. Taft pre-sented to the Vatican. The most important passage reads: "The Vatican is aware of the entire senaration of ' church and state in America, BUT HOPES THAT THE WASHINGTON GOVERN-MENT WILL TAKE INTO CONSIDERA-TION THE CONTRARY CONDITIONS IN THE NEW TERRITORY NOW UN-DER THEIR JURISDICTION." This sounds like the Papacy, indeed, and it puts a different complexion upon the matter than that given it by the confident assertions made but a short time ago by The Independent and other prominent journals to the effect that the Pope had no other desire than to do what was right in the matter, and was only waiting to know what the Govern-ment wanted in order to join with it in bringing about good government and religious peace in the Philippines. The Papacy cares nothing whatever about good government and religious peaar, nor any other kind of peace, so long as it runs counter to any of her selfish desires. She will not surrender her position in the Philippines as long as there is the least possibility of holding on. And it is more than likely that the Government, in go-ing out of its way to deal with her in this matter, has only strengthened her in her natural, logical, consistent and age-long principle and practise; and has made  the settlement of the question at issue in accordance with the principle it has laid down more difficult than ever. The very plain fact is that in under-taking to govern the Philippines the American Government has gotten itself into an awkward situation as regards the PapacyÑa situation which distinctly raises the issue between the American and the papal principle as regards the relation of church and state. And it is a situation which gives every evidence of eventuating to the advantage of the Pa-pacy. If the Government applies the principle of separation of church and state in the Philippines, as now seems to be its honest intention, it will call down upon itself the bitter denunciation of the forces of Catholicism in this country, whose wrath in the matter is now at white heat. It will be accused, as it is now being accused by the papal organs, of surrendering to "the plans of the Protestant sects to utilize the American Government to spread Protestantism in a Catholic country," of aiding in the es-tablishment of "heresy" in the Philip-pines, and of abetting "the insidious attempts to rob our Catholic brothers of their priceless heritage of faith." This will throw the matter into partisan poli-tics, and the Administration will at once find itself face to face with the alterna-tive of sacrificing in the Philippines, to some extent at least, the principle it de-sires to maintain, or of being "knifed" at the polls by the votes which the Pa-pacy will be able to muster in her inter-ests. Already the Federation of Catholic Societies is giving serious attention to the matter, and a leading Catholic organ declares that "every Catholic parish from Maine to California should interest itself in this matter." It is not for us to say which alternative the present or some other Administration may choose; but we know this, that ex- 