46 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY pedient after three months' trial to repeal the Sunday-closing ordinance. It appears that a moverhent is on foot in Idaho to secure the enactment of a Sun- day law by the State legislature. In an article which appeared in The Advocate (Methodist), of Portland, Ore., about a month ago, Dr. Scholae, an Idaho clergy-man we suppose, stated that "the genius of our institutions would read to a for-eigner as inculcating the practise of mo-rality as the highest form of political acts and purpose," but that nevertheless "in one moral point the State of Idaho is lack-ing; it has no Sunday law." But he hastened to say that a committee was "ap-pointed at the last session of the Idaho Annual Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church to co-operate with sim-ilar parties from other churches to bring to the attention of the legislature the need of the passage of a suitable measure." And we are assured that the three promi-nent clergymen who compose this commit-tee are men who "know their duty and will do it regardless of the actions or lack of action on the part of any other person or persons." According to a newspaper report "a regulator of public morals and every-thing in general," no doubt a clergyman, recently called at the Alabama State Fair headquarters in Birmingham and said to General Manager McKnight : "We can't allow your fair to go on if you are going to allow pool-selling and open your show on Sunday. We are against pool-selling  and the breaking of the Sabbath, and we are going to oppose you with all our might. We want the fair closed tight on Sunday." The manager of the fair asso-ciation replied that there was to be no pool-selling and that nobody had pro-posed that there should be, and with ref-erence to the complaint as to Sunday opening, made these sensible remarks "Why do you object so seriously to the thousands of people who are not able to-. attend the fair on week days being al-lowed to see the exhibits and to hear some music that is elevating to mind and soul 011 Sunday afternoons? My opin-ion is that you have taken a very narrow view of the matter. You ought to broad-en your horizon a little and take a wider view of the affairs of men. Narrowness, bigotry, and fanaticism have done more to retard the human race than almost any other evil agency. The time has come when the people refuse to be regulated by these methods. The State Fair is calcu-lated to entertain and enlighten the peo-ple. It will show them what is going onŁ in the world. It will amuse them, elevate them, rest them, and prepare them to bet-ter continue the toils of life, which are altogether too arduous as a rule, and not sufficiently broken up by recreation and amusement." At this the "regulator of public morals" said he had not come toŁ the fair office to be criticized. The man-ager replied that he should not have come there to criticize the fair. At this the "regulator" retreated, "muttering to him-self what would be done by him and his coadjutors to oppose the fair associa-tion." On December 15, according to report, the employees of the Pullman Palace Car Company at Pullman, Ill., numbering be-tween six and eight thousand, notified the foremen of all the shops that they would not report for Sunday work here-after. Unions having never been recog-nized by the Pullman Company, the men  "took this stand individually," or rather-"gave their notice to the foremen as in-dividuals." This is a very proper way to. stop Sunday work. The object of the employees in the matter is to stop "over-time" work. A demand is to be made-for shorter hours on other days. 