228 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY one form of religious belief." This does not look as if modern progress was af-fecting them very much. This is what the Papacy has always held. Ł The " recognition " that is being de-manded by representatives of the Papacy for " Catholics in the Philippines " is the same sort of " recognition " that many people in this country are constantly de-manding for Sunday, and in that for Sunday observers. It is a sort of recogni-tion that the civil authorities have no right to grant. " The majority must rule," declares a Sunday-enforcement advocate. If this argument is a sufficient justification for Sunday enforcement (and it seems to be so regarded), then all the atrocious persecutions of the Dark Ages have suf-ficient justification. Although some people do not seem to realize it, we live in a time when it is not enough for the ma-jority merely to rule; it must rule right. The Papacy holds that the principle of separation of church and state should not be put in practise in the Philippines because that is " a country almost ex-clusively Catholic." Whatever she and her spokesmen may say now, when. the United States becomes t` a country almost exclusively Catholic" she will just as boldly and unblushingly avow that the time has come for the principle of church-and-state separation to go out of practise in the United States. Ł The champions of Sunday legislation are such great sticklers for the rule of the majority because they are confident that, whether as the " Lord's day " or merely as the " civil rest day," the majority fa-vors legislative protection and enforce-ment of the day that is their holy day. If the majority should select some other day than Sunday as the day to be " recog- nized," " provided," and " protected " by the law as the " rest day," these gentlemen would suddenly change their tune about the rule of the majority in this matter. O The moment it is admitted that a legis-lature or any other civil authority has the right to exempt people (no matter whether they be seventh-day observers or any other class of people) from observing Sunday, that moment it is admitted that that authority has the right to compel the people exempted and everybody else to observe Sunday. That is why seventh-day observers and all other people who take their stand upon the principle of re-ligious freedom can give no endorsement to such exemptions. In principle they are every bit as bad as the law of which they are a part. 0 We are told now and again that the Papacy in this country endorses the prin-ciple of separation of church and state. The fact is that the instant she sees an op-portunity for having that principle set aside she is ready to demand that it be done. Some of her representatives in this country have with one breath denounced the withholding of the Constitution from the dependencies and with the other have demanded the setting aside of the principle of separation of church and state, on the ground that " the clause of the Constitution which requires the ab-solute separation of church and state was intended by the framers of the document to meet conditions in the United States " only ! The Rome correspondent of the Cath-olic Standard and Times says that at the " jubilee " celebration on February 20, " His Ł Holiness concluded his. speech by saying that she gave all present as a special injunction to be received and to be spread, that only in the Church was salvation, and that God had set a most 