SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 303 There will be big doings in the court of Justice Cole, of Yorktown, this morn-ing, when Gus Burgess of that place will be tried for hunting on the Sabbath," re-ported the Muncie (Ind.) Star of April 18. " The case will be prosecuted by John Bravy, deputy game warden of Madison County. It is alleged that re-cently Burgess was hunting on the Sab-bath day, and that he shot a little bird. There have been a large number of wit-nesses summoned, and the case promises to be very interesting." The Philadelphia Record of April 26 contained this item : Through Secretary Joseph A. Miller, the Philadelphia Milk Exchange yesterday sent notice to all dealers and depots that, corn- mencing to-day, the law prohibiting the sale of milk after II o'clock Sunday morning would be strictly enforced. Those found guilty, so the notice declares, will be subjected to prose-cution and a fine of $7.50 for each offense. This order is the result of a meeting of the Sabbath Observance Committee of the Milk Exchange, held last Wednesday. No excep-tions are allowed. C. At a meeting of the ministerial associa-tion of Duluth, Minn., on April 6, this resolution was "unanimously adopted": Resolved, That this association most heartily supports its committee, Messrs. Davis, Milne and Knowles, in the fight against Sunday pro-fessional baseball in this city. Ł Two saloonmen of Red Wing, Minn., were fined $25 each on April 6 " for keep- ing open on Sunday." 3allenzell OF COMSMR! 0.2[83F.M Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical In the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; It discusses live issues that deeply concern every Individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per year  $1.00 monthssix  .50 three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.5o CLUBBING RATE. per copy. s or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York city WE are still receiving orders for the " Love of Power and Power of Love Number " of THE SENTINEL. There are but a few hundred of these left, and we trust that they will not be here much longer. A LETTER was received recently at our office containing one of our renewal blanks, and a postal money order for $1, but the blank was not filled in, so we are unable to tell who sent it. The postal order is from Van Couver, Wash. Will the one who sent it kindly let us know, so that proper credit can be given. The Life Boat is endeavoring to place a copy of its journal in the hands of each hos-pital inmate. The articles which appear in The Life Boat are usually short and interest-ing, so would be first rate to place in the hands of those who cannot read long at one time. For further particular address The Life Boat, 28 Thirty-third Place, Chicago, Ill. IN renewing his subscription one of our sub-scribers says : " I believe the last SENTINEL is the best one published." This seems to be the general opinion of our readers,Šthat THE SENTINEL grows better all the time. Will not those who read it regularly each week, and enjoy it, show it to their friends and endeavor to get them to become subscribers too? We will be glad to supply sample copies to any one who will do this. 