SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 657 surrounded him, his revolver was taken away from him, and he was able to get away with only four prisoners. A num-ber of the ministers were waiting at the Justice's office, and when the angry crowd which 'had followed saw them, they were jeered and hooted at, and ac-cording to report, the leader, Rev. Shep-perd, of the Methodist Church, was knocked down when he attempted to leave and had to be carried home. Later he appealed to the mayor for police pro-tection for himself and property, alleging that his life was in danger, but this was evidently an exaggeration. On August 3, the nine players arrested on July 13, were given a hearing in the justice's court, and all but two of them were re-leased, these two being bound over to the district court. The trial of the four other players arrested on the following Sunday was to take place later. After carefully investigating the mat-ter and hearing able lawyers argue the point before him, Police Judge Lambert, of Newark, N. J., on July 23 completely reversed his decision of July 9, which was to the effect that there was no law in New Jersey "to prevent the sale of merchandise by merchants and shop-keepers in their usual places of business on Sunday." On the strength of his previous decision, Charles Eichenberg, who had been arrested at the instance of the retail butcher clerks' association for selling meat on Sunday, "contended that, assuming the allegations in the com-plaint to be true, no offense has been com-mitted, since the twelfth section of the `Act for suppressing vice and immorali-ty,' revision of 1895, shows forth that the sale of goods upon Sunday is not illegal, provided such acts be done by a merchant at his usual and lawful place of trans-acting such business." After listening to a history of the act in question  given by Attorney Chauncey H. Beas-ley, a prominent lawyer who had been retained in the case by the butcher clerks' association, and studying the matter him-self, the judge overruled the objections to the complaint made by the defendant, holding that by some mistake in the revis-ing, compiling or printing of the act in question certain words had been omit-ted from the twelfth section, which, when inserted, limited its application to the two preceding sections, instead of making it apply to the whole act as it now reads ; and that therefore "he now considered the 'blue-laws' in full force, and would be compelled to receive complaints for a violation of the Sabbath in any manner covered by them, even if one person com-plained of another for walking on Sun-day," and that "the sale or exposure of meat, merchandise, or other articles on Sunday, is not legal, but a violation of the 'Vice and Immorality Act.' " The retail clerks and others interested in Sun-day enforcement are much elated over the turn of affairs, and have renewed their crusade against Sunday selling. We quote the following from the argu-ment of Attorney Beasley, and it would be well for those who are fond of de-claring that Sunday legislation has noth-ing to do with religion, to ponder care-fully the second sentence: The act concerning vice and immorality, known as a blue law, was passed in the year 1795. This act had for its intent the preven-tion of all worldly employment or businecs be-ing done on the Christian Sabbath day. In the year 182o some pious people living in Ocean Grove had an act passed to prevent the dis-turbance of meetings held for the purpose of religious worshin. Under this act people were restricted from selling wares or merchandise within three miles of any house of worship. Section 1 of the now Vice and Immorality Act was a part of that act. Section I says that it is contrary to law to carry on any business on the Sabbath day. When the revision of 1877 was made Chief 