308 7 HE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the question of the validity of that statute under a constitution providing that no human authority can, in any case what-ever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience," and that " no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishments or modes of worship," as has been affirmed by the supreme court of Pennsylvania, then there is nothing that can affect that question; anything in the way of religious legislation and enforcement is constitutional. Ł In his speech on the grounds of the St. Louis Exposition on May 2 Governor Odell of New York declared that " to work, to labor, is man's bounden duty," and that " every man is entitled in the prosecution of his work to the broadest possible liberty of action and the protec-tion of the law." Then the New York statute which prohibits " all labor on Sun-day . . . , excepting works of necessity and charity," is an interference with the citizens in the performance of their duty, is an interdict against the performance of " man's bounden duty " on the first day of the week. And it is also a denial and withholding on the first day of the week of that to which " every man is entitled in the prosecution of his work." Where does the State of New York get the right thus to interfere with people in the per-formance of " bounden duty " and to de-prive them of the " liberty of action and the protection of the law " to which they are entitled ? O The legal principle upon which the greater portion of Ex-Judge Gordon's ar-gument against the Pennsylvania Sunday law was based was affirmed by the United States Supreme Court on May 4 in a decision concurred in by six justices. In declaring void a law enacted by Con-gress in 1870 the court among other things said : " It is all-important that a  criminal statute should clearly define the offense which it purports to punish, and that when so defined it should be within the limits of the power of the legislative body enacting it." As Ex-Judge Gordon clearly showed, the Pennsylvania Sunday law (and of course the same is true of the other State Sunday laws), does not clearly define the offense which it pur-ports to punish. And of course when the offense which the Sunday laws purport to prohibit and punish is honestly defined the fact is revealed that such legislation is not within the limits of the rightful power of any legislative body. The Su-preme Court should not forget the above-quoted declaration when next the ques-tion of Sunday legislation comes before it. Ł " All roads seem to lead to Rome," re-marks the Springfield Republican. " The Kaiser is there in less than a week after King Edward." Yes, and Rome seems to mean the Vatican. And there are in-dications that the traveling of these roads by " Protestant " rulers will not be con-fined to the Kaiser and King Edward. Not to speak of the " mission " sent last year to the Vatican, it may be said that when the President of the United States sends gifts and good wishes to the Pope, as has been the case twice within less than a year, steps have been taken toward the doing by the President of the United States of exactly what the Kaiser and King Edward have just done. In truth, it is hardly too much to say that what the President of the United States has done is, under the circumstances, equivalent to what the sovereigns men-tioned have done. The gifts and " auto-graph " letters were in lieu of personal calls upon the Pope. Had the Vatican been as near to the United States as it is to Germany or England, and had the tra-dition that the President of the United 