EDITORIAL 775 are not under the Stars and Stripes much more distinctly than they do when they are in the United States. [Porto Ricans and Filipinos are entitled to passports as American citizens when traveling to foreign countries, according to the ruling of the Department of State.ŠED. SENTINEL.] They are not American citizens. They are Porto Rican citizens; that fact means nothing outside of Porto Rico, but our Government has undertaken, rather as a mat-ter of grace than otherwise, their protection when they are in foreign countries. We cer-tainly have no moral right to deprive them of a country altogether. But what "we" have no moral right to do seems to be exactly the thing "we" have done. But a definition of citizenship is being formulated whereby the Porto Ricans and Filipinos can be called citizens and said to have citizenship while still being held as subjectsŠa definition which "avoids the objectionable inference in the word subject, and prevents confusioh by confounding citizenship necessarily with the possession of political rights." Thus it is said that citizenship has two mean-ings. "In its broad sense it simply means subjection and allegiance on the part of an individual to a certain government or state, and protection on the part of that government to the person in question. In this meaning it is equiva-lent to the term 'subjection' used in the English common law, because both citi-zenship in a broad sense and subjection involve the same requisites." "The other meaning of the term 'citizenship' is that of a person possessing certain political rights, i. e., a burgess. It is the confound-ing of this meaning of the word with the other that has caused so much confu-sion." "Applying these general principles to the inhabitants of Porto Rico, it would seem that they are certainly citizens in the broad senseŠpassive citizenship, as it has been called." But it is observed that the term "subjection," which is indis-pensable in defining and describing the  "broad," "passive citizenship" that the Porto Ricans "certainly" have, "has gone out of fashion because usually it is con-nected with monarchic governments, and therefore is scarcely used save in Great Britain." Mr. Frederic R. Coudert, Jr., the emi-nent lawyer, expresses the opinion that "there is a difference between the Porto Rican born before the Treaty of Paris and the Porto Rican born afterwards," holding that by virtue of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution those born after the island came under the jurisdiction and authority of the United States are citizens of the United States. This is a distinction, however constitu-tional it may be, that is not likely to be respected, if we may judge from the way things have gone thus far. All this, as far as it goes, shows that the Republic of the United States is re-peating the history of the Republic of Rome. The Roman Republic extended its authority over peoples whom it per-sisted in holding as aliens. And the Ro-mans did not know, but they learned later, that instead of getting rid of an experiment which they deemed dangerous to the welfare of the state in thus disre-garding the very genius of republicanism, they were merely postponing it from the day of union and strength, when they might have borne it, to the day of division and weakness when they were not only least able to bear it, but when it had be-come greatly aggravated by long discon-tent and resentment on the part of those who were denied citizenship. At last, when the Republic was reeling with fierce factional and party strife and war, the Romans were obliged, and some of them were very eager, as it served their temporary ends as political partizans, to made a "sudden and enormous enlarge-ment of the citizen body which affected the very foundations of the Republic."Š 