EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT  423 the only country in the world to-day in which men are burned at the stakeÑthe United States, which regards itself as the leader of the world in humanity and enlightenment ! Along with the epidemic of strikes that has prevailed of late there seems to have come also an epidemic of what is appropriately termed the " lynching madness." The instances are almost too numerous to take account of. A negro was stoned to death by an in-furiated mob in Pennsylvania a few weeks ago for nothing else than de-fending himself in a quarrel ; a short time afterwards a negro who had shot a white man, but had not killed him, was openly lynched in an Illinois town, the lynching including hanging, shooting and burn-ing. A few days later occurred the case in Indiana, mentioned by Dr. Savage. And about that time at another point in Indiana, for no apparent reason what-ever, a negro street-car conductor was assaulted and driven from the town, and warning was given that all negroes com-' ing to the place would be treated in like manner. And there are many more such instances that might be mentioned. The latest mob execution at this writing has taken place in a State which has hitherto been free from anything of the kindÑDelaware--and in a city of eighty thousand inhabitants, within twenty-eight miles of Philadelphia and a little more than one hundred miles from New York. And it is one of the worst that has yet occurred in the country. The matter is briefly covered in this paragraph from the New York Evening Post: A horrible crime more horribly avenged, are the only words for the Wilmington lynch-ing. Let us recall that the colored brute stood legally charged with his crime, and that there was no reasonable doubt that he would pay the penalty with his life. But the processes of the law, upon which the father of the mur-dered girl had begged his fellow citizens to wait, were too slow for the maddened mob. The spectacle of law defied, a prison stormed, and a human being burned at the stake dis- graces the State of Delaware, and again calls into question the reality of our religion and the efficacy of our civilization. Possibly the worst effects are to follow, for a community that has combined to override law is like a man who has once yielded to criminal fury. Morale is permanently impaired. Prison doors may be repaired, ashes swept from the high-road, and all may look as before, but that community has acquired an insidious con-tempt for law, has committed the unpardon-able sin against the state. The mob was " composed apparently of the whole available population," at least several thousand people were active or passive participants in its acts. " Representative citizens " were its lead-ers. Boys were prominent in it, and took an active part. A minister virtually counselled the lynching in a sermon to a large gathering of people, and did much thereby to incite to the deed of barbarism. " Public sentiment. generally approved the lynching," and there is no likelihood that any of its perpetrators will be called to account. The matter has ¥ called forth vigorous condemnation by the press of the country for all such deeds, but, alas, these oft-repeated re-monstrances against barbarism and in behalf of the supremacy and dignity of the law seem to have no effect in staying the evil. In spite of all the protests, as stated by the New York Evening Tel-egram, " this blot on our civilization ' is becoming more common and increas-ing in barbarity." " Each lynching buys the rope or lights the fire for another one," says the Sun. " The primeval savagery, the thirst and craze for blood, have been stimulated by each new bar-barity." The Tribune demands that lynching mobs be resisted and suppressed by the authorities at any cost, and says : Our whole civilization is threatened. It is not alone the community where an outrage occurs which suffers. Toleration of the evil in one place prompts imitation in others until law .is everywhere brought into contempt. The mania spreads, and the lynchers become more and more reckless. Those who at first would 