468 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY a great deal of attention here among politicians of both parties and members and officials of the Catholic Church," but that all were " reticent when ap-proached with a request for a statement on the subject." " Public men, as a rule," it was stated, " object to giving interviews on questions concerning the attitude of the church [the Catholic Church]." But on the strength of what could be gathered it was stated that Washington puts little faith in the story that friends of President Roose-velt are working to secure the pro--motion of Archbishop Ireland in return for the latter's influence in favor of the 'election of President Roosevelt." This particular story may itself be a piece of politics, but in view of much that might be presented what it avows is not alto-gether improbable. Archbishop Ireland has sustained very intimate, and, in our view, improper, relations with both the present and the former national admin-istrations, and the idea that in return for political services rendered by him in his capacity as a Roman Catholic leader a request, direct or indirect, was to be made to the Vatican by the President of the United States for his appointment as cardinal has been reiterated in the press too long and denied too weakly to be without some substantial foundation. In this dispatch from Washington of which we speak occurred these statements: It is remembered here that on several occa-sions during the McKinley administration Archbishop Ireland was seen leaving the White House long after midnight, after being in con-ference with the President for several hours at a time. It is understood that in certain church work requiring financial aid Arch-bishop Ireland was helped out by some New York Republicans. The matter referred to in this last statement must be that of the financial support of the Catholic Church in Cuba immediately following the change from Spanish to American sovereignty, which  change of course interfered with the ac-customed division of the public revenues with the church. In October, 1898, the Baltimore American published a com-munication from its Washington bureau in which it was stated that as the result of " numerous conferences with Cardinal Gibbons and Archbishop Ireland on the subject," it was the " determination of President McKinley that the Catholic churches [in Cuba] shall be kept open, and that the public worship shall be amply provided for," and that " to this end sufficient money will be advanced by the Government to support the Cath-olic Church." Whether or not this ut-terly un-American and unconstitutional project in the interests of the Catholic Church was carried through, the country was never informed. Although the com-munication referred to caused some com-ment, as well it might, there was never any denial from any authoritative source of the truth of what it affirmed. There was simply no subsequent public infor-mation regarding the matter. But if this was the matter in which "Archbishop Ire-land was helped out by some New York Republicans" "in certain church work requiring financial aid," then it must be that the thing was carried through. But even if it was another matter entirely it was none the less vicious and uncon-stitutional. In either case financial aid was secured from the Government for the Catholic Church, and that through the efforts of ecclesiastics, or an ecclesi-astic, and with the assistance of politi-cians and officials. Whether or not there is any truth in this late story from Rome, it is very suggestive of what is coming if things continue as they have been going for some years. More and more are politicians deferring to papal influence, and we may expect that in-fluence to play a larger and larger part in the politics of the country. It is not at all improbable that the time is near 