2N8 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY has any right to do. The government has no right to do anything more than make it a legal holiday; that is, to release people from the ne-cessity of labor. I would have all religious denominations of every kind jealously guarded and protected in their meeting together, in their worship. No one has a right to interfere with them. I would have everybody else jeal-ously guarded in using the day as they please, provided they do not interfere with the equal freedom of anybody else. That is all the law has a right to do. Set the day apart, hedge it about, guard it, protect it; and then you and I are perfectly free to get just as many people as possible to agree with us in our ideas of the day, and how it ought to be kept, and why it ought to be kept. But we are released from the temptation to use force, which has always been abomination and tyranny. We have only one comment to make on the above, and that is that we do not think this last paragraph is strictly in ac-cord with the principle pervading the "Sound Words" which we quote else-where from Dr. Savage, and which were spoken at the same time. The civil gov-ernment has no right to legislate regard-ing Sunday observance in any way what-ever. So far as this point is concerned, we, too, do not care where the day has come from nor through what processes it has come. We know that it is a re-ligious institution ; as such it has been in-herited from the past, and as such it is observed and honored to-day. Every per-son has a right to observe it, to be undis-turbed in its observance. Every religious denomination has a right to observe it, and to be protected in worshiping on that day. But it is not the business of civil government to set that day apart, to hedge it about, to guard it, or protect it, because in doing so it is setting apart, hedging about, guarding, and protecting a religious observance. Civil government may make holidays and guard them to a degree, but it has no business to make legal holidays of re-ligious days. So far as government is  concerned a person has no more right to observe Sunday than he has to observe any other day, and government has no business to give him any more protection on Sunday than on other days. Every religious denomination (not because it is a religious denomination, but because it is an association of citizens) has an un-doubted right to governmental protection from disturbance in worshiping on Sun-day, but it has not a shadow of a right to an iota more of protection on Sunday than it has on any other day. People no doubt have a right to be re-leased from toil on Sunday if they want to observe the day, but they have no more right to be released from toil on that day than they have to be released on any other day, and the only releasing that government can do for them in this di-rection must apply to all days alike. Gov-ernment can go no farther than to see that men are not compelled to work when they do not want to. To go farther than this is to trample upon the rights of some men in order that other men may receive from government the sort of aid which man-hood and true religious conviction alike should spurn. We believe that Dr. Savage would in-dorse these statements, notwithstanding at the close of his excellent address he seems to have partially endorsed the idea which now has such a tenacious grip upon the minds of so many persons : that in some way Sunday must have govern-mental guardianship and protection, or at least that on that day people become pos-sessed of a great many more rights than they have on other days, so that there must be special legislation for their pro-tection. This idea is certainly a mistake, and we believe that Dr. Savage will rec-ognize it as such when he has looked into it as carefully as he has otherŁpoints in the same address. 