Relation of the State to Sabbath OiLsepeance is the subject of a series of articles contributed by J. 0. CORLISS, who, ever since especial attention was paid to this great question, has been a constant and devoted defender of true principles. His voice has ever been raised in behalf of truth, and he has always been ready to wield his pen for the right. Mr. Corliss will also contribute another series of articles in which will be drawn a contrast between true and false governments,Šthe of God's government contrasted with that of man's. E. E. FRANKE has for years, as an evangelist, spoken to thousands of New York City's best people in large halls and churches, thrilling his audiences with the clear-cut truths of the Gos-pel. During the years of his Gospel ministry he has come in touch with many of the leading executive, judicial and legislative officials of the day, and has been the means of interesting many of them in the true principles of religious liberty. Evangelist Franke has been secured as one of the contrib-utors of THE SENTINEL the coming year and one of the topics will be Religious Monopolies and Trusts. he will consider       Readers of THE SENTINEL need no introduction to Mr. C. P. DOLLMAN, who, for a number of years was one of its editors. Mr. Bollman has always been recognized as a strong religious liberty writer, and although he is now devoting himself to other lines of work more particu-larly, still his interest in religious liberty principles is as great as ever it was. Next year THE SENTINEL will print a number of articles from the pen of Mr. Bollman, the subjects of which can now be announced as "The Proper Functions of Civil Government," "The Basis of Natural Rights," "Civil Law and the Rights of Conscience," "Theocracy and Freedom of Conscience," "The Divine Right of the Subject vs. the Divine Right of the Sovereign." W. A. COLCORD for a number of years has resided in Australia. While there he was very active and influential in a religious liberty prop- aganda in the different Australian States. He will tell of his experiences in articles entitled, "The Australian Constitution," and "Sunday Latithr of England." Besides these Mr. Colcord will have other articles in THE SENTINEL, among which we announce "Principles Too Little Understood," "Origin and Object of Civil Government," "The Church and Its Work," "Individual Responsibility," etc. reign 