164 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY principles, and there is not complete separation of church and state. The Sunday laws of the nation have always existed in violation of the principle of complete separation of church and state, and now, instead of a sentiment which would abolish this last vestige of popish, un-American legislation, there is a grow-ing sentiment for more laws of this kind and more stringent enforcement of those already in existence. Then there are the movements for making the nation "Christian," that are becoming more powerful all the time. And all three de-partments of the Government have be-come more or less entangled in these religio-political movements and commit-ted to their principles, which are essen-tially identical with those of the Papacy. All these things are significant, and they are worth considering in connection with the declarations now coming from many sources that there is no danger of official relations between the Government and the Vatican. More dangerous and men-acing than the appointment of a perma-nent representative at the Vatican and the formal recognition of the Pope as a temporal sovereign, is the adoption of papal practises and principles here in America by church and state. "The time is not far distant," says Senator Penrose, of Pennsylvania, "when many of our laws must be read-justed, in compliance with the decree of that destiny which seems to be urging onward these United States to a new and larger posture among the affairs of the nations." Unless such adjustment is done in the spirit of those men who pro-claimed the Declaration of Independ-ence, and accords with the fundamental principles of this great document, it is more than probable that the new and  larger posture which the United States is to have in the future among the affairs of the nations will be far less glorious and will excite in the minds of men throughout the world far less admiration and respect than has been the case hith-erto. Christian Citizenship "Christian citizenship is a religious duty," says The Outlook, in speaking of "Christian Endeavor Civic Clubs." It seems to us that Christian citizenship is a condition, an exalted privilege. It is the condition of those who through the great love and mercy of God are no longer "dead in trespasses and sins" but have been "raised up together" to "sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus ;" of those who have access to God through the Spirit so that they "are no more strangers and foreigners, but fel-low-citizens with the saints, and of the household of God ;" who "confess that they are strangers and pilgrims on the earth" and "declare plainly that they seek a country"Š"a better country, that is, an heavenly ;" who look "for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God ;" whose testimony is, "Our citizenship is in heaven, from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ." This brings plainly to view the condi-tion and privilege of Christian citizen-ship. But this is not the citizenship of which The Outlook speaks, nor is it the sort of citizenship which the "Christian Endeavor Civic Clubs" are designed to promote. Says The Outlook: The Civic Clubs will study questions as to the best organization of city governments, as to the care of criminals and paupers, arbi-tration between capital and labor, tenement-house and liquor laws, public baths, parks, 