AN INDICTMENT OF NEW YORK'S SUNDAY LAW 553 would not only be an act of supereroga-tion, but an actual usurpation of power, an act of " spiritual oppression and in-tolerance," and the infliction of punish-ment for non-conformity thereto, an act of persecution, cruelty, and injustice. But to proceed with our argument. " Though the wicked join hand in hand " their union cannot purge an evil action of its guilt. It is no justification of an un-righteous act that many were engaged in doing it. Should therefore any number of individuals, feeling the physical power de-rived from numbers, unite and compel others to conform to the religious sec-tarian tenets of the stronger, it would be a violation of the equal rights of manŠan act of " spiritual oppression and in-tolerance "; and should any number com-bine and form a constitution of political government and insert therein an article to authorize the act, it would not alter its character ; it would still be an act of spir-itual oppression and intolerance. And should the legislature enact a statute and enforce it, it would only be a repetition of the wrong. And though all this should be done through an honest but ill-directed zeal for the " support of religion" and the " suppression of immorality," even those praiseworthy motives, though they may plead for mercy and obtain forgive-ness for the over-zealous and mistaken authors of the act, they can neither sanc-tify the wrong, change its name or dis-guise its moral turpitude ; and whether done by an individual, a majority, a sect, or civil government, the character of the act is still the sameŠit .is still an act of "spiritual oppression and intolerance," " a violation of the natural, inalienable, and equal rights of man," a palpable perver-sion of the primary objects of civil gov-ernment, which was instituted to prevent the strong from violating the rights of the weak, and to preserve the equal rights of all. That the law entitled " An act for sup- pressing immorality " is of the character here described, I shall now proceed to show. This act, it will be observed, for-bids labor, business, and recreation on the first day of the week as acts of immo-rality. If these several acts are immoral when performed on that day, they were immoral as well before as after the pass-ing of that act. If they were not im= moral before, they could not be immoral after the enactment of that law, because statutory prohibitions only make actions mala prohibita, but acts of immorality are mala in se, bad in themselves, and are whether interdicted by statute law or not. Why then, let me ask, is work and recreation, which are useful and in-nocent on other days, deemed acts of immorality when done on Sunday? The answer which is usually given is " that the Sabbath day, or a sabbath day, was instituted by divine appointment, was commanded to be kept holy and unpro-faned by work, business, or pleasure, and therefore to work or play on the Sabbath day is immoral, and the law forbidding such immoral acts a righteous law." " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy ; six days shalt thou labor. and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord ; in it thou shalt do no manner of work." If the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord, pray tell me, whose sabbath is the first day of the week ?' If this alleged command is sufficient evidence of the divine appointment of a sabbath day, it is equally good testimony for every thing else it contains, but for nothing more than it enjoins. The time then for keeping a sabbath is as clearly designated as the divine appointment of a sabbath day, and is equally binding ; and the command not to labor on it alike im-perative; and the injunction to labor on 'This is certainly a very pertinent question: As will he seen later, the writer was not a seventh-day. observer.ŠEDITOR. 