SUNDAY LAW OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA AGAIN 25 everybody else compelled to pay, an idolatrous homage,9  is anarchy and law-lessness. It is a curious fact that that of which men are most guilty themselves they are most ready to accuse others. The flinging of the charge of anarchy and lawlessness by Sunday-enforcement clergymen, which they do so freely, is an illustra-tion of this fact. The fact that the Methodist preachers of Philadelphia are religionists who want the religious Sunday 'enforced upon the people, al-though in this they are not in accord with, and do not by any means have the sympathy of the great majority of their fellow-citizens, largely explains their resolution condemning the action of the grand jury. The Presbyterian clergymen also formally protested against the action of the grand jury, but were somewhat more temperate in doing so than the Methodist ministers. On December 14 the Presbyterian Min-isterial Association adopted the follow-ing, which was "offered by Rev. Dr. Loyal Y. Graham," one of the leaders of the Sunday-enforcement crusade : Whereas, the grand jury in its pre-sentment went out of its way to admin-ister a rebuke to citizens of this city who are endeavoring to enforce the Sunday law, and by its deliverance en-courage the violation of law, therefore, Resolved, That we express our deep regret that men appointed for the main-tenance of law and order should dis-courage those who are endeavoring to have existing laws enforced. Resolved, That we call upon all good citizens to enter their protest against such action on the part of the grand jury. In connection with his presentation of the resolutions Mr. Graham de-clared : This action of the grand jury is un-precedented in the courts of law. We ought not to pass it by. We are now at a point where, unless we as Chris- tians rise up and defend the Sabbath, we will soon have Š or we have it now Š a widespread, open Sunday like those in other cities. When these gentlemen become wrought up they never fail to show the church-and-state, religion-by-law char-acter of their work. Let Christians "rise up and defend the Sabbath" as much as they please, but do not let them rise up and use the civil law and the civil courts to enforce its observ-ance upon others. Whenever they do this or attempt to do it their action should not be passed by, but should be rebuked and prevented by ally whether jurymen or Christians. The 'action of the grand jury in this in-stance may be unprecedented, but a better precedent could not be estab-lished, and it is to be hoped that it will be followed in other places where clergymen persecute and oppress peo-ple in the interests of the religious Sunday. In connection with adoption of the resolutions last quoted it "was announced that the Committee of Fifty, which a few weeks ago waited on Mayor Weaver to urge the enforce-ment of the Sunday law, would shortly present a statement regarding the Sun-day-closing matter to the public." Ten days later the following statement, which was "signed by members of the Committee of Fifty, and T. T. Mutch-ler, secretary," was given to the press We, the undersigned, members of the Committee of Fifty appointed in the interests of the better observance of the Lord's day, desire to make the following statement in reply to the ex-traordinary presentment made by the grand jury to the Court of Quarter Ses-sions on Dec. 4, 1903. The action of the grand jury in put-ting on record its rebuke of those en-gaged in enforcing the Sunday law is surely unprecedented in the legal an-nals of Pennsylvania. We believe this deliverance was due to their ignorance 