EDITORIAL 103 It is interesting to know what opinion is held by deep-thinking observers in other parts of the world with regard to certain great changes which have come in American affairs in recent years, and which usher in America as an aspirant for imperial honors. The View of an on-looker is apt to be more accurate than that of a participant. The eminent Rus-sian, Professor F. de Martens, who is said to be the greatest authority on inter-national law in the world, and who pre-sided recently at the Hague Tribunal, made these statements in an excellent ar-ticle which appeared in The Independent of December i8: The historical part to be played by the United States does not consist in the conquest of foreign lands by sword and fire, and the ideal aim of the national politics of the great American Republic is not to be found in the subjugation of the rest of the world by the almighty dollar. It is rather my firm con-viction that the high civilizing destiny of America resides in the many-sided develop-ment of those great spiritual forces by which it was originally created and by which it has lived and grown, up to the present moment. . . . Unfortunately, in these later days, a critical change has been effected in the United States; a change which may lead to a radical departure from all the great principles which have come down from.  the founders. . . . Contemporary American imperialism must serve as an unavoidable incentive to the most unexpected and unlooked-for political compli-cations. The seizure of Porto Rico and the Philippine Islands contributed to the glorifica-tion of American courage and prowess. But the annexation of fresh territory does not necessarily bring profit to the conquerors. Only those conquests form a real and solid basis for the development of the living forces of the conquerors which become incorporated with their very flesh and blood and form an or-ganic part of their possessions. If the con-quest is limited to the establishment of ab-solute power over the annexed territory, with-out its having been incorporated into the king-dom of the conquerors, the only possible result will be a subjugation that has to be main-tained by a crushing physical force... . . It may be permitted to doubt whether AmerŁ icans, in the sphere of international conquests  and in the presence of the militarism that such annexation must give birth to, can gain such brilliant results as they have already won by their conquests in the peaceful sphere of com-merce and trade. It is also doubtful if the laurels of war can profitably replace the laurels won in bloodless contests in the kingdom of peaceful and productive labor. However this may be, it seems to me that the historical mission of the United States has been fully defined in the course of their two hundred years' existence. They have afforded a bril. liant example of the almost fabulous develop-ment of all the living forces of a people by means of peaceful labor and the continued cultivation of those great principles on which their political and social life was originally founded. It appears to me that in the largest development of these principles, in their exten-sion and spiritualization, consists the ever-to-be-envied historical function and mission of the great American Republic. To fulfil this calling, no new territory need be annexed, no huge fleet and army required; all that is necessary is to keep to the path history has already shown them to be theirs, and to re-main true to the living principles of the Amer-ican Republic. And what American should not say " Amen " to that ? But, alas ! there are many who cannot say " Amen " to it. They are too much enamored with what is causing them to be false " to the living principles of the American Republic." O There was recently installed in the Statuary Hall of the Capitol in Washing-ton a statue or bust of Charles Carroll of Carrollton, one of Maryland's signers of the Declaration of Independence, and the last survivor of all the signers of that document. The occasion called forth re-marks from a number of Senators with reference to the Declaration of Independ-ence. Senator Hoar spoke of the docu-ment in the highest terms, and expressed his confidence that its great principles would control the nation in the future. He said that those who found fault with the Declaration would for the same reason find fault with the Ten Com-mandments or the Sermon on the Mount. 