TA17 alrom CliallSTilithl LE83E,E717 Vol.. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, MAY 7, 1903 No. 19      While there may be " works of neces-sity " and works that are not of necessity, all honest employment and business should be held to be necessary in con-struing a statute which undertakes to limit the activities of people to " works of necessity." Ł If it is true, as declared by Ex-Judge Gordon, that the present practical non-enforcement of Sunday legislation is due to a change in the religious views and customs of the great majority of the people, then of course it is true, as he says, that the Sunday law is a religious law, and that its enforcement is the use of force in a matter of religion. Ł Constantly on every hand her agents are repeating and inculcating the idea that " the Church " is the bulwark and mainstay of civilization. " Rev. Father Murphy " recently declared at the " Church of St. Paul the Apostle " in this city that " the world owes the Catholic Church a debt of gratitude for giving it high standards in marriage relations," and that " if we are civilized in America to-day, we owe it to Europe, and if Europe is civilized, she owes it to the Catholic Church " ! Such quotations might be multiplied indefinitely. In all this the Papacy is aiming at and laying the foundation for supremacy. In holding the " eight-hour law " to be unconstitutional the New York State Court of Appeals has just declared that while " the State has a right to protect women and children or adults from un-wholesome or dangerous occupations," " fixing hours of labor or wages is not a proper exercise of the police power of the State." This reminds us that there is on the statute book of this State a law which in effect fixes not the hours, but the days of labor, and which, when all other excuses fail, is commonly defended on the ground that it is a legitimate exer-cise of the police power. We refer to the Sunday law, which prohibits " all labor on Sunday, . . . excepting works of necessity or charity." Now even grant-ing that this law is a wholly civil meas-ure, is indeed a " rest-day " law, how can it be constitutional if the eight-hour law is unconstitutional? How Can it be a legitimate exercise of the police power when an eight-hour law " is not a proper exercise of the police power of the State ? " What difference is there in prin-ciple between an eight-hour law and what is in effect a six-day law? etŁ A very significant dispatch from Rome, which escaped our attention at the time, appeared in the papers on April 17. It read: To the invitation sent by the St. Louis Ex-position authorities to the Vatican to partici- 