62 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY special privileges to certain classes of citizens against those who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, also compels them to observe the first day as the Sabbath, thus forcing them to rest two days. In harmony with an Ohio decision which they cited, the attorneys held that " an ordinance which does not in its en-tirety conform to the State law is void," and that therefore the ordinance in ques-tion, failing to conform to the State stat-ute in the important respect of exempt-ing seventh-day observers, was void and unconstitutional. This raises a rather un-usual question, and it will be interesting to see what position the courts take in the matter. In the district court at Fairmont, Minn., on December 13, a saloon-keeper was sen-tenced to ninety days in jail or to pay a fine of $too " for the sale of liquor on Sunday." He paid the fine. In the district court at Buffalo, Minn., on De-cember 6, two saloon-keepers of Waverly, Minn., were fined $50 and costs each for " selling liquor on Sunday." At Beatrice, Neb., on December 6, two saloon-keepers of Wymore were " tried on a charge of selling liquors on the Sabbath," and were each fined $too and costs. On December three saloon-keepers were arrested in Dayton, Ohio, on the charge of Sunday selling ; on January 5 one was arrested on the same charge in Calumet, Mich. ; and on January 8 one was arrested on the same charge in Armour, S. Dak. Strict Sunday closing of saloons has been or-dered recently by the authorities in Sauk Rapids, Le Sueur, and Graceville, Minn. At a mass-meeting held in " the Taber-nacle " in Nashville, Tenn., on the even-ing of December 29, and which was ad-dressed by a number of clergymen and prominent citizens, resolutions were adopted demanding of the city and county authorities " the rigid enforcement of the laws against Sunday tippling and gam-bling." A " committe of one hundred was appointed " to take all necessary steps to make effective the purpose of the-mass-meeting." The Nashville American is actively supporting the movement. Fifty-four arrests for violation of the Sunday excise law were reported in New York for January 4, and eighty-eight ar-rests for the same cause were reported for the Sunday following. In the police courts most of the prisoners were " held for further examination." The revival of activity in the enforcement of this law follows the appointment of a new police commissioner. The saloon-keepers of Menominee, Mich., have been notified by the local W. C. T. U. that the Sunday-closing law " must be obeyed." The saloon-keepers threaten that if they are compelled to close they will " stop all labor on Sun-day," and " will even stop the labor of mill watchmen, livery stable hostlers, and street railway employees." The Shreveport (La.) Times thinks " the Sunday law is a wise law," and that " our duty is to preserve and enforce it." " The vicious system of delivering coal on Sundays " has been denounced by some one who has written to the editor of the Chicago Chronocle regarding " Sun-day observance," and who is very much of the opinion that " our American Sab- bath should be preserved in our cities." He who can discover anything vicious in the delivery of coal on Sunday or any other day at the present time must have very queer ideas as to what constitutes viciousness. 