Me offorell CffilEUSTUARV Ill oLR77 VoL. XV III NEW YORK, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1903 No. 21 The Sunday-Law Question in Florida Again AS described in these columns three weeks ago the Sunday-law question has recently come to the front at Jackson-ville, Fla. We have learned since, as might have been taken for granted, that the agitation against the bicycle racing on Sunday was begun by the clergymen of the city. After they had agitated the matter for a time, Mr. John W. Dodge, a member of the city council, wrote a letter concerning the matter to Sheriff John Price, the greater portion of which con-sisted of four citations from the statutes and constitution of the State. One of these was of course the Sunday law, which provides that " whoever follows any pursuit, business or trade on Sunday, either by manual labor or with animal or mechanical power, except the same be work of necessity, shall be punished by a fine not exceeding fifty dollars." An-other citation was that " if three or more persons meet together to commit a breach Ł of the peace, or to do any other unlawful act, each of them shall be punished by imprisonment not exceeding six months or by fine not exceeding five hundred dollars." Another citation was as to the duties of sheriffs : " It shall be their duty, and they shill have authority with force and strong hand, when necessary, to sup-press all tumults, riots and unlawful as-semblies, and to apprehend without war- rant any person who is in the disturb-ance of the peace," etc. The last cita-tion stated that all officers not liable to im-peachment " may be suspended from office by the governor for malfeasance or misfeasance or neglect of duty in office." The letter concluded thus : From the law thus cited to you you see your duties and the probable consequences for failure to perform the same. For some time in the county of Duval, State of Florida, the Sabbath day, or Sunday, has been openly and flagrantly desecrated. There have been un-lawful assemblies at the bicycle racing in the said county, just beyond the limits of the city of Jacksonville. On Sunday, the 12th of April, 1903, there is now advertised such a meeting, and the same will, no doubt, take place unless the officers of the law stop the same. It is your duty to stop that unlawful assembling, and also the tumult which will take place at that time. This is to notify you that if the same is not stopped by you, or if you fail to perform your duty, as required by law, the matter will be reported to the Governor, and steps will be taken to secure your suspension and final removal from office. It was this letter which caused the sheriff to take up the matter as described three weeks ago. One report says that in writing this letter " Mr. Dodge was not acting as the representative of any organization," but " upon his own in-dividual responsibility." But another says he took the initiative in the movement 