Persecution a Legacy and Test BF  W. A. Cokord I N all ages the pages of history have been stained with the records of religious persecution. Cain persecuted Abel; Ishmael, Isaac ; Esau, Jacob ; the ten brethren, Jacob; Egypt persecuted Israel; Babylon, the captive Jews; Persia, the prophet Daniel; the Jews, the Christ of God; Rome, the follow-ers of Christ; and the professed fol-lowers of Christ, the holy martyrs of the Dark Ages. Persecution is a legacy left the be-lievers in Christ. " Unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ," writes Paul, " not bnly to believe on Him, but also to suffer for His sake." Phil. 1: 29. To Peter's question, " We have forsaken all and followed thee ; what shall we have therefore ? " Christ re-plied : " There is no man that hath left house, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my sake, and the gospel's, but he shall receive an hundredfold now in this time, houses, and brethren, and sisters, and mothers, and children, and lands, with persecution; and in the world to come eternal life." Matt. 19 : 27-29 ; Mark 10 : 28-30. Christ foresaw all this when, to His disciples, He said : " And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake ; but he that endureth to the end shall be saved." " Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake ; for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceed-ing glad; for great is your reward in heaven; for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you." Matt. 10 : 22 ; 5 :10-12. Persecution is a means by which God tries the faith of those who profess to  love Him. To believe, with its accom-panying assurance of salvation, is all very well so long as it brings no crosses, no hardships, and no losses ; but when trials, tribulation, and persecutions come because of one's faith, then the genuineness of the faith is tested; then it is revealed whether it is a living, abiding faith, or a mere profession. Of the stony-ground hearer Christ says: " The dame is he that heareth the word, and anon with joy receiveth it; yet hath he not root in himself, but dureth for a while : for when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word, by and by he is offended." Matt. 13: 20, 21. He virtually says : " I did not bargain for this; I accepted only the be-lieving part. You will please excuse me from this on." This is what Christ means when He admonishes all to first sit down and " count the cost " before they profess faith in Him. " If any man will come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and chil-dren, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple." To be a Christian, then, one must relinquish his claim to, and be ready to give up, everything he has, even his own life, for Christ and the truth's sake. " Whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath, he cannot be my disciple." Luke 14:  25-33. And persecution tests one whether he is willing to do this. So Daniel writes : " They that understand among the peo-ple shall instruct many ; yet they shall fall by the sword, and by flame, by captivity, and by spoil, many days. . . . And some of them of understand-ing shall fall, to try them, and to purge and to make them white, even to the time of the end ; because it is yet for a time appointed." Dan. 11 : 33-25. 