7Tth7 3ain filll eil OF CilfgeiSTOAM LADESTrif Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty,and nolesathe duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people ma.v freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION $1.00 .5o " three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.50 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .70 Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Money Order or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. ,We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt sif the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify u immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO, II West 20th Street, New York City A LETTER mailed to us from Sioux Falls, S. Dak., on April 6, is without signature, and so we are unable to give attention to the same. If the one who wrote the letter sees this notice, we would be glad to have him make his iden-tity known. WE learn that the March number of the Ad-vocate of Christian Education had a circula-tion of about 40,000 among public-school teach-ers. While each issue of the Advocate teaches the principles of Christian education, this par-ticular number is especially fine. Any one who has not seen this number would be well paid by sending five cents to the Advocate, Berrien Springs, Mich., for a copy. O THE April Life Boat is a special " Prisoners' Number." There are a number of extracts from personal experiences which make the magazine very interesting. The reading of these will give hope to fallen men. The Life Boat certainly deserves much encouragement in its work for this class of individuals. Its publishers would be pleased to correspond with any one who would like to help in the work for prisoners. Address Life Boat, 28 Thirty-third Place, Chicago, Ill. Two little quarterly publicationsŠthe Bible Students' Library and the Apples of Gold Li-brary, both published by the Pacific Press Publishing Company, Oakland, Cal.Šare re-ceived regularly at our office. These treat upon a variety of different Biblical truths in such a clear, rational manner, that we take pleasure in recommending them. The price of both Libraries is but 35 .cents per year. If you do not receive them regularly you could not spend 35 cents better than by sending for a year's subscription to them. Single copy, per year  monthssix  