EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 681 the Catholic University at Washington, the new Pope "most warmly recom-mends the university to the support of the whole people of the United States, trusting to their generosity to enable it to accomplish its final object, which is to maintain and augment the intellectual supremacy of America." And is this really the final object of this Ł university which is so confidently rec-ommended to the support of the whole people of the United States, or is it to-maintain and augment the power and influence of something else, and to bring about, by means of whatever su-premacy America may have or gain in any line, its own supremacy? We would call attention to the an-nouncement which appears elsewhere of the special number on the subject of capital and labor of that excellent paper, the Signs of the Times, Oakland, Cal. The importance of the subject to be considered we ,need not emphasize. This symposium number of the Signs Ł will, after setting forth the problem itself, seek to answer the very impor-tant questions: " What do these things mean? Can the problem be solved? What will be the final outcome ?" We trust that this very timely special number will reach as many persons as possible. On account of th•  e regulations re-specting the religious orders which the French government has enacted and is enforcing, an exodus of the members of these orders, and even of the orders themselves, is taking place, and they are locating in other countries. It is significant that the objective points of the exodus are chiefly England and the United States. The largest number of the "religious" to arrive in this coun-try at any one time so far were fifty-four nuns, who arrived in New York direct from France on September 14. Of course the Papacy must have a "secretary of state." The astute Ram-polla ceased to hold this office with the late change of Popes. One "Mgr. Raf-faele Merry del Val," the son of a for-mer Spanish ambassador to the Vatican and an ecclesiastic of prominence, has now been appointed to this position by Pius X. He is evidently the sort of manŁ to aid the Papacy in her great scheme at this time, for he is "a young man of liberal, and even advanced, ideas." It is said that his appointment is unwelcome to Austria "on account of his Christian Democratic senti-ments." The items and reports in this issue show that the spirit of Sunday en-forcement is by no means dying out. This question, to which The Sentinel gives special attention and upon which it brings to bear the great principles which Sunday enforcement violates, was never more alive and important than to-day. In view of this will not our friends exert themselves to increase the circulation of The Sentinel. The paper needs your help in this way, and the people need the paper. " Christ and the church are against Sunday plays and 'Sunday baseball, and the whole thing's got to stop, and it will stop," is a reported declartion of Rev. H. Francis Perry of the First Bap-tist Church of Englewood, Ill. How does he know that Christ's attitude toward Sunday plays and Sunday baseball is any different from His atti-tude toward Monday plays and Monday baseball? The Roman Catholic archbishop of Lima, Peru, has sent a note to the Peru-vian minister of justice "asking the government to veto the law, recently approved by the congress, giving facili-ties for the marriage of non-Catholics." 