SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. A bill to legalize Sunday fishing was voted down in the Massachusetts legis-lature on February 12. The mayor of Park River, N. Dak., has issued a proclamation "calling upon business men to close their places of busi-ness on Sunday." On February 5 W. J. Uttley and W. J. Reynolds, barbers, of St. Paul, Minn., were fined in the police court of that city "for shaving customers on Sunday." Ł The ministers of Iron Mountain, Mich., "have organized a society to fight vice." "Their first step will be to see that the Sunday-closing law is enforced." On January 15 Representative Adams, of the New York legislature, introduced a bill "amending the penal code by al-lowing the sale or delivery of fresh milk at any time of the day on Sunday." ., "No more Sunday shaves," is the edict that has gone forth from the barbers of Hankinson, N. Dak., according to the News, of that place, which adds that "the rule will be strictly adhered to and no ex-ception made." Ł Carl Farnella, a groceryman of No. 429 West Thirty-seventh Street, New York, on a recent Sunday was induced by a policeman to commit the heinous ( ?) offense of selling two eggs. The officer at once caused his arrest, and he was fined $5. At a meeting of the Methodist min-isters of Baltimore, on February 3, a committee was appointed "to go to Ann-apolis to protect the provisions of the present Sunday law," which it is thought are threatened by "a. liberal Sunday-law bill now pending." Ł According to the Omaha (Neb.) News, Chief of Police Donahue, of that city, "has issued instructions to patrol-men to close all Saturday night public dances at 12 o'clock, and not to permit public dances of any character on the Sabbath evening." Ł It is reported that "the barbers' union has decreed, and so the police have or-dered, no more Sunday shaving in Bos-ton." The names of the barbers who work on Sundays in the business section of the city have been quietly obtained of late "for the purpose of summoning them into court." Ła The National Provisioner, of this city, reports that "the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union has been at work for Sunday closing in Kenton, Ohio," and that as a result the butchers of that place have "positively agreed to close and keep closed during the Sabbath day their various places of business." Ł S. S. Lyeria, a baker and grocer of Al-to Pass, Ill., was recently prosecuted for violating the Sunday closing ordinance, but was acquited by a jury. Those be-hind the prosecution were not satisfied with the verdict, and "the case will be 