TRUE LIBERTY  69 the flesh, but by love serve one another." That is to say, true liberty is serviceÑheart-service, the service of love. True liberty, which is only Christian liberty, is the liberty by love to serve one an-other. With the world it is not so. Worldly liberty is not true liberty. For there the ambition is to rule, to domineer, to cause others to serve. "The princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them ; and they that ex-ercise authority upon them are called benefactors [agents of good]. But it shall not be so among you: but whoso-ever will be great among you, let him be your minister; and whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant: even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many." Thus true liberty is the liberty by love to serve. This is Christian liberty, and there is no other true liberty. There is no other, for this itself is the fulfilling of the perfect law of liberty, as it is written, and as we read more fully: "Brethren ye have been called unto liberty ; only use not liberty as an occasion of the flesh, but by love serve one another. For all the law [of love and liberty] is fulfilled in this one word, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." And again : "Love worketh no ill to his neighbor; therefore love is the fulfilling of the law"Ñof God, of love, of liberty. And therefore this is the only true liberty. And this only is Christian liberty, and Christian liberty is only this, because it is revealed only in Christ, and is at-tained only by faith in Christ, as it is written: "Being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord  Jesus Christ : by whom also we have ac-cess by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God. And not only so, but we glory in tribulations also : knowing that tribula-tion worketh patience, and patience expe-rience, and experience hope : and hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us." By being partakers of the Holy Spirit, we are partakers of the divine nature. By being partakers of the divine nature we can do the divine thing of loving all men, even our enemies, and of serving them; which is only the fulfilling of the law of love and of liberty; which is the only true liberty. And in these days, just now, when vi-olence and strife, and every work of ill to men, is growing more and more to the filling of the land, there is needed the widest possible proclamation of just this "liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." And pre-cisely fitting to this time, and to this great need of the time, there is sent from God the blessed message of "the ever-lasting gospel," which itself is but the proclamation of this true liberty, "to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people." And to every one who ac-cepts this blessed message there is as-sured the true liberty, which is now so much needed ; for the culminating word of the message is the declarative prom-ise : "Here are they that keep the com-mandments of God and the faith of Jesus." Rev. i4: 6-12. Therefore, proclaim this liberty throughout all the world, to all the in-habitants thereof ; and stand fast in this liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free; for there is no other true liberty. 