392 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ity of the proceedings in the case of a man who had been accused and convicted of murder in Hawaii after the islands had been annexed to the United States and before they had become a territory. The Constitution provides that " no person shall be held to answer for a capital, or other infamous crime, unless on a pre-sentment or indictment of a grand jury," and it must be understood to require, in harmony with the common law practise, that the verdict of the trial jury shall be unanimous. In this case, in harmony with the methods in vogue under the in-dependent Hawaiian government, there had been no grand jury indictment, and the conviction was by a majority vote of the jury. The Supreme Court was asked to declare the trial and conviction illegal and void on the ground that the proceed-ings were not in harmony with the Con-stitution. Notwithstanding Congress had iself provided in the annexation resolu-tion that the Hawaiian laws " not con-trary to the Constitution of the United States " should remain in force, it was held by the majority of the court that " no change in the government was con-templated " in the resolution and that it could not have been the intention of Con-gress " to interfere with the existing practice," and thatŁ. therefore the proceed-ings were legal and valid.Ł It was agreed that if the words of the resolution, " 'not contrary to the Constitution of the United States,' be literally applied, the petitioner is entitled to his discharge " on the ground contended. It was thus admitted that if the view that the Constitution be-came the supreme law of Hawaii by vir-tue of its annexation had prevailed a decision opposite to that rendered would have been given. Thus, while the major-ity opinion confined itself to the annexa-tion resolution, holding that " the status of the islands and the power of their pro-visional government were measured " by it, and that it was unnecessary " to recon- sider the questions which arose in the insular tariff cases regarding the power of Congress to annex territory without at the same time extending the Constitution over it," the decision rendered was nec-essarily grounded on the proposition that the Constitution is not binding in terri-tory acquired by the United States until Congress has formally " extended " it. It is therefore a re-endorsement of the ominous doctrine that Congress can gov-ern outside the Constitution Š that the will of Congress and not the Constitution is the supreme law in new territory until Congress chooses to make the Constitu-tion supreme. Since the decisions of two years ago two new judges, Justices Holmes and Day, have succeeded Jus-tices Gray and Shiras, who held with the majority in the former decisions. But this seems to have made no difference in the complexion of the court as to this question of the Constitution and new ter-ritory. As before, Chief Justice Fuller and Justices Harlan, Brewer, and Peck-ham, admittedly the very ablest members of the tribunal, constituted the dissenting minority. Justice Brown again delivered the majority opinion, and again Chief Justice Fuller and Justice Harlan deliv-ered vigorous dissenting opinions. With marked emphasis the Chief Justice de-clared that it was plain to him that im-mediately upon annexation the Constitu-tion of the United States became the su-preme law of Hawaii. He declared that the construction put upon the resolution of Congress plainly providing that only laws in harmony with the Constitution should remain in force in Hawaii was a usurpation by the court of the law-mak-ing power. Justice Harlan " delivered his opinion in a manner even more forcible and dramatic than that of the Chief Jus-tice." The following from his opinion is a good setting forth of the dangerous and unrepublican character of the doc-trine now sanctioned for the second time 