786 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY children. We expressed the hope at that time that the court would uphold the true principle in the matter, and we are glad to report now that it has done so. On October 9 the supreme court rendered its decision in the case. The important para-graph reads as follows : Exercises by a teacher in a public school, in a school building in school hours and in the presence of the pupils, consisting of the read-ing of passages from the Bible, and in the singing of songs and hymns and offering prayer to the Deity, in accordance with the doctrines, beliefs, customs or usages of sec-tarian churches or religious organizations, are forbidden by the constitution of the State. This, of course, is in thorough accord with the great principle of separation of church and state, and is therefore gratify-ing to all who honor that principle and would see it adhered to in the country where it was first proclaimed in its ful-ness by the founders of a state. And, therefore, the American Secular Union and Freethought Federation, through the efforts of which Mr. Freeman's case was prosecuted and carried to the State su-preme court, is to be heartily congratu-lated. :Ł On October 12 The Hague tribunal rendered its decision in the "Pious Fund" case, deciding in favor of the United States, or rather in favor of the Roman Catholic Church in California. The court decided that, "since the government of Mexico had undertaken the administra-tion of a trust fund for the benefit of the Roman Catholic Church of California, it was bound to pay the interest to the bene-ficiaries, notwithstanding the cession of California to the United States." The New York Evening Post says the deci-sion "will tend to give confidence to all donors whose gifts lie in debatable terri-tory," and that its acceptance by Mexico will complete the establishment in inter- national law of the principle "that ari ele-emosynary or religious foundation is not rendered void by change of nationality on the part of the beneficiaries." This comment is added by The Post: This principle is not new. Generally, con-quering or cessionary powers have respected private foundations in newly-acquired terri-tory. But the particular application of the principle in the case of Mexico is unusual and interesting. The Hague tribunal finds that the mere relinquishing of all civic and political control of a given territory does not of itself terminate special fiduciary duties of a private or benevolent nature. Since the old trust, called the Pious Fund, is judged to be in full vigor, we shall have the curious spec-tacle of the Roman Catholic Church in Cali-fornia receiving a handsome annual subven-tion from the Government of Mexico. r. In discussing the peril brought upon the country by the coal strike situationŠ, a situation in which "a band of irrespon-sible strikers and a powerful monopoly have so far trampled upon the inalienable rights of the public as almost to deprive it of one of the absolute necessaries of life"Ša prominent periodical says the Romans had an axiom : "The safety of the people is the supreme law ;" and de-clares that that is the axiom that must be made dominant "in this Republic." And though not connecting it with the Ro-mans, hundreds of other periodicals and hundreds of thousands of people were moved by the situation to lay great em-phasis on the idea of this axiom, and to insist that it must be made dominant at any cost. The axiom is very good, and the demand that it control is no doubt proper enough. But things are going badly when a nation has to cry out for' the maintenance of this axiom. This cry in Rome, repeated from time to time, at last brought the dictatorship, with the surrender of all the powers of the state into the hands of a single individual to 