98  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY elemental of civil and natural rights, and leads to religious persecutionÑthen there will be something in existence that corresponds exactly to the "civic basis" for Sunday laws. The right to work is as sacred as the right to rest, and the man who wilfully assumes that his right to rest requires the abridgement of another man's right to work, and proceeds to act upon that assumption, is assuming a responsibility that he had better get along without. The sentiment which pervades the ranks of those who are most set in their opposition to any modification of tile laws requiring saloons to be closed or. Sundays, is a sentiment which means a great deal for the cause of enforced re-ligion and precious little for the cause of temperance. The suggestion which comes from certain opposers of the legal opening of saloons on Sunday, that beer and other intoxicants can be purchased by those who wish them and kept at home for Sunday consumption, is in thorough ac-cord with other indications which go to show that the prevention of dissipation and drunkenness is not the absorbing thought in the minds of these people. The "Continental Sunday" is a living specimen of a man-made sabbath. It is the logical and inevitable result of the attempt of man to take the place of God with reference to the Sabbath. It tells of ecclesiastical tampering with the law of God, and of legislative enforcement of "Sabbath" observance. Sunday enforce-ment, instead of preserving the Sab-bath, will simply hasten the complete reign of the "Continental Sunday." There is and always has been in the world a strong tendency to make reali-tiesÑveritiesÑmere words, and to make mere words realities and verities. This is how truth perishes and error flourishes among men. Thus the great thing lib-erty has been reduced time and again to a mere word, and then that word has been made to mean in reality slavery and despotism. And this tendency is still operating among men. Christianity needs no "expression in fundamental law." Long ago, at Sinai, it was expressed, as much as it can be in law, in a law so fundamental that not one jot or one tittle of it can pass away so long as heaven and earth endure. Christianity is the law of life, and it can be truly expressed not in law, however fundamental, but in living deeds. Chris-tianity calls men to the work of securing its expression in the lives of men, not in their laws. The "Continental Sunday" is declared to be a day of idleness, drunkenness and irreligion. Idleness, drunkenness and irreligion are the direct result of at-tempts to enforce the observance of a sacred day. Men cannot be compelled to worship God, and the attempt has just the opposite effect from that intended. When the attempt is made to compel men to observe a sacred day, the result is that they have less respect for the day and all that it professes to stand for than they had before. The reason why Christianity brings to men the only true liberty is because it makes them free by releasing them from the bond of selfishness, which is the root of all despotism. Love fills the life, and instead of the desire to rule others, comes the desire to serve others. Do you 