a a ONTARIO'S "LORD'S DAY' :ment in a Montreal paper that the de-cision " means that the advocates of a more thorough observance of the Lord's Day must seek relief from the Dominion government." They will no doubt do everything possible to get " relief " in this direction, but fortunately they are likely to find it not so easy a matter to secure what they want from the Domin-ion parliament as it was to secure it from the provincial legislature. An Ontario attorney who has been interested in the matter in connection with the arrest and prosecution of the seventh-day observers expresses the opinion that " the Domin-ion will not be able to enact such a strin-gent measure as was the Ontario-  statute, .owing to the larger country to legislate for and the more widely diversified opin-ions to be found in such a large country." Also it is reported from Ottawa that Mr. John Charlton, M. P., who has for many years interested himself in behalf of Sun-day observance by law, having attempted under the administrations of at least three different premiers to secure the enact-ment of additional Sunday legislation by the Dominion parliament, is of the opin-ion that the decision of the Privy Council " will have a very far-reaching effect, and that it will be difficult to secure a Dominion law to control the observance of the Sabbath." ' LEGISLATION INVALID 507 The only Sunday law now in force in Ontario, and likewise in all the other Canadian provinces, is the general law of the Dominion on the subject. This law " dates from the reign of Charles II. and is one of the imperial statutes adopted at the time of federation." It seems that under it it is not illegal for farmers to work on Sunday and for others to do work other than that of their " ordinary calling." The Dominion parliament alone has the constitutional authority to amend this law. So " all Lord's Day legislation passed by the Ontario leg-islature since confederation is ultra vires." When we go beyond the constitu-tion of Canada to the constitution of civilization, when we go beyond the law to the principles with which the law should conform and from which alone it derives its rightful authority, we must say further that the Sunday legislation of the Dominion itself is ultra vires. It is not within the scope of the legitimate author-ity of any civil legislature or parliament to deal with " offenses against religion " and to prohibit " the profanation of the Lord's Day." The profanation of the " Lord's Day," or any other day, and offenses against religion as such are not crimes, and all the criminal enactments of all the legislatures and parliaments of the world cannot make them such. The answer to the Sunday question which the Christian citizen should give is clear. He has no right to put theŁrelig-ious restriction of his conscience on another. Let us catch the spirit of Jesus Christ, . . . and while we take care to live honestly by our own faith in God and duty,, grant to each man the right to live by his faith and his conception of ,duty.ŠRev. Spencer B. Meeser, Detroit, Mich. All union of church and state is odious and of necessity oppressive to the non- conformist minority. Such a union would be none the less repugnant to us because the church which was a partner in this iniquitous compact was the Jewish. The tendency in all civilized countries is to-ward the gradual absolute separation of church and state, and the progress made in this direction is the justest test of the degree of civilization attained.ŠAmerican Israelite. Sunday legislation is church-and-state union. 