416 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY who were pronounced "pessimists" by the "optimists" of their generation, whose fleeting fame lived only while they lauded, and passed into oblivion even quicker that the perishing objects of their adulation. Ł We are obliged again, on account of the press of other matter, to leave over the third installment of "The Papal Theory of the Relation Between Church and State." But it will keep, and will be well worth reading and study when it does appear. The question of Sunday enforcement is not dead, as may be seen by reading this number of THE SENTINEL. There are more cases of Sunday arrests and agitations for Sunday enforcement re-ported in this number than was probably ever the case before for the same length of time. We were very glad to see recently in a Boston paper which has in the past given considerable endorsement to the National "Reform" cause, an address in full, as delivered at Berkeley Hall, Bos-ton, on Easter Sunday, on "Religious Legislation," by Mrs. Stella Archer Ma-loney, a good representative of religious liberty. Mrs. Maloney has sent us a copy of the address, and the best por-tions of it will appear in our next issue. Although they do not care to say so, the real meaning of the position of those who demand that people shall be com-pelled to cease work and play on ;the first day of the week, is that they shall be compelled to go to church on that day. Formerly there was positive enforcement of church attendance in connection with Sunday laws ; now there is negative en-forcement of the same thing. The law which compelled people to go to church  and the law which compels them to do nothing else are not essentially different, though it is now more politic to advocate the one than the other. "Probably, taking into account the vast increase in the population of the world, there are as many people who believe in astrology to-day as there were in the Middle Ages," observes a journal which holds that the human race.is constantly progressing toward perfection. And many who do not believe in astrology be-lieve in other things that are no better, though having their origin some time this side of the Middle Ages. The French Chamber of Deputies re-cently passed a bill requiring "a weekly day of obligatory rest for shop assist-ants, including workmen and work-women, and applying to hotels, restau-rants and confectioners." About the same time the Chamber held business sessions on Sundays, but we do not know whether this compulsory rest bill was passed on Sunday or not, or whether it was made to apply to legislators. "By all means preserve the American Sunday as long as possible from legal sacrilege," says the Albert Lea (Minn.) Tribune, "and if somebody desecrates it by brazenly and viciously violating the laws of his country, let the odium be upon his head and not upon the masses of the people." The process 'of letting whatever odium attaches to "Sunday-breaking" rest upon the head of him who is guilty would be much simplified by removing all laws on the subject from the statute books and leaving the whole matter to the free action of individuals. where it properly belongs. 