86 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY having it become an age in which con-sideration for the worker will be the only consideration, and in which the workers will be allowed to override the rights of all other classes. We prefer that it shall be an age in which the just rights of all classes and individuals are recognized and considered. There is too much of a disposition on the part of the working people as represented in trade-unions to think of nobody's rights but their own, and consequently to fall into the way of demanding as their rights what conflicts with the rights of others, and of reck-lessly overriding the rights of others in the effort to attain their ends. This dis-position is beginning to manifest itself in the direction of Sunday legislation and enforcement. While working people should have every protection that the State can give them consistently with its duty to all its citizens, there is not one whit more justice in the demand of union organizations that all employers and non-unionists shall be prevented by law from engaging in any sort of business or of doing any sort of work on Sunday that is perfectly legitimate on other days, than there would be in a demand by unionists that the law should prevent employers from employing men and non-unionists from working when the unionists have declared a strike. The aim in society should be equal justice, freedom and liberty for all; and that condition in which the just rights of some are invaded in the supposed interests of others, is an unhealthful, unrighteous and in the long run an intolerable con-dition. It will create trouble sooner or later. And to compel all persons to stop work and business of every kind on a specified day because some do not want to work on that day, is to bring about just that sort of a condition. It is to de-prive some of their just rights in order that others may have more than their just rights. The retired Episcopalian clergyman of Geneva, N. Y., who, it is reported, has begun an agitation which has for its ob-ject such a modification of the State Sun-day law as will permit ball playing on Sunday, is credited with these sensible remarks : The personal rights and liberty of individuals ate too much infringed upon by the prevention of ball playing on Sunday for it to be con-sistent with the blessing of social freedom. which we have as a common heritage. The law does 'not give arbitrary rules to govern social conduct as long as it does not conflict with social order. . . . Among the reasons given by those who oppose Sunday baseball is that the noise will disturb Sunday repose. Crowds gather and loud, boisterous conduct follows. This is not an argument against the game itself, for unseemly actions are a mere passable condition or accident which may easily be remedied or prevented. Disorderly conduct is wrong at any time, on Monday as well as on Sunday. . . . The great number of employees who are occupied during the entire week, every day except Sunday, and whose only opportunity for outdoor exercise and recreation is on Sunday, think it but fair that they should have the selection of such pastimes and amusements as a proper inclina-tion suggests. . . . There is also a moral side to this question. The very best Christian ministers agree that amusements, as long as they are without prejudice to the public, are excellent safeguards to morals. About the middle of January it was re-ported that the Montana W. C. T. U. had already secured over 3,000 signatures to the petition calling for the enactment of a law prohibiting the opening of saloons on Sunday, which it is circulating through-out the State. The petition, with the names already secured attached to it, was presented in the lower house of the legis-lature on January 15. The document measured over twenty-seven feet in length. The State liquor dealers' associa-tion is preparing to defeat the bill when it comes up in the legislature. a A 