EDITORIAL 439 and "is therefore plainly contrary both to the Constitution of the United States and of the Commonwealth of Massachu-setts." It is gratifying to note that these re-ligious champions of Sunday legislation are so awake to the grave danger and un-constitutional character of class legisla-tion and the legal establishment of a mo-nopoly. It is to be regretted, however, that they do not seem to perceive that the principle which they so stoutly urged, and not without reason, too, against this "Sunday-Soda Bill," applies with even more force against the legislation for the preservation of which they are so much concerned. Sunday legislation is pre-eminently class legislation, and that of the most dangerous sort, for it is in the interests of a religious class ; and conse-quently it establishes a monopoly of the most dangerous and inexcusable sort. On the one hand a set of religionists se-cure the power of the law for the en-forcement of a religious institution which they want everybody to observe, and on the other hand the state, controlled of course in the matter by the class which it has especially favored, monopolizes the matter of Sabbath observance, taking it out of the realm of free action and mak-ing it a matter of statute law. It was well said by a committee of Congress in 183o, with reference to demands for legislation in behalf of Sunday observ-ance, that if Congress should, by the authority of law, sanction and set apart as the Sabbath the day observed by the religious class observing Sunday, that "it would constitute a legislative decision of a religious controversy in which even Christians themselves are at issue," and that "the obligation of government is the same on all these classes [ Sabbatarians, Jews, Gentiles and infidels],"Š"to pro-tect all and determine for none." Tke Great West Indian Catas- trophe Those who read these lines will not need to be told of the great West Indian disaster which has startled and shocked the world. The lives of thirty thousand people snuffed out and a beautiful city consumed and buried within thirty sec-onds by a hot blast from the bowels of the earth ! An area of six by ten miles in which everything and almost the soil it-self was instantly destroyed ! The mind turns at once to the ill-fated cities which nestled at the base of Vesuvius in the year 79, or still farther back, to the twin cities of the Vale.of Siddim on which fire and brimstone rained out of heaven in total and eternal destruction. No one knows how many thousands or millions of people perished with Sodom and Gomorrah ; it is simply known that only four persons escaped from Sodom. But it seems that the eruption of the morning of the 8th of May was more disastrous when measured by the mortal-ity entailed than was that of the year 79, for it is estimated that not more than 25,000 persons fell a prey to the fury of Vesuvius at that time, while not less than 30,000 were stricken by the great sheet of flame and terrible gaseous whirlwind which burst from the side of Mont Pelee. And more than that it is estimated that nearly two thousand persons have per-ished on the neighboring island .of St. Vincent, where the volcano of La Sou-friere began its work of destruction im-mediately after the great outburst upon Martinique. And in addition to this the survivors on both islands have been left almost destitute of any means of suste-nance, and although quick and generous aid has been extended to them, especially by the United States, it is not improbable that many people will yet die for the lack of the necessities of life. 