EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 533 q Ł Why do they not learn a lesson from this and other instances that are related when it suits their purpose, and depend upon God instead of upon the law in this matter of " Sabbath " observance ? Sunday Observance In a sermon on Not a Moral Obli- "Sabbath observ- gation ance," preached on June 7, Rev. Alexander Coffin, rector of the " Church of the Holy Communion," Redwood, Minn., declared : The Fourth Commandment, embodied in the midst of man's moral law, sets forth a.  divine law to operate throughout human society. It sets apart a weekly rest day. . . . So greatly recognized and cherished is the weekly day of rest that if the civil authority could be imag-ined as setting it aside or ordering all business resumed on that day, or if the employers uni-versally were to hold their employes to un-remitting labor on the seventh day of the week [sic] there would undoubtedly be an over-whelming protest throttghout the business world. This being true, the alarm of the clergy over the " threatened destruction of the day of rest," and their efforts to avert this calamity that they are so sure is at hand, are entirely uncalled for. Mr. Coffin de-clared that " the observance of the first day of the week as the day of rest instead of the seventh day is a ritual change, not a religious or moral change." If this transfer involved no religious or moral change, nor any flouting of " the divine authority of the ancient moral law " or of " the moral obligation of the Fourth Com-mandment," which we are told " the Christian church teaches implicitly," then the observance of any particular day is not a religious or moral obligation, and is not Łrequired by the ancient moral law and the Fourth Commandment. Conse-quently the observance of Sunday is not a religious or moral obligation, and is not required by the ancient moral law and the Fourth Commandment. The first day of the week then has no precedence whatever over any other day of the week as a day  upon which to fulfil the requirement of the ancient moral law and the Fourth Commandment ; its observance is no more of a religious and moral obligation than is the observance of any other day of the week. This knocks the bottom out of the chief contentions of the Sunday cham-pions ; at least it calls for a very great modification of their present claims and assumptions. Churches Need to Get In an editorial Hold of the Chris- called forth by the tian Principle protests of the churches " against an increasing desecra-tion of ' the Sabbath,' " The Outlook well emphasizes the point that the churches very much need to get hold of the Christian principle in this matter of Sabbath or " Lord's Day " observance Što see that it is not by outward, pro-hibitive precept, but by inward, positive purpose that the observance of the day is to be regulated. This principle, of course, admits of no use of legislation and coer-cion in the matter. The Outlook well says: Suppose that a prohibitive precept could be enforced, as once, on those whom church con-ventions charge with doing things that dese-crate the consecrated day, what gain thereby? The real desecration is not in the things they do, for things innocent on one day are equally innocent on any other. It is in the repudiation of the high purpose which prizes the day as its helperŠChrist's purpose to build a divine man-hood by winning men to care for the things he cares for. Decorous churchgoers severely disapproving of Sunday golf-players and cigar-sellers may yet be essentially with them through lack of this regulative Christian pur-pose. This inward, Christian purpose, by which alone the Sabbath can be truly ob-served, cannot be inspired by outward force or prohibition. The churches, in seeking to promote " Sabbath " observ-ance by legislation and emphasis of out-ward prohibition, are really repudiating the essence of Christianity and making 