684 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY truth is that the keeping of the sev-enth day is a religious sectarian tenet of the Jews, and was so regarded by Jesus and the primitive Christians, who disclaimed any moral or religious ob-ligation to observe it, and as soon as they acquire physical strength enough to become fearless of the Jews, they re-nounced it altogether, and had a nat-ural and moral right to do so, on the same principle that all others have an equal right to renounce the first-day sabbath established by the Christian sect and statute law, and not by God's appointment, any more than the Jewish sabbath, which the first-day Christians have renounced.* The keeping of either of those two days as a sabbath, being but a sectarian seems to be principally a command against labor on a specified day, but there is also the command, which comes first, to keep " it [the day] holy," and it seems that labor is forbidden for this purpose. So while there is no command against recreation nor any direct command for the per-formance of religious exercises, it may very properly, and indeed must be, inferred that recreation not in keeping with the observance of the day as holy is forbidden, and that relig-ious exercises in spirit and in truth, by which the day can best be kept holy, are required.Š EDITOR. * Of course one's opinion as to whether or not the seventh-day Sabbath is merely "the Jew-ish Sabbath," and its observance merely " a relig-ious sectarian tenet of the Jews," depends upon one's opinion as to whether or not the Ten Commandments are laws of God or merely laws of the Jews. If the ' Fourth Commandment is a law of God, then the seventh-day Sabbath is the Sabbath of the Lord, as the commandment says, and not merely the Sabbath of the Jews, and the command for its observance is a com-mand to all mankind. It is very true that the Christian church, so-called, renounced the sev-enth-day Sabbath, or rather gradually displaced it with the first-day sabbath, and that the observ-' ance of the seventh day was discarded on the ground that it was " Jewish," but it is saying too much to say that " Jesus and the primitive Christians " regarded the observance of the sev-enth day as merely a Jewish institution. The record does not support this statement, although it does show that Jesus and the primitive Chris-tians regarded some of the ideas which the Jews held regarding the Sabbath and the regulations with which they had burdened its observance as of man and not of God and disclaimed any moral or religious obligation to bow to them.Š EDITOR. religious tenet, is only binding on those who conscientiously believe in them re-spectively as such. The conscientious disbelief of either or both of them as a sabbath, by divine authority, can never amount to moral depravity. The guilt or moral turpitude, if any can arise from the belief or disbelief of those religious tenets, is in hypocriti-cally acting against conscientious con-victions on the subject. Such deceit being undeniably immoral, the law which compels that dishonest course of conduct partakes of the character of the unrighteous action which it com-mands to be done. So it is with the statute under consideration. By com-pelling those to keep the first or the seventh day who disbelieve in the di-vine appointment of either of them as a religious sabbath day, it commits a real act of immorality in attempting to suppress an imaginary one, and on that account contains no righteous binding power. Let no one think that I object to the Christian Sabbath ; for that would be a great mistake. Let no one assert that I find fault with any religious sect for keeping a sabbath day, for that would not be true. I would allow all as a matter of moral, religious and political right to keep a sabbath day, or any day or days as such, who are bound by their respective conscientious religious creeds to do so. I object against the law in question, or against those pro-visions of it which compel any to keep a religious sabbath against their con-scientious religious "modes of faith." And if there are any religious sects who make it a matter of conscience to compel others to act against their conscience "in respect to the sabbath days," I find fault with them and the inconsistency and injustice of their conduct, and solemnly protest against the existence of any moral or political Ł 