SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. O Sunday Golf Held The city solicitor of Legal in Maa- Medford, Mass., Mr. sachusetta James M. Hallowell, who was for many years an assistant at-torney-general of the Commonwealth, has ruled that golf playing on Sunday is not in violation of the State Sunday law. A campaign against Sunday golf playing, begun and led by clergymen, resulted in the passage of a resolution by the common council requesting the mayor " to instruct the chief of police to investigate and re-port at once upon the alleged playing of golf on Sundays on the links of the Medford Golf Club " and " to take such measures as may be necessary to suppress it." In a communication to the council on June 22 the mayor stated that he had found on investigation that golf playing took place on Sundays as alleged, but that from " an exhaustive opinion " on the subject that had been prepared at his request by the city solicitor, and which accompanied his communication, it would appear that no illegal act was being there-by committed. In conclusion he gave the council to understand that he did not ap-prove of the course that it had taken in the matter, stating that it would have been much wiser if any member or other person who believed that any illegal acts were being committed had reported the matter directly to him, and that he could assure the council that he thoroughly understood that it was his duty " to suppress any violation of the Sunday laws " that oc-curred in Medford, and that he would live up to his duty " in every sense." After listening to the solicitor's opinion the council decided to take no further action against golf playing. The opinion of the solicitor was " based on a study of  the Sunday laws from the earliest times to date," and is said to be " the first legal opinion of the kind ever filed in the his-tory of the Commonwealth." It " recites. in substance that unless a contest, tour-nament or match game is indulged in on. the Sabbath, there is no law to prevent the playing of golf on that day." The opinion quotes the Bible commands, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy,"-and " in it thou shalt not do any work," and says the legislature of Massachusetts has at-tempted to improve upon the Mosaic law by granting special legislative dispensation to many persons engaged in supplying what are supposed to be the conveniences if not the necessities of life, and by forbidding not only work, but " any game, sport, play or public di-version." Among the essentials of life which the legislature has deemed of such benign in-fluence as to exempt from the Biblical prohi-bition are the retail sale of tobacco in all its forms and the sale and delivery of newspapers. The opinion declares that an equally wise pro-vision of the common law has seen fit to grant unto the Lord's day the special privilege of being the only day in the week upon which one may cheat another in a horse trade and retain his plunder; for a learned judge, since elevated to the Supreme Court of the United States, has said in a comparatively recent case which is still law : " No action can be main-tained for a deceit practised in an exchange of horses on the Lord's day." (Hall vs. Corcoran, 107 Mass. 251.) The portion dealing directly with the point under consideration read as follows : Until overruled by the Supreme Court of this Commonwealth I propose to interpret this statute so as to give it some common sense when applied to the conditions of to-day. The statute makes it a criminal offense for any one to take part " in any sport, game, play or pub-lic diversion." If the minister of my parish in order to obtain some exercise or recreation on the Sabbath afternoon stands in his backyard and tosses a ball up in the air, he is not in my 