498  THE, SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY mission of "the spirit of broad concilia-tion, and the keen desire to arrive at a definite arrangement, with which the questions proposed would be approached on the part of the Vatican in the settle-ment of what was in 'its power to settle." He could not respond in detail to the various questions, but would submit them to the commission of cardinals to be appointed for the purpose. As we have stated, immediately fol-lowing this interview the instructions of the President and Secretary of War to Governor Taft with regard to this Vati-can "business transaction" were handed to the papal secretary, Rampolla, and were made public on the following day in the United States. These instructions were but a somewhat more definite and detailed statement of what was contained in the official announcement given out by the War Department on May 20, to which we called attention last month. We would like to present these instruc-tions in full, but that is out of the ques-tion. It is first stated that Governor, Taft is authorized to visit Rome and "there ascertain what Church authorities have the power to negotiate and deter-mine upon a sale of the lands of the re-ligious orders," and that when he finds "that the officers of the Church of Rome have such power and authority" he is to "endeavor to attain the results above in-dicated." All negotiations that may be entered into can be made binding and effective only by the action of Congress, and in all conferences and negotiations certain stated propositions, "which are deemed to be fundamental," must be borne in mind and "should be fully and frankly stated to the other side in the negotiations." The first of these propo-sitions is as follows : One of the controlling principles of our Government is the complete separation of church and state, with the entire freedom of each from any control or interference by the  other. This principle is imperative wherever American jurisdiction extends, and no modi-fication or shading thereof can be a subject of discussion. This is certainly plain and definite enough. The next proposition is in part that "it is now necessary to deal with the results of establishing a government con-trolled by this principle in the Philippine Islands, which have for centuries been. governed under an entirely different sys-tem." The remainder of the propositions are with regard to the settlement of the difficulties which this situation has pro-duced. By reason of the separation of church and state "the religious orders can no longer perform in behalf of the state the duties in relation to public charities and public instruction formerly resting upon them," and such is the hos-tility of the natives toward them "that they are no longer capable of serving any useful purpose for the Church" in the islands. It will require armed interven-tion on the part of the civil government to collect rents from the populous com-munities occupying the friars' lands, and to restore them to their former positions as priests. The doing of the last "the principles of our Government forbid." Under the conditions it is for the interest of both Church and state that the landed proprietorship of the religious orders should cease, and that "the Church should seek other agents" for carrying on "its ministrations among the people of the islands and for conducting on its own behalf a system of instruction, with which we have no desire to interfere," if it wishes to continue such work, "as of course it does wish." It is the wish of the American Government that the titles of the religious orders to the large tracts of agricultural lands shall be extin-. guished, and that full compensation shall be made therefor. But the money re-ceived in this way must not be fused in 