THE SUPREMACY -OF THE PAPACY 9 did not live to reap the coming harvest of gold. THE PAPACY ONE GREAT SYSTEM OF SIMONY At the death of Urban VI. (Oct. 15, 1389) the remaining cardinals, seventeen in number, whom he .had appointed, pro-ceeded to the election of a successor, meeting in conclave at Rome, or near by ; and chose Peter Tomacelli, who took the name of Boniface IX. (Nov. 2, 1389, to Oct. I, 1404). He immediately created four new cardinals. When the jubilee expired he sent his collectors into all the countries that were partisans of this side of the schism, " with full power to grant the indulgences of the jubilee to such as had been prevented by sickness or any other lawful impediment from going to Rome. Thus were immense sums col-lected." Further to gather money, he re-duced to a thorough system the sale of church offices, from cardinalates to the lowest that was within his reach. " To indulge, palliate, and establish this sim-ony," he established " as a permanent tax the annates, or first fruits, of every bish-opric and rich abbey, calculated on a new scale, triple that in which they stood be-fore in the papal books. This was to be paid in advance by the candidates for promotion, some of whom never got pos-session of the benefice. That was a matter of supreme indifference to Boni-face, as he could sell it again. But as these candidates rarely came to court with money equal to the demand, usurers, with whom the pope was in unholy league, advanced the sum on exorbitant interest. The debt was sometimes sued for in the pope's court."ŠMillman. " The smaller benefices were sold from the day of his appointment with shame-less and scandalous notoriety. Men wan-dered about Lombardy, and other parts of Italy, searching out the age of hoary incumbents, and watching their diseases  and infirmities. For this service they were paid by the greedy aspirants at Rome. On their report the tariff rose or fell. Benefices were sold over and over again. Graces were granted to the last purchaser, with the magic word ' Preference ' which cost twenty-five flor-ins. That was superseded by a more authoritative phrase (at fifty florins), a prerogative of precedence. Petitions al-ready granted were sometimes cancelled in favor of a higher bidder; the pope treated the lower offer as an attempt to defraud him. " In the same year the secretary The-odoric a Niem had known the same bene-fice sold in the course of one week to several successive claimants. The bene-fices were so openly sold that if money was not at hand the pope would receive the price in kine, in swine, sheep, oxen, horses, or grain. The officers were as skillful in these arts as himself. His auditors would hold twenty expectatives, and receive the first fruits. The argus-eyed pope, however, watched the death-bed of all his officers. Their books, robes, furniture, money, escheated to the pope. No grace of any kind, even to the poorest, was signed without its florin fee. The pope, even during mass, was seen to be consulting with his secretaries on these worldly affairs. The accumula-tion of pluralities on unworthy men was scandalous even in those times."ŠId. Of course, " on his side, Clement, in point of exaction, was not behind his competitor. He ruined the clergy of France and Spain by enormous imposi-tions, and extorted incredible sums from the faithful. . . . Whilst Italy was thus squeezed by an avaricious pontiff, France was groaning beneath the weight of im-posts, which had accumulated in that country, to support the prodigalities of the pope at Avignon, his thirty-six car-dinals, mistresses, and minions. At last the prelates of the kingdom, tired of pay- 