SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial departmerit. A bill prohibiting the playing of foot-ball and baseball on Sunday under a penalty of a fine of $50 was introduced in the lower house of the Missouri legis-lature on January 24. Ł It has been reported from Bismarck, N. Dak., that " a Sunday-closing law will probably be passed in the interests of the State barbers' association " at the present session of the North Dakota legislature. On January 29 the lower house of the Indiana legislature, by a vote of sixty to twenty-one, passed a bill permitting the playing of baseball on Sunday after-noons. " A delegation of ministers at-tempted to influence the house against its passage, but their efforts were of no avail, so unanimous was the sentiment in its behalf." The bill " interdicts the playing of games before 2 p. m.," and forbids under severe penalty the sale of intoxicants on the ball grounds. Ł It has been reported from Philadelphia that certain cigar dealers of that city who have been convicted for Sunday sell-ing, will " test the legality of the Sunday laws." A Philadelphia paper remarks that a magistrate should " think twice before attempting to enforce an old law enacted over a century ago 'when con-ditions were entirely different, and which would have become obsolete long ago but for the pressure brought by church people throughout the State on the legis-lature." Ł It is reported from Jersey City, N. J., that the captain of the fourth police  precinct in that city " is determined that the Sunday Vice and Immorality law shall be enforced in his district." Two butchers and one groceryman were ar-rested in that precinct on January 25 for " violation of the Sunday-closing law." One of them had been " repeatedly warned to discontinue his Sabbath busi-ness, but continued to keep his store open.'?  Think of the utter depravity of the man ! Ł The Allegan (Mich.) Gazette of the 7th instant contained the information that " Sunday closing of business places, except those exempted by State law, was established in Allegan last Sunday with-out friction or enough opposition at the time or since to be worth mentioning." The merchants had been " notified by the sheriff to close their places of busi-ness on Sunday hereafter," and the action of the sheriff was " the result of petitions that have been circulated by citizens ask-ing that the Sunday-closing law be en-forced." Ł On January 21 a delegation represent-ing the local Retail Grocers' Protective Association and the local Central Labor Union called upon the District Cimmis-sioners in Washington " to urge that some action be taken before this session of Congress to report favorably a bill on the subject of Sunday closing." " It was declared that there is absolutely no need of grocery and clothing stores re-maining open on Sunday," and that " none of the grocers now opening on Sunday would object to closing provided their competing neighbor would have to close also." 