THE STATE, THE SABBATH, AND PHYSICAL REST 803 indulgence of her pride and extravaganceŁ in adhering to her separate pontiff. If France would have her own pope, she must be at the expense of maintaining that pope and his conclave. While the Transalpine kingdoms in the obedience of Urban rendered but barren allegiance, paid no tenths to the papal see, took quiet possession of the appointment to vacant beneficies ; in France the liberties of the Church were perpetually invaded. The clergy were crushed with demands of tenths of subsidies; their estates were loaded with debts to enrich the apostolic chamber. "The six-and-thirty cardinals had proctors in ambush in all parts of the realm, armed with papal bulls, to give no-tice if any large benefice fell vacant in  cathedral or collegiate churches, or the priories of wealthy abbeys. They were immediately grasped as papal reserves, to reward or to secure the fidelity of the hungry cardinals. They handed these down in succession to each other, some-times condescending to disguise the ac-cumulation of pluralities by only charg-ing the benefices with large payments to themselves. 'So,' says an ecclesiastic of the day, 'the generous intentions of kings and royal families were frustrated, the service of God was neglected, the de-votion of the faithful grew cold, the realm was drained; many ecclesiastics were in the lowest state of penury; the flourishing schools of the realm were re-duced to nothing; the University of Paris mourned for want of scholars.' "ŠMilian. The State, the Sabbath, and PI'sical Rest By J. 0. Corliss NDER the heading, "The State and the Sabbath," The Maccabean has said some sensible things regarding the duty of the state not to interfere with the Sabbath by legislation. But while it has taken a good stand on the main question at issue in the "Sabbath"-law agitation, it has made some admissions that are fatal to its own contention. One of these is that the state may in-stitute a rest-day, provided that it does not specify the day, in order to prevent its citizens from injuring themselves by overwork. This is very much like the demand of some misnamed temperance associations of the present day. They demand that liquor selling shall cease on one particular day of the week, seem-ing to be perfectly willing thatŁit shall be  sold freely on all other days. Now if liquor will intoxicate men, and if its use is a wrong indulgence and its sale some-thing that should be prohibited by law on one day of the week, why is it not just as bad a beverage, its use just as wrong, and its sale just as much of an injury to society on any and every other day of the week? If it is, then is not the de-mand for one-day temperance by so-called temperance people inconsistent ? It is just as inconsistent to say that the state ought to set apart a day of rest so that people may not do themselves injury by "excessive and unremitting labor." Why should people be required by law to rest on a given day of the week, on such ground, when they are left perfectly free to dissipate the entire 