EDITORIAL 3u assurance that the Catholics of the Phil- . ippines will be the most devoted sup- 9%, porters of the American Republic." Was there any connection between the giving of this " assurance that the Catholics of the Philippines will be the most devoted supporters of the American Republic " and the bringing about of such a condition with regard to Philippine matters that it can be boasted by the representatives of " the Church " that " the wild clamors of religious fanaticism have been quelled and the unworthy aims of designing politicians have been thwarted," and that the Pope " serenely legislates for the religious government of the new possessions "? It is signifi-cant that those who last summer were so frantic over the course of the Govern-ment with regard to " the Church " in the Philippines are now calmly trusting " in the fearlessness and keen sense of justice of our great Chief Executive." Last summer they were bitterly denounc-ing the " proselyting policy " which they alleged was being pursued by the Gov-ernment in the Philippines ; now they are admiring the President's " courage and his love of justice," and are expressing their gratitude for " an Executive who is not afraid " and " not averse to doing what is just." The meaning of this, as The Independent says of the appointment to the Chief Justiceship of the Philippine Supreme Court, " is not difficult to dis-cover." We will have more to say re- . garding this matter at another time. The principle laid down by Magistrate Deuel of Manhattan in a case of baseball playing on Sunday has been reaffirmed by another Greater New York magistrate in a case of football playing on Sunday. A football game between two New York teams was advertised to take place at Celtic Park, Long Island, on May 3. Just as the game was about to begin two officers arrived, and after securing en- trance to the grounds (which they did by purchasing two programs at twenty-five cents each on the outside), arrested David Madigan, the manager, on the charge of " violating the Sunday law." Madigan was taken to the police station and re-leased on $50o bail. Two days later he was discharged by Magistrate Connorton of Long Island City, who " held that ath-letic sports were legal on Sunday as long as no complaints were made by residents of the neighborhood that they were be-ing annoyed." Noting Magistrate Deuel's decision and the fact that golf-playing and other games and sports are " tolerated in New York City and surrounding towns " on Sunday, the Springfield Republican re-marks that " New York City is still a long way ahead of the large cities of the West in the matter of Sunday observance." It may be said also that New York City is a long way ahead of some of the large cities of the East in the matter of leaving Sunday observance to individual choiceŠto which of course it should be left en-tirely. Ł At a Methodist ministers' meeting in Toronto on April 13 Rev. T. A. Moore, of the Ontario Lord's Day (Sunday) Alli-ance, gave an address upon the work of that organization, his topic being, " The Canadian Sabbath of Yesterday, To-day and To-morrow." " The lapse from for-mer standards of Sabbath observance and the chief reasons for Sabbath dese-cration at the present time were attributed to desire for gain and lust for pleasure." O " Whoever controls the masses, reigns," declared Archbishop Ireland re-cently. This explains why the Papacy is working so assiduously to-day to become, if not in fact, at least in the eyes of gov-ernments and rulers, the controller of the masses. She wants to reign. 