206 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERT) and five of the six charged with being present were fined $2 each." The girl " was found not guilty and discharged." It is said that " the Poles were in an ex-cited frame of mind, and did not hesitate to say that it was a shame for the policeman to arrest them when they were only having a little fun dancing." And it was a shame, too, if they were doing only that for which they would not have been molested on any other evening. The New York Provisioner, of Feb-ruary 28, reported that " New York City grocers are seconding the butchers' efforts for the Sunday closing of stores," and in confirmation of this printed the following : The provision and package people have caused the *Bowing Sunday-closing bill to be introduced in the legislature at Albany: " Section 1. Section two hundred and sixty-seven of the penal code is hereby amended to read as follows : " Section 267. Public traffic.ŠAll manner of public selling or offering for sale or deliv-ery of any property on Sunday is prohibited, except (articles of food may be sold and sup-plied at any time before ten o'clock in the Inclining and except also) that meals may be sold to be eaten on the premises where sold or served elsewhere by caterers; and prepared tobacco, milk, ice and soda water may be sold in places other than where groceries, vege-tables, spirituous or malt liquors or wines are kept or offered for sale. and except also that between the hours of five and eight in the evening, prepared meats and fish, salads and cheese may be sold. And except that between the period of June fifteenth and September fifteenth inclusive in each year butter, milk, lard and ice may be delivered up to ten o'clock in the morning. But nothing in said last sen-tence contained shall authorize the opening of the places of business to admit customers. Fruits, flowers, confections, newspapers, drugs, medicines and surgical appliances may be sold in a quiet and orderly manner at any time of the day; the provision of this section, however, shall not be construed to allow or permit the public sale or exposing for sale or delivery of uncooked flesh foods or meats, fresh or salt, at any hour or time of the day. " Section 2. This act shall take effect Sep-tember first, nineteen hundred and three." We do not know exactly what changes this bill would accomplish in the present  law. The Provisioner says " the ten-o'clock provision will kill the measure as a practical law," and declares: " Close tight or make no bluff at it." Several weeks ago the butchers' union of St. Louis, Mo., had this communica-tion sent to the police authorities of the city : To the Honorable Police Commissioners, St. Louis, Mo.: GentlemenŠActing under the instructions of the St. Louis Butchers' Union, an organization chartered by the laws of the State of Missouri, in 1886, your attention is respectfully called to the flagrant violation of the State Sunday law in St. Louis, Mo., where grocery stores, markets, saloons, theatres and concert halls are open and do regular business on the Sabbath day. Inasmuch as in 1904 it is proposed to have in St. Louis the greatest and most complete world's fair known to history, and as there will be visitors from all nations, it is important that they should receive a good impression of St. Louis and its people. As the United States Government has decreed that the World's Fair gates shall close on Sundays, would it not be eminently proper for the city of St. Louis to follow the example thus set at the fountain-head of the nation and enforce general Sunday closing of busi-ness? On you, gentlemen, as police commis-sioners of St. Louis, Mo., depends the enforce-ment of the State and city law, and as the State laws on Sunday closing of business are sufficient and explicit, you are respectfully requested to rigidly enforce their provisions. Respectfully submitted, ST. LOUIS BUTCHERS' UNION. Walter Pfeiffer, President. John H. Schofield, Secretary. When the butchers first began their agitation they " asked the cooperation of the clergy in an effort on their part to close their shops on Sunday, saying that they were desirous of doing so, but that their customers would not agree." The response of the clergymen showed that " the ministers of St. Louis are in favor of closing everything on Sunday but the churches." 