" Am Delighted With It" says the SENATE POSTMASTER of a western State Speaking of theŠ Webster Dictionary and Complete Vest-Pocket Library Five Books in One I A Dictionary 2 A Gazetteer 3 A Parliamentary Manual 4 An Expert Calculator 5 Literary Guide 45,800 WORDS PRICES: Morocco Bound, with stamp holder, 3,103c Leather Cloth - - - 25c Ł VŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁ,.... PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 11 West 20th St., N. Y. City. 4 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY 447 it is putting the effect before the cause; it is trying to build the house without gathering the material. We cannot have a Christian city without Christian citizens. Men's hearts must be renewed before we can hope for new social and civic condi-tions. Let us labor and pray for what people nowadays sneer at as " an old-fashioned revival "Šof the fashion of the first revival when Peter preached on the streets of Jerusalem.ŠHerald and Pres-byter, Cincinnati. Ł " About A.D. 32 there appeared in Judea the first Christian citizenship ' league. Its object was the same as that of the modern leagues, to enthrone Christ. Of the Lord's attitude toward that league it is written : ' When Jesus therefore per-ceived that they would take Him by force to make Him king. He departed again into a mountain himself alone.' He fled  from that Christian citizenship' com-pany, ' a great multitude,' too, preferring rather to be alone than be with those who so utterly misinterpreted the nature of His kingdom and misread His character. And just as certain as ,Christ left those who would make him king of carnal men by carnal methods in A.D. 32, just so sure will He leave those who to-day thus seek to make Him king. Christ's kingdom among men to-day is a spiritual kingdom, and its subjects are those who serve Him in spirit and in truth. He seeketh such to serve Him. When His kingdom of righteousness and truth has been estab-lished by the Holy Spirit in the hearts of all who will receive it, then He will come and destroy out of His kingdom all things that offend and them which do iniquity, purify the earth with fervent heat, ' make all things new,' and ' reign for ever and ever.' " r Easy Washing  We have a preparation that will re-move dirt and stains from clothes with very little work. Practically no rub-bing, and POSITIVELY without in-jury to the finest fabric. It is far ahead of washing powders or any other preparation. We will send you postpaid Sufficient for THREE WASHINGS FOR 10c Stamps or silver. WE WANT AGENTS in every town. Full time or spare moments. Send at once for our liberal terms. We have sold most of the 2% gross of Tablets and am afraid we shall be out of them before we can get another lot at the rate they have gone the past few days. puite a number who have had one bar before have liked it so well that they have taken a dollar's worth this week. Enclosed find Postal Order for another 2% gross. We have sixty or more regular customers here and I have not had time to do much with the Tablets either. Mrs. C. W. P., Lewiston, Maine. Address . ALFRED MALLETT, NYACK, - - - - N. Y. 