CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR AND REFORM 445 tenance their movement, but left the whole company and went away to the mountain alone. When at another time the personage whose " seat " was at the capital of the empire, who really reigned on the Capi-toline Hill, and who at the same time reigned in fearful unrighteousness, vol-untarily offered to bestow upon Christ the power over his whole empire, over all the kingdoms, according to much the same arrangement as it is now proposed to have Him reign on " Capitol Hill," He unhesitatingly refused the offer. There was tyranny of capital. And when one who was thus oppressed came to Jesus asking Him to direct an equitable division of the capital, He refused to in-terfere, saying : " Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you? Take heed and beware of covetousness; for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of things which he possesseth." The social evil was sadly prevalent. Some Pharisees, employing the Pharisaic methodŠa method that has been em-ployed with some notoriety in these days Što suppress it, brought to Him a guilty one, " taken in the very act," and de-manded what He had to say as to stoning her to death. He answered, " He that is without sin among you, let him cast the first stone at her." " Being convicted by their own conscience, they went out one by one " till all were gone and the crimi-nal was left alone with Jesus. Then Jesus said to her, " Woman, bath no man condemned thee? She said, ' No man, Lord.' And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee; go, and sin no more.' " Now in none of this did Jesus for a moment convey the impression to the guilty one, nor to her accusers, nor to anybody else, that He either justified or excused what she had done. What she had done was wrong. It was a serious criminal offense. None knew this to its depths better than He. And knowing  this, at the same time He showed to the Pharisaical accusers then and now and for all time that their way of dealing with such people is not the Christian way. Again, when His disciples decided that, because they were His disciples, they were just so much better qualified than all others to hold the offices and exercise authority in the kingdom which they de-sired to have Him establish then upon the earth, He said to them : " Ye know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles, exercise authority upon them. BUT SO SHALL IT NOT BE AMONG YOU ; but whosoever will be great among you, shall be your minister, and whosoever of you will be the chiefest shall be servant of all. Even as the Son of Man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give His life a ransom for many." " I am among you as he that serveth." So it was in all the life of Christ on earth. At a time when there were greater evils in government and in society than had ever been, He never did himself, nor ever hinted that His disciples should, at-tempt to reform government or society by any kind of political working. He ever in word and act kept himself far aloof from any suggestion of anything of the kind; and so did His disciples in the infancy and purity of the Gospel as He left it upon earth to be preached by them. Yet on the other hand He freely em-ployed, and poured out to employ His dis-ciples, " All power in heaven and in earth " to the individual to cleanse the heart from all sin and purify the life from all evil, in " every one that believeth," from the leper in the fields to the king in his royal robes, from the slave in his stable and the prisoner in the dungeon to the emperor at the pinnacle of human greatness. This was Christ and His Christianity then ; and this alone is Christ and His Christianity now and forevermore. Such 