620 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY an attendance from 90 to 95 per cent. Jewish, where, according to his allegation, the principal " has persisted for years in reading from the New Testament at the morning exercises." This practise of " dealing out Christianity to Jewish children " he resents as a violation of the constitutional rights of conscience, on the ground that it is using the schools for religious purposes which conflict with the faith and conviction of a large part of the people. It seems to him, and not unreasonably, that "there is too much discretion in the hands of the principals," under the section of the Charter we have mentioned. It will be seen, therefore, that the question of Bible reading in the schools has taken on a new phase, and more particularly in New York, now the seat of the greatest Jewish community in the world. This Jewish population, too, is growing so rapidly by immigration and by an especially large natural increase that it is likely to be one million at the end of the present decade. Moreover, the Jews of New York are distinguished by their interest in the public schools, the cleverest pupils of which are fre-quently if not usually of Jewish birth. Until recently we have heard little from them on the subject of Bible reading as a school exercise, but it looks now as if, with their great in-crease in numbers and influence, they would be likely to insist on making their influence felt in deciding this question. They have become a part of the population so great that they are of a political importance which they are not slow to appreciate at its full value and to use for the benefit of their race and religion. Ac-cordingly, the Jews have demanded and se-cured the arrangement of examinations and of school sessions so that these shall not inter-fere with the religious duties of the Jewish pupils. The need of religious training for the young generation is now engaging special attention among the Jews. We made a quotation the other day from a paper by a Jew of the ortho-dox school, the school in which are the great majority of the Jews who have come to this country from eastern Europe during the last twenty yearsŠthe Jews who inhabit the East Side Ghetto, the most numerous community of that race in the world. This Jew laments that the American Jews, even those of the strictest orthodox inheritance, are falling away from Judaism as a religion. Another Jew writes to us confirming his observation of that tendency, but glorying in it. Both these writers seem to look on the education the chil- dren are receiving as responsible for this " new-Jewish thought." The first finds a " great danger " " in the complete secularizing of the-education of Jewish children." Even where there is a " homoeopathic dose of religion," however sufficient it may be for the non-Jew-ish child," it is not enough for "the Jewish boy or girl, who needs Jewish knowledge, if not faith," else the " sapping of Jewish strength " will go on. " The task of the re-ligionists must be to capture the younger gen-eration," he declares; and the same sentiment influences Christians who are demanding re-ligious teaching in the public schools, on the theory that the school should be primarily a training ground, a nursery, for the church. We are glad to observe, however, that this orthodox Jew does not make any demand for the introduction of Judaism into the public schools and does not find fault with them because it is not there. He calls on the ortho-dox Jews themselves to provide the religious teaching. . . . The Jews, instead of look-ing askance at the public schools because they are assisting so powerfully in bringing about this " gradual decay," are eager to have their children enjoy the advantages of the public school education, in the primary and grammar schools, and in the colleges. The Roman Catholic Church, which looks on religious training of the young as a primary religious obligation, is staggering under a tre-mendous burden of expense in order to main-tain its parochial schools, and among Protes-tants there has always been a demand that the Bible should be read in the public schools. But nobody has been able to solve the problem of a scheme of public religious instruction which shall be equitable and consistent with our prin-ciple of government. Even if the Jews are not now the most numerous of all the races here, they soon will be. The Roman Catholic population is at least a third of the whole. If we are guided at all by the church attendance as indicative of religious belief, the majority of the people of New York are infidels or in-different to religion. Actually, too, the public schools, without the religious instruction de-manded, are crowded and therefore are satis-factory to parents, apparently. So great is the steady increase in the demand for school accommodations that the city is taxed to the utmost to meet it, though the parochial schools of the Roman Catholic Church are numerous. Moreover, the denial by one of our corre-spondents that the children coming from the schools are showing a practical moral declen- 