772 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY their attention fixed upon other phases of the matter. That thing is the fact that we have statedŠthe fact that in the United States the Jew has not full religious free-dom, but is compelled by law (of course this is on the supposition that the law is enforced) to observe a religious institu-tion in which he has no faith, and is made to suffer no inconsiderable hardship in consequence. One of the unwitting testimonies from prominent sources to the truth of what we have stated is the following from an editorial that appeared in the Atlanta (Ga.) Constitution about the time the Conference of American Rabbis was in session in New Orleans in July : Construing the Decalogue strictly, the sev-enth day of the week is the only day which the Jews are authorized under the Old Testa-ment Scriptures to observe as the Sabbath, but on account of the action of the Christian na-tions of the globe in adopting the first day of the week as the Sabbath by authority of the New Testament Scriptures, the Jews are com-pelled by reason of this fact to desist from secular employment of all kinds on the first day of the week, and being compelled by statu-tory enactments to observe the Christian Sab-bath, they have consequently grown lax and indifferent in regard to the observance of the Jewish Sabbath. They reject the New Testa-ment Scriptures, which enjoin the observance of the Christian Sabbath, but unfortunately they are the victims of conditions against which they are powerless. Of course religious services are held in the synagogues on the seventh day, and the rabbis insist with great earnestness upon the observance of the Jewish Sabbath, but the great mass of the Hebrew population, feeling it an imposition to observe the Jewish Sabbath and the Christian Sabbath both, continue to transact business in the marts of trade on the seventh day of the week, the same as on other days, and for the reason that the seventh day is an exceedingly busy day in the world of commerce there are comparatively few Jews who are willing to sacrifice the seventh day when they are compelled to sacri-fice the first day also. [Italics supplied.] The Constitution concluded with the  statement that "numerous signs in the sky induce weather prophets to believe that conditions are such that the Jews will eventually find it to be the part of wis-dom to adopt the Christian Sabbath and chime in with the balance of the world in yielding obedience to the command of Holy Writ, 'Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy.' " Though reference is made to "the Christian nations of the globe," the above is, of course, a setting forth of the con-dition that obtains in the United States. And it is true to the facts, and none the less valuable as testimony from the fact that it was evidently given with practi-cally no realization of its deeper meaning. Although we have emphasized some of the points in the quotation, it is worth while to take a good look at them again. Here is the situation : i. The Jew is required by the Deca-logue and the book which is to him the book of divine guidance and of authority in religion, to observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath. Such observ-ance is therefore with him a religious duty of the first importance. 2. He is "compelled by statutory enact-ment"Šby the power and authority of the stateŠ"to observe the Christian Sab-bath"Š"to desist from secular employ-ment of all kinds on the first day of the week." 3. He is thus compelled to choose be-tween violating the Decalogue, between violating his conscience and forsaking one of the most important institutions of his religion, and the hardship, very prop-erly termed an "imposition," of observ-ing two days each week, of sacrificing, and again a very proper term is used, one-sixth of the time that he has for secular business. 4. He and his fellow-religionists are thus "the victims of conditions against which they are powerless," and the result 