EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 551  by many among us is not a blessing." He thought " the benefits of a well-kept Sunday would be many and great," but that they " would not be worth the battle it would take to win them by process of law." It is gratifying to note that some of the clergy are beginning to see that even if there is benefit and blessing in Sunday observance, it cannot be secured by legislation. The law cannot prevent the day from being a curse if the people themselves do not choose to make it a blessing. The observance of Sunday or any other day in order to be a blessing must be done in obedience to the moral convictions of the observer. They who seek to promote Sunday observance upon any other basis, no matter how much of " law and order " there may be in it, are injuring and not benefiting society. According to the Akron (Ohio) Demo-crat " official recognition of Sunday as a day of rest has been given by the great Pennsylvania Railroad system on all its lines west of Pittsburg." The " recogni-tion " consists in " closing offices, stop-ping trains, laying up switch engines and giving employees a day of rest on Sunday so far as possible." " Of course when freight becomes heavy and congestion re-sults the old plan will have to be resorted to," but " Sunday will continue to be a day bf rest so long as possible." Every-body should have the same liberty in this matter that the railroads haveŠthe lib-erty to observe the day when they want to and not to observe it when they do not want to. The Two Harbors (Minn.) Journal re-ports that in that place " both ministers and saloonmen are opposed to Sunday baseball; the former because it keeps the people out of church, and the latter be-cause it keeps the people out of the sa-loons." It thinks this union upon a com-mon object of clergymen and saloonmen  indicates that " the millennium is about to dawn." It illustrates the fact that the evil cause of Sunday enforcement can en-list and unite in its behalf very diverse in-terests. The prevention of Sunday ball playing may increase church attendance and the patronage of saloons, but it will not bring the millennium any nearer. According to the Michigan Sunday law any public assemblage in that State on Sunday that is not " a meeting for re-ligious worship or moral instruction," or an assemblage in the evening to hear "sa-cred music," is an unlawful assemblage, and it is the duty of sheriffs (according to Justice Grant in Scougale vs. Sweet), with regard to all assemblies not of the character described " to suppress them as unlawful assemblies and to arrest the of-fenders," i. c., those participating in them. The Methodist and Presbyterian minis-terial associations of Columbus, Ohio, " took vigorous action against Sabbath desecration " recently " by adopting a set of resolutions " protesting against "seven-day labor," and " the desecration of the day by baseball, open casino, and pleas-ure excursions." The Central Passenger Association was asked " to aid in the res-cue and preservation of the true character of the day by discontinuing the cheap Sunday excursions." According to the treasurer's report the Ontario " Lord's Day " Alliance received moneys last year to the amount of $3,-910.25, which was disbursed as follows : Legal and legislative expenses, $36o; sal-ary of stenographer, office and travelling expenses, $758.95 ; postage, $180.03. The " human necessity " of a day of rest is not of sufficient importance to warrant the sacrifice in its behalf of the human necessity of individual freedom. 