EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 779 Ł Ł Francisco." However, the Inter-Ocean thinks "it is advisable that every nrin should rest on some day, not only for his own benefit, but for the general well-being of society and the state," and that "one day in seven is practi-cally the necessary amount of ,rest needed by the average of humanity." In this connection it says : In this case, as in many others, mod-ern science and the verdict of modern commercial experience confirm the wisdom of the day of rest decreed by the legislation attributed to Moses. Take what view of the inspiration of the Bible one may, in this as in all the rest of its practical rules of general ap-plication, all experience and all scien-tific investigation prove its authors to have been absolutely right. If they were absolutely right in this matter of a weekly day of rest, then those who advance the "one-day-in-seven" idea cannot be right, for "the day of rest decreed by the legislation attributed to Moses" was not "one day in seven," but "the seventh day." It was not any day of the week, but a cer-tain, particular day of the week. "Are we all degenerating to that extent which requires our health, our morals, and our actions to be subject to the guidance of persons who happen to be in authority? are the great mass of the people such helpless creatures that they cannot manage their own affairs and must needs be looked after by the authorities ?'.' asks the Washington Post with regard to certain regulations that exist and that are being proposed in Washington. The Post says nothing of the regulation now pending in Con-gress to "further protect the first day of the week as a day of rest in the District of Columbia," but with regard to none can such inquiries be more per-tinent. In no respect is "the tendency in this country at the present time to- ward paternalism in its most extreme development," which the Post repro-bates, more conspicuous than in the growing demand for legal regulation and enforcement of "a day of rest," as if individuals themselves are not competent to look after the matter of their physical rest, and "must needs be looked after by the authorities." The Post well says that "if this move-ment is not checked it will lead to a most indifferent citizenship and a most complete abandonment of all those forceful characteristics which make the American people prominent among the nations." If Sunday laws are civil regulations why do so many of them contain ex-emptions for those who religiously and conscientiously keep another day as the Sabbath? The fact that they do this is conclusive evidence of their religious character. Another thing : if Sunday rest is a legitimate civil requirement, a duty to society, what right has the law to exempt any from it even on grounds of religion? The fact that the law does exempt some on grounds of religion from the requirement of Sunday rest proves that the law does not hold Sun-day rest to be a duty to society, for the law does not allow the performance of duties to society *hick it undertakes to enforce to be interfered with by people's religious convictions. "The claim that all men must be compelled to remain idle on Sunday in order that those who desire may have the day for rest and worship is as faulty in logic as it is false in fact. It is unnecessary, illogical and un-Christian for the civil law to force all men into idleness on Sunday because some men desire to devote that day to rest and worship." 