SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 461 caused by this strict enforcement for sev-eral Sundays no doubt contributed much toward the passage of the bill by the leg-islature permitting the sale of ice-cream, soda-water, etc., on Sunday. As a result of complaints by the "Sab-bath" Society several ball games were stopped and a number of persons ar-rested for taking part in the same on Sunday, April 27, in the Westchester dis-trict of Greater New York. One of the games stopped was that being played by the boys of the "Catholic Protectory" on the grounds of the institution. It has been the custom at this place for years to have a ball game every Sunday afternoon, such diversion being considered good for the boys by "Brother" Leontine, of the "Christian Brothers," who is in charge of the institution. Boxes are kept at the gates where spectators can contribute whatever money they are disposed to give. Those in charge of the institution protested strongly against the interfer-ence with the Sunday playing, holding that they had a right to have the games or not as they chose on their own prem-ises. On the following Sunday, May 5, another game was played in order to make a test case of the matter, and when the boys who had been arrested were ar-raigned in the police court the next morn-ing Magistrate Meade upheld the con-tention of the institution and discharged the boys, holding that as "they were playing on the private grounds of a pri-vate institution they should have been left alone." Ł The anticipated opening of the base-ball season at Battle Creek, Mich., on May 4, by a game between the Grand Rapids and local teams, was prevented by the action of five personsŠa lumber-man, a teamster, a painter, a shoemaker and a carpenterŠwho, following "the  precedent set by the supreme court in the case of a preacher who stopped Sunday ball in Owosso by serving notice on the sheriff that he must stop the games or be held responsible," notified the sheriff that he must, under the statute in which "any public diversion, show, entertain-ment, game or play" is prohibited on the first day of the week, prevent the play-ing of the game. Although it is said he did not personally favor the crusade, the sheriff notified the ball players that the game could not be played. But it seems that some members of the local team dis-regarded the order and were arrested. A dispatch states that "Battle Creek is dis-tinctively a workingman's town, and few have leisure to attend week-day games," and that during previous sea-sons Sunday playing has proceeded with-out molestation. The ball people threat-en that if this Sunday enforcement against them continues, they will stop the food and other factories which are run on Sunday in Battle Creek. They antici-pate that this step would put an end to the Sunday enforcement movement. Three grocerymen of Lynn, Mass., were recently arraigned in the police court of that city on the charge of "sell-ing goods on the Lord's day." The evi-dence presented was of such an unsatis-factory character that the magistrate dis-charged the defendants. The Grocers' Association had complained to City Mar-shal Burckes that small grocers about town were keeping open on Sunday, and he resolved to stop the practise. "To that end he detailed one of his special officers in plain clothes to go among them and make such purchases as he could, the evidence thus obtained to be used in court. Special Officer House was se-lected as the plain-clothes man, and as a result of his work warrants were sworn out against John Egan, Jacob Robin- 