612 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY settled in America " as it is demanding that it shall be settled. We did not mean to imply by what was said last week as to the growing menace to the principle and ractise of separation of church and state as regards public instruction that that principle is fully adhered to in the public schools, for such is not and has never been the case. In the main the principle has been carried into practise, but not entirely. From the beginning it seems that Bible reading and other religious exercises have been common, and such seems to be the zase still. But of course this has not been required by the state; it has simply been permitted. But though teachers and school boards may have at their discretion disregarded it to some extent, the prin-ciple of separation of church and state has always been law for the schools as much as for the legislatures and courts. So it is true that this question of religion in the schools is a live one to-day not only because of a reaction against the practise of the principle in the schools, but also because of action being taken to have it carried fully into practise.. Not only is there a demand that religious instruction shall be legally established as a part of the system of public instruction, but also there are strong objections being entered here and there to the religious features which prevail in spite of the principle of separa-tion of church and state. It is demanded that this principle be adhered to and such features discontinued. This very proper demand arouses intense opposition in some quarters, and though it is not the most important phase of the matter, this has much to do with making the question of religion in the schools a live one at pres-ent. That the custom of Bible reading in the schools, which as a religious exer-cise is certainly out of harmony with the principle of separation of church and state,  is to-day pretty well entrenched in this country would appear from these facts vouched for by Rev. R. C. Wylie, secre-tary of the " National Reform " Associa-tion : There are nine States in which the reading of the Bible in schools rests securely on a legal basis, plainly written either in the State constitution or in the school law; twelve States in which, while there is no specific mention of the Bible in the constitution or law, there are decisions of courts and State school superintendents of an authoritative character which give to the custom of Bible reading quite a secure legal status; sixteen States and a Territory in which there are none of the legal safeguards mentioned above, but in which the custom of reading the Bible prevails, sup-ported by long-established usage and public sentiment ; three States and a Territory in which the Bible is not read, although there are no legal provisions for or against the cus-tom; and five States and a Territory in which the decisions of courts, attorneys-general, and school superintendents are adverse to the read-ing of the Bible. As stated last week Catholic speakers and writers, in further-ance of the aim of that church to over-throw the practise and principle of sep-aration of church and state in the pub-lic educational system, are on every pos-sible occasion decrying the system as now constituted and advocating such a change in it as will make it include definite re-ligious instruction. It will be pertinent to give a few recent utterances of this sort, though we shall be obliged to omit comment that we should like to make. Although expressions just like it are con-stantly being made by Catholic ecclesi-astics, an utterance recently made in New York by Bishop McFaul has stirred up some comment and criticism, as is not usually the case. It was made at St. Patrick's Cathedral at one of those fre-quent Catholic demonstrations which are so fully and prominently described in the press. The occasion was " the con-secration of the Rev. Charles H. Colton The Schools not yet Completely Secular Some Expressions from Catholic Sources 