.234 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY that the clause of the United States Con-stitution that requires the absolute sepa-ration of church and state, does not ap-_ply in the Orient. And, since the Con-stitution does not apply there, it is perfect-ly proper that the previous order of things shall continue; that the church shall con-trol education and the state shall support the church in this; that there shall be there the union of church and state. And the chief mischief in this argument is that legally it is unquestionable sound. For has not the Supreme Court of the United States itself decided that the Con-stitution does not apply in the Phillipines, nor in any of the insular possessions of the United States ? that it was framed to meet conditions only within the limits of the United States ? Therefore as the le-gal basis of her claim that the Constitu-tion does not apply in the Orient, the Pa-pacy has the official decision of the su-preme authority on the subject. And plainly, since the Constitution does not apply there, it cannot legally be urged that the separation of church and state required by the Constitution shall be de-manded there; especially in the face of the unbroken precedent and vested right of three hundred years. So the Papacy entrenches herself, and how can she le-gally be dislodged ? And against her being dislodged from her position of union of church and state, and her control of education, in the Phil- ippines, she carries her defense into the United States itself, and up to the capital and head of the nation, as represented in this argument presented by Archbishop Elder to the President of the United States. And this argument of Arch-bishop Elder is backed up by the Catholic  paper Š Church Progress, of St. Louis Š in which it was published by the fol-lowing suggestive, not to say threatening, paragraph : While our government has been far from doing the right thing by way of recognizing American Catholics in the Philippines, we believe justice will eventually prevail. For this, the demand of fifteen millions of Amer-ican Catholics is somewhat of a guarantee. It is one which no administration DARE IGNORE. And that she does not intend to allow herself to be dislodged practically, any more than legally, is plain from the fact that hardly had returned to the United . States that Catholic attorney who formed half of the papal portion of that two-thirds papal commission from the govern-ment of the United States to the Vatican, before he was appointed by the President a " member of the Philippine Commission and Secretary of Public Instruction in the government of the Philippine islands," which appointment was duly confirmed by the Senate. Directly and plainly that puts the Papacy in actual control of pub-lic instruction in the Philippines. And this in direct and plain furtherance of her purpose to maintain there the complete papal system of absolute union of church and state, because the Constitution which requires the absolute separation of church and state does not apply in the Orient ! In view of these facts which are indis-putably laden with meaning, can any one deny that the Papacy is already making good her promise that " what the Church has done for other nations in the past she will now do for the United States " ? Other nations in the past she made to be mere stepping-stones in her dark purposes and her vast ambitions ; and what else is she now doing with the United States ? It is not alone in the Philippines that the Papacy is seeking to have the prin-ciple of separation of church and state violated by state support of religious teaching Š yes, by state support of  Roman Catholic religious teaching. She is patiently,_ persistently and determined-ly prosecuting a campaign for the same thing in the United States proper. Of course if she can secure this in the Phil- 