38o THE SENTINEL OF On April 9 the New York Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church adopted a report "denouncing Sunday newspapers, Sunday excursions, and Sunday saloons, and recommending co-veration with the American Sabbath Union and other organizations for the proper observance of the American Sab-bath." The Sioux Falls (S. Dak.) Leader reports that it has been learned through Mr. D. M. Walker, excursion agent of the Milwaukee Railroad, that "Sioux Falls will get no Sunday excursions the coming summer." He announced that this was. due to a protest filed with the railroad officials by the Ministerial Asso-ciation of the city. On March 28 a hearing was held by a committe of the Massachusetts legisla-ture on the bill "to allow the retail sale of ice-cream, soda water and confection-ery on Sunday." Ex-City Solicitor Mc-Kechnie, of Springfield, and several others strongly urged the passage of the bill. In opposition oppeared Rev. Mar-tin D. Kneeland, of the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Protective League, who "argued at length against any fur-ther encroachment on the present Sun-day laws." Four young men were arrested for playing ball at Ambrose Park in Brook-lyn on April 6, but were discharged by the police magistrate, who thought that notwithstanding the law men who work all week should not be punished for en-gaging in such recreation on Sunday. On the same day a game of ball in progress at the grounds at Ridgewood and Rail-road avenues was stopped by a detach-ment of police. According to report a general order stopping Sunday baseball  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY had been issued at the Liberty Avenue police station. It is reported from Fort Dodge, Iowa, that "organized opposition to Sunday baseball is developing in this city." On Sunday, April 6, resolutions endorsing the Nagle anti-Sunday baseball bill, and demanding its passage by the legislature, were adopted at the Presbyterian and Baptist churches. A meeting of the min-isters of the city was held to consider the matter a few days later, and a telegram was sent to the senator representing the district, urging him to do all he could to secure the immediate passage of the bill in the upper house. At the recent annual meeting of the Christian Endeavor societies of Spring-field, Mass., a petition was adopted and directed to the committee of the State legislature having in charge the bill for permitting the sale of ice-cream, soda and confectionery on Sunday, protesting against the passage of the measure. It was objected to on these grounds : First, it is unnecessary legislation; second, it is special legislation; third, if it becomes a law it will open the doors to a large amount of Sunday trade and business; fourth, it will require an increased amount of Sunday work upon the part of dealers and their clerks; fifth, it will prepare the way for future efforts to break down the Lord's day laws, thus secular-izing the Sabbath and demoralizing the com-monwealth." Ł The Stratford (Ont.) Beacon, of April 3, contained this interesting item, which shows that the "Sabbath" is well pro-tected in that part of Edward VII.'s do-minions : For working on the Sabbath the proprietor:  of the Bruce Herald, Walkerton, Ont., and his foreman have been fined one dollar and costs by the police magistrate. The proprietor ex-plains they were pressed by work, and inad-vertently continued working after twelve 