EDITORIAL 781 year. The narrowness and bigotry of all this is perfectly apparent to most people in this country, and yet many to whom it is apparent frequently exhibit an attitude that is the same in one important respect. If it is proper to demand that the civil au-thorities shall "protect" the "Sabbath" and prevent its "desecration," then as-suredly it is proper to demand that they shall refuse to confer any honors upon freethinkers and unbelievers, and the spirit which demands the one is in no es-sential respect different from the spirit that demands the other. The principle of action is the same in both cases, resting upon the assumption that the state must render special favor and protection to "the church." The reply which the mayor of this Brittany town gave to the cure is the sort of a reply that it would be very proper for mayors and other civil of-ficials throughout the United States to make to clergymen and church people who are constantly appealing to them for Sunday enforcement. Ł The grewsome list of great crimes committed in New York City promises to be a long one for the year 1902. Recent-ly four of these crimes that followed one another in close succession were not only murders, but were marked by circum-stances which gave to them such an atro-cious character that they tend to give to mere murder the aspect of a minor crime. Naturally such things are causing some comment. Harper's Weekly attempts to argue that the very fact that the papers report so conspicuously so many crimes and are able to make such sensations of the greater ones, is evidence that crime is exceedingly unusual and abnormal in so-ciety. It argues that if crime were com-mon it would not be reported and could not be made a matter of sensation in the newspapers, but that the very fact that the great body of the people read of these  crimes with avidity and are greatly shocked by them, is evidence that in-stead of being representative of what so-ciety really is they are representative of what it is the farthest from being. This is a shrewd argument, but it is neither adequate nor satisfactory. A popular writer finds that the cause of the four crimes mentioned was -very primitive," and thinks that "Manhattan is assisting at a relapse of nature." He says that the "beast" which "sprang' in "primitive man" has been "quelled" by "civilized man," but that nevertheless "the beast is here still ; he is in us all, but so tame that the majority of us forget that he is about, and it takes a few murders like these to remind us of it." The persons who committed these crimes were moved by "the most primitive of human emo-tions" and "lapsed into the animal state." And so, "though primitive times have gone, primitive man remains." This last is a very wise statement, if meant in the true sense, and leaves no place for the nonsensical idea that "primitive man" and "civilized man" are two utterly dif-ferent beings. Primitive man, that is man as he was in the earliest times of which there exists historical knowledge, does most certainly remain, and he remains in every man, not alone in those who coin: mit terrible crimes. He remains with as much "beast" in him as he ever had, and perhaps a little more. Man has the same nature, impulses, emotions, desires, aspi-rations, and possibilities to-day that he has ever had. If he chooses he can be-come as much of a "beast" to-day as ever any of his ancestors were; and if he chooses he can become as much of a man as any of them were, but not one whit more than many of them were. It should not require the lesson taught by these frequent and terrible crimes to convince men that man is to-day essentially what he was at the dawn of human history. 