190 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tives in the German colonies of Africa. A man from Hamburg had impaled ne-groes upon ramrods; another from Co-logne had poured kerosene upon ne-groes' hands and set them on fire; and a third from Bremen had gouged out the eyes of natives with a whip handle fashioned for the purpose. The New York Tribune, in commenting on these atrocities by the citizens of a so-called Christian nation, says that the German government is in no sense responsible for them, and adds : These atrocities are the acts of individuals acting upon their own responsibility and giving rein to their own evil passions. Their chief significance is their indication of the common danger that power will lapse into tyranny when exercised for a long time over helpless inferiors and in a place secluded or remote from the restraining force of public opinion. For these examples in the Came-roons are by no means unique. There have been like cases elsewhere in the colonies of other lands, and not only in colonies but in penal and other institutions in civilized coun-tries. There seems to be a latent trace of savagery in the average man, and it is often apt to become patent when the.man is invest-ed with autocratic power in some barbarous land remote from observation or behind the screening walls of a prison or asylum. Not every man, of course, yields to such tempta-tion, nor the majority of men. But the temptation is seldom absent, and it is to be :averted only by the incorruptible character of the man himself, or by such restriction of his tenure and such scrutiny of his adminis-tration as will not permit him to drift beyond the limits of conscious amenability to the laws of civilized society and of common hu-manity. These are wise words and it is because these things are so that the administra-tors of government should abide by the Constitution and the laws that have been framed for their guidance, never mind how humane and benevolent their inten-tions may be. And because these things are so, too, it is not the business, the  right, nor the duty of "Christian" na-tions or any others to dominate "infe-rior" peoples, and, in places "secluded or remote from the restraining force of pub-lic opinion," place over them men "in-vested with autocratic power." The number of suicides in the United States each year is steadily increasing. From 2,040 in 1890 the number has gradually arisen each year until it reached 7,240 in 1901. Nearly 6,000 of those who took their own lives last year were men. Among the professional men, physicians head the list, followed closely by attorneys, clergymen, bankers, and journalists. Poison, shooting, hanging and drowning were the methods of sui-cide chiefly employed; fifty-six threw themselves in front of locomotives, and six starved themselves to death. The cause given for the great majority of these cases of self-destruction is de-spondency. What misery, what hope-lessness, what conflicts and agony of mind is covered, but not revealed, by this term despondency, and is but faintly suggested by these statistics of suicide! The Atlanta Constitution well says : "In the face of this apalling rec-ord it is evident that there is something radically wrong with the conditions of life which prevail in this country." This is certainly true, but it does not indicate that there is something so radically wrong with the outward conditions of life, as with the inward conditions. It is not so much the outward hardships and struggles of life that drive people to sui-cide, as those inward struggles and con-flicts of mind which arise from the in-dividual's own conduct, and that are vir-tually independent of the acts of others. These suicides are indications not of economical or social wrongs, but of moral wrong. When the wrongs are 