418 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The New York Sun sees a marked movement in the leading evangelical de-nominations toward Episcopalian forms of worship, shown in many instances by the flocking of the members of these de-nominations to Episcopal churches and services. The Sun pronounces this "one of the most suggestive of the religious phenomena of this time." It is sugges-tive, and, without intending any reflection whatever upon the Episcopal Church, we must conclude that it is not indicative of the growth of true religion. This ten-dency does not spring from deep moral conviction and devotion to religious prin-ciple, but rather from that craving for external religion in which the form of godliness is substituted for the power and substance. Ł By a vote of twenty-five to two the Presbyterian ministers of Rochester, N. Y., at a recent Monday morning meeting, "placed themselves on record as being opposed to Sunday opening of saloons." It is to be hoped, although it would not be inferred from the above action, that they are also opposed to the Monday, the Wednesday or the Saturday opening of saloons. When ministers begin to place themselves on record concerning the sa-loon in a manner that does not suggest so strongly that they are opposed to it only on Sunday and, therefore, practi-cally in favor of it the rest of the time, their action will bear more of the impress of genuine opposition to the liquor traffic and less of the impress of a zeal for en-forced religion. Ł The general who it is supposed will succeed General Miles as the head of the United States army, in an address in this city a few weeks ago in which he un-dertook to defend the water torture and other inhuman practises by the soldiers in the Philippines, declared that he could not "understand, being a military man,  why the American people will not stand for military government in the Phil-ippines." The' general who a few months ago in the Philippines declared that the Declaration of Independence was "a incendiary document," doubtless has difficulty in understanding the same thing. And probably both of them are at just as much of a loss to comprehend "why the American people will not stand for military government" in the United States. Ł The Brooklyn Eagle recently made a canvass of 5,000 Brooklyn voters on the question of Sunday saloons. One thou-sand declined to express any decided opinion. Of those who voted 63 per cent. favored partial opening on Sunday, 24 per cent. favored opening all day, and 13 per cent. were in favor of absolute clos-ing. This is, no doubt, fairly representa-tive of the opinion of metropolitan voters, and would indicate that warfare against the Sunday saloon, or the saloon on any other day, which relies upon legislation for the accomplishment of reforms in this direction, rests upon a very shaky foun-dation. The liquor traffic, both on Sun-days and other days, will flourish as widely as ever so long as those who are battling against it give more attention to the enactment of laws than they do to the training, molding, and reformation of in-dividuals. THE SENTINEL regrets very much to note the death of Dr. Julius Wise, for many years editor of the Chicago Israel-ite, which occurred in Chicago on April 19. For almost two years the editorial rooms of THE SENTINEL were on the same floor and adjoined those of the Is-raelite, and on many occasions it was the pleasure of THE 'SENTINEL staff to re-ceive visits from "Nickerdown," as he was known to the readers of the interes-ting "Note and Comment" department of 