8 a o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY was "the slogan in all sections of the city." Proprietors of stores which were kept open found the streets in front of their places of business blockedŁ by groups of trade unionists. These men bore banners and transparencies which were not calculated to soothe the feel-ings of the storekeepers, and in some instances vented their opposition to the violators of the Sabbath in a most violent fashion. One store at North Ashland and Chicago avenues was in-vaded by the marchers, who intimidated the proprietor and compelled him to close his es-tablishment. In other instances the clerks and their sympathizers prevented customers from entering the stores, and by threatening to boy-cott the stores forced the proprietors to agree to close on Sunday. "Marching two abreast and with green cards in their hatbands," union barbers visited barber shops that _were open, and in a number of instances, after "excited conference," "the proprietor declared in favor of Sunday closing and signed an application for membership in the union." "The barbers gave most of their atten-tion to the ghetto district," and "per-suaded many Jewish barbers to observe Sunday." Police protection was called for at some places. In the stock-yards district the Packing Trades Council, com-prising the employees of the various packing houses, "had 40o pickets out." Of the Boo stores in the vicinity of the yards only eighteen were open. Members of the Packing Trades Council and other unions gath-ered in the vicinity of these establishments. Bands of music were employed to attract at-tention to the transparencies carried by the clerks, and the clerks hooted and jeered when the proprietors made their appearance. The result of the day's campaign was that all of the eighteen storekeepers promised to close their places on next Sunday. "The same tactics that proved so suc-cessful in the stock-yards district were adopted by the North and West Side clerks." The butchers' and grocers' as-sociation sent out committees into three  different sections of the city to induce merchants who were keeping open to sign an agreement to close. In the only district for which a report was given "eighty-three firms agreed to close on Sundays," and "seventeen firms which refused to sign the agreement to close their places of business on Sundays were placed on the 'blue list.' " And it was announced that "union pickets will en-deavor to compel the proprietors to cease business on Sunday." On the following Sunday "50o pickets were out in the stock-yards district," but they found few places open. In the downtown district "the clerks reported that feweE stores were open than for many months." The storm-center was on the North Side, where, with "waving banners and blowing horns, zoo mem-bers of the North Side Retail Clerks' As-sociation paraded the streets in an en-deavor to induce the storekeepers to close their places of business on Sunday. In most cases the proprietors, fearing vio-lence, closed, but obdurate storekeepers were threatened, and calls were sent for the police." At one place a man stood on a box and harangued a crowd "to force Fox [the proprietor of an open store) to close." "His words were greeted with cheers, and then a rush was made for the store." Happily the police were at hand and the crowd was driven back. "Pickets were stationed at points on all the principal streets before the clerks started out. These men reported to the leaders what stores were open, and as quickly as the name of each proprietor was received his place was visited." Before the next Sunday came around "the teamsters' union, whose action has determined tl3e success or failure of nearly every strike in Chicago since it was formed, entered the Sunday-closing movement." And it was announced at the same time that "the Milk Drivers' 