446 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY were the principles maintained, the meth-ods and the power employed, by the Lord Jesus when He, the true Christian and the true reformer, was at work on earth for the world ; and such alone are the prin- ciples that can be maintained, the meth-ods and the power employed, by true Christians and true reformers unto the world's end. ALONZO T. JONES. The Gospel demands no duty which can be performed without faith in the Son of God. " Whatsoever is not of faith is sin." But to compel men destitute of faith to observe any Christian institution, such as the Lord's day, is commanding duty to be performed without faith in God. Therefore, to command unbelievers, or natural men, to observe in any sense the Lord's day, is anti-evangelical or con-trary to the Gospel.Š" Memoirs of Alex-ander Campbell," by Robert Richardson, p. 528. With no power except the " irresistible might of weakness " ; with no wealth ex-cept the riches of glory inherited through her heavenly citizenship ; refusing all compromise with the world, declining all patronage of kings and emperors, she [the early church] nevertheless went forth conquering and to conquer, till in a few years she had undermined the whole colossal fabric of paganism. And might not the church of Christ do the same to-day if she were to return to this primitive ideal ? and if, renouncing her dependence on human resources, she were to inscribe upon her banner that ancient motto : " Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord."ŠRev. A. J. Gordon, D.D. The way to reform the world is to make the men and women in it better men and women, so that you will not have to fence them ottt of this place or that by law, but so you can trust them around the corner in the dark. There never yet has been a legal device by which people could be forced to be any better than they wanted  to beŠnever in any department of life. The one thing that is necessary in order to carry on reforms, and keep people re-formed, is to make the individual men and women better men and women ; and there is no other way. The church is the one organization on the face of the earth, the distinct and definite aim of which is to make individual men and women bet-ter.ŠDr. Minot J. Savage. That the teachings of Jesus tended to the rectification of social wrongs there is no doubt. There is just as little doubt that this was not the primary object He had in view. A considerable class of teachers in our day hold the directly opposite opin-ion. He recognized sin and selfishness deeply entrenched in human nature as the source of all moral and social dis-orders, and He preached a gospel which, if accepted and lived, would destroy those foul springs of evil and cure the wrongs which spring from them. He laid the ax at the root of the tree instead of prun-ing among the branches. " First make the tree good." It was spiritual regen-eration of the individual at which he di-rectly aimed. This and nothing else would save society.ŠGeorge M. Steele, D.D. 0 The Gospel began its mission for the renovation of the world with the exhorta-tion, " Repent and be baptized every one of you." It did not direct its efforts to institutions, but to individuals. And so it must be now. So it will be if the Spirit is poured out. To talk about the revival of civic righteousness as the great need of the times is reversing the divine order; 