424 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY and essence they are not to be distin-guished from the argument of that single word "nigger," which we are informed is the common appellation for the Fili-pino by the American soldier. The atti-tude of mind behind the one is about the same as that behind the other. The inso-lent swagger of the soldier as he treats with contempt the dark-skinned people with whom he is in close contact is sim-ply the practical application of the intel-lectual and moral (or immoral) swagger of the orator or the publicist who preaches, the doctrine of Anglo-Saxon fitness and duty to rule "inferior" peoples. In connection with the Sunday closing agitation with regard to saloons the friends of Sunday enforcement have been publishing quite widely some utter-ances made by Mr. Roosevelt when he was police commissioner in New York. He is quoted as having said that "if the poor man has the right to break the law so as to get beer on Sunday he has the right to break the law so as to get it on any day," and that "the people who try to teach him that he has the right to break the law on one day to take beer are doing their best to prepare him for breaking the law some other day to take bread." This is quite concise, and cer-tainly it leaves no course open but strict enforcement of and obedience to statutes, regardless of their merits or the conse-quences. The difficulty is that the time is past when a statute needs no reason for its enforcement but the fact that it is on the statute books. People reason about things, and a statute that fails to appeal to the common sense and reason of men is bound to suffer from more or less laxity in its enforcement. It is rather difficult to get people to see that the purchasing of beer on Sunday is the same thing as the stealing  of bread on week days. There are not many people who can see this, and the people who try to teach the beer-drinker and to enforce upon him the doc-trine that the purchase of beer, which for six days in the week is treated as per-fectly legitimate, is on Sunday a crime equal to stealing simply because the stat-utes say so, are certainly doing their share toward instilling into his mind a contempt for "law." It is reported from Paris that "no little astonishment has been caused by the re-cent vote of the Chamber of Deputies to forbid work on Sundays." It is declared that "not only all work in shops, offices, mines, ship-loading and unloading, ex-pressage and freight is proscribed, but an amendment was actually introduced and passed forbidding any cooking to be done on Sunday." What is declared to be the strangest part of the whole thing is "the catering to the lower classes" in that "in-spectors and managers of manufactories must remain on duty to see that no em-ployee, through excess of zeal, violates the law by coming back to finish a job Ł left undone the day previous." And, it is added, "a hotel keeper could be prose-cuted if the scullions endeavored on Sun-day morning to clean the pots and dishes neglected after Saturday's dinner." It is said that the law has "nothing to do with religion." We should judge from the above that the purpose of the law-makers was to make sure as far as legislation can of carrying out the rest-day idea for workingmen that is so persistently pro-claimed by the religious Sunday forces. And, notwithstanding the fact that Sun-day will be the day chosen by most em-ployees, it must not be overlooked that the law in question does not designate Sunday; it simply requires that employ-ers shall allow their employees one day off each week. The law throughout is 