THE MASSACHUSETTS HEARING - 213 laws, or the right to grant to some the privi-lege of disobeying them, even in cases of " necessity and charity." The question is, who is the authority in this matter of Sabbath or Lord's day observance, the General Court of Massachusetts or the Lord? Now this bill before you provides for the protection from disturbance of all worshiping assemblies, whether in public or in private, and provides that all employers shall release their employees from labor one day each week. This is all that any one has the right to de-mand. Ques. Do you object to the printing of news-papers on Sunday morning? Ans. No, sir. I believe it is the right of the state to require civility or respect for the rights of others at all times, but beyond that it has no right to go on any day. Ques. If there was a horse race going on near a church on Sunday, and the noise dis-turbed the worshipers, the law would have to be enforced to protect the worshipers, would it not? Ans. Yes, if the tumult and shouting was an actual disturbance. Ques. A manufacturer gives his employees one day in the week. They might observe different days, might they not? Ans. They might, but without a doubt in practise the day of rest would be Sunday in nearly all cases. Ques. Suppose they wanted to observe Saturday as the Sabbath, and the employer Monday. The manufacturer would have the say, would he not? Ans. He would have the say for himself, and the employees would have the say for themselves. Ques. I understand that this bill will prac-tically allow liberty to have theatres, baseball games, horse races, etc., on Sunday? Ans. So far as the state is concerned these things are just as objectionable on Monday as on Sunday. If they are inconsistent with public peace and order on Sunday, so are they on Monday, and if they should be prohibited on one day they should be prohibited on all days. Religious Character of Law Shown by Exemption Clause Mr. K. C. Russell, of Melrose, said : Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen: I am in favor of this bill because it is in harmony with this provision of the Bill of Rights of the Common-wealth of Massachusetts: " And no subject shall be hurt, molested, or restrained, in his person, liberty or es-tate, for worshiping God in the manner and season most agreeable to the dictates of his own conscience, or for his religious profession or sentiments, provided he doth not disturb the public peace, or obstruct others in their religious worship." Now it is evident that the present legislation requiring Sunday observance is contrary to this provision in the Bill of Rights. The meas-ure before you seeks to alter this legislation so that it will be in harmony with the Bill of Rights. The present Sunday law does not allow the individual to choose for himself in the matter of Sabbath observance, but decides for him, requiring him to observe as the Lord's day a day which the legislature has selected for him and declared to be the Lord's day. Thus the individual is deprived of his God-given right to exercise his own choice and to follow the dictates of his own conscience in the matter. The present Sunday law also de-prives the citizen of the right of deciding how he shall observe the " Lord's day." In it the State not only undertakes to select for him the season when he shall worship God by Sab-bath observance, but it also in a large measure determines the manner of that observance, saying that the citizen shall not do this and shall not do that during this season of " holy time " that has been selected for him by the State. All this is in flagrant violation of the provision of the Bill of Rights that I have just read. It may be said that those who observe the seventh day of the week are secured in the benefits guaranteed in the Bill of Rights by the exemption clause in the Sunday law. Allow me to call your attention briefly to this exemption clause. It reads thus: " Whoever conscientiously believes that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and actually refrains from secular labor and business on that day, shall not be liable to the penalties of this chapter for performing secular business, travel, or labor on the Lord's day, if he disturbs no other person." Can any one fail to see that this exemption clause is just as thoroughly a religious meas-ure as is the Sunday law itself? Notice, that the seventh day observer must conscientiously observe the seventh day as the Sabbath, and must do nothing on the " Lord's day " that " disturbs" the observers of that day, or else he is not exempt from the requirement of the statute to observe the " Lord's day." It will be seen at once that this law presumes to enter the domain of conscience. How can 