600 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. News, Notes . . . and Comment IN the display of alcoholic liquors at. the Paris Exposition is to be seen an intoxicant distilled by some Catholic monks, on whose flasks a representa-tion of the cross of Calvary appears as a trade-mark. .4 .0 IT is estimated by missionary society officials that from fifty to sixty men, women, and children belonging to the Protestant missionary force in North China have been recently murdered by the Chinese. dt SPEAKING of things that are being brought to light in China, the Christian Register says that " it seems to be possible, if not probable, that it will finally ap-pear that the rebellion put down by Chinese Gordon contained within it the elements of the new life which may yet renovate the Chinese Empire." WE learn from a sermon delivered recently at St. Joseph's College, Philadelphia, by a Jesuit " Father," that it was Lord Baltimore who "gave to the Con-stitution of the United States itsŁmost precious tenet Šthat of religious freedom "! And Catholics have much to say about Protestant falsifying of history. .0 .0 A CUBAN correspondent of American Catholic journals writes that " nowhere in history perhaps has the union of church and state wrought more evil effects than in Cuba, and in their desire to effect a separation the Cubans are going to many unreason-able extremes." People who have experienced the evils of church-and-state union are usually willing to proceed to any necessary extremes to get rid of it. .0 .0 TEE Marquis Ito, one of the foremost of Japa-nese statesmen, in a recent conversation expressed this view of state religion, on which point it seems Japan sees clearer than most of the " Christian na-tions": "At one time I held the opinion that if Japan was seeking admission into Christendom she  ought to adopt Chrisianity as the state religionŠa conventionalism like the dress-coatŠbut now I am in-clined to sympathize with many of our more thought-ful people who urge that -no country can be bene-fitted by playing fast and loose with religion and the deeper matters of what they call the soul." " Playing fast and loose with religion "Šthat ex-presses the character of state "Christianity." Its Christianity is exalted or laid aside, just as will suit the selfish purposes it has in view. 44 .4 SUNDAY, June 16, a resident of New Britain, Con-necticut, was arrested on a charge of fishing in the " Farmington reservoir," near that town. The de-fendant, at his trial, averred that he was not fishing, but had merely killed a frog. Being convicted and fined $3, he appealed to the superior court, the judge of which, in order to sustain the verdict of the lower court, decided that a frog is a fish, notwithstanding proof to the contrary from zoological authorities and the dictionary submitted by defendant's attorney. The Sunday law does not bother itself with fine dis-tinctions. ell dt THE New York Tribune reports the enforcement of the Sunday law of that State upon two Italians at Mount Vernon, Sept. 16. "The old blue laws," says the Tribune, "were enforced in Mount Vernon yesterday [Sunday], when policeman Kirkeby ar-rested Michael Mispare and A. Ciclime for chopping wood. The .men were caught by the officer sawing and splitting a log near their home in Fourteenth Avenue. They said they wanted the wood to kin-dle a fire, so their wives could cook dinner. This is not a free country,' exclaimed one of the prison-ers. If a man can't cut wood in this country on Sunday I'm going back to Italy to live.' dt SOMEONE has sent us the following press item relative to the chain-prayer political movement said to have been started by the Indiana W. C. T.U., which, it appears from this statement, was far from being of the dimensions given it in the newspaper reports: " INDIANAPOLIS, IND., Sept. 10.--The endless prayer scheme of Mrs. Mary Balch to defeat President Mc-Kinley was turned down at a meeting of the officers of the Indiana W. C. T. U., which was secretly held at the residence of Mrs. F. T. McWhirter, president 