394Ł THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY vented from doing so by " a committee of the engineers' brotherhood who went to the district superintendent and made a protest against the President's being pulled by a non-union man. So effective were the arguments that Spillman was deprived of his honor, and his place taken by a member of the brotherhood in good standing." The engineer was of course not a member of the engineers' union. This noteworthy evidence of the power of " organized labor " would be .more re-assuring if what is said in the quotation elsewhere from The Independent with re-gard to labor unions were not true. Only a few weeks ago no less a friend of or-ganized labor than Mr. Clarence S. Dar-row, who was the attorney for the miners' union before' the late Coal Strike Com-mission, declared in a public address in Chicago that " the principles of labor or-ganizations, as now managed, and those of the trusts and huge business consoli-dations are the same." Organized labor must find other principles of action or its power will be only a menace to society. Considerable has been heard lately about preparedness for war being the best guarantee , of peace. The President has been saying a great deal in favor of the building and maintenance of a big navy, because " the surest guarantee of peace is an adequate navy." The real reason why a big navy is wanted cropped out in the President's speech at Tacoma on May 22; when he said : I, ask for a navy primarily because it is the surest means of keeping peace, and also be-cause, if war does come, surely there can be no American who will tolerate the idea of its having anything other than a successful issue. It is because they cannot tolerate the idea of war having any other than a suc-cessful issue for them that the nations of Europe are groaning under their heavy burdens of militarism. It is not desire for peace, but the desire and determina-tion to " whip the other fellow " when  " we " get into a fight that causes all this talk in favor of a big navy. And that desire is not an attitude that insures peace, by any means. The first of a series of articles that have been prepared for THE SENTINEL by Mr. W. A. Colcord, an old friend and contributor, is. given in this issue. The character of the articles to follow is in-dicated by this first one. They will set forth in a clear and simple manner principles of liberty that are to-day too little understood. The readers of THE SENTINEL, and all others into whose hands they will now place the paper, are to be congratulated upon what is now in store for them in these excellent articles, which are worthy not only of careful reading but of earnest study. It will sometimes be necessary to hold over an article for a week or more, but this will not matter so much, since each article, Ł though logically connected with the one preceding and the one following, will be complete in itself. Ł During the present session of the French Chamber of Deputies two votes of confidence in the government's de-termined policy with regard to the re-ligious associations have been taken. The last was on May 20, when after a heated debate the policy of the government was sustained by a vote of 313 to 237. A bill providing for the entire separation of church and state has been brought before the chamber by M. de Pressense, but although it receives enthusiastic endorse-ment in some quarters, it is not likely to become law. Because people should be good and true, it does not follow that they can be made good and true by legislation. The business of legislatures is to pro- hibit crimes, not to invent them. Ł 