The Supremacy of the Papacy By Alonzo T. Jones XV High and Shrewd Playing for a Great Slake WE have seen somewhat of the sub- stantial gains that the Papacy has made, through the Philippine entangle-ment of the United States, in getting a firm hold upon the United States govern-ment itself. We have seen somewhat of the machinery and its workings that she is employing to the furtherance of this great and far-reaching purpose. It is proper that more of this should be as widely as possible known; for it is such a great stake for which she is play-ing in this game that she is willing to go to fairly desperate lengths to gain her points. And the lengths to which she has already gone are almost surprising even to those who are best acquainted with her disposition, and with her pur-poses, through the United States, con-cerning Europe and all humanity. At one stage of the proceedings last summer in Rome the Papacy went so far as to propose that if a certain course were taken President Roosevelt might name to the Papacy the persons to be appointed " apostolic delegates " at Washington and at Manila. This was an enormous bid on the part of the Papacy ; but what would have been gained by it had it been accepted was worth all that was bid. For, had the bid been accepted, the nam-ing by the President of the United States of the persons to be appointed by the Pope to the positions of " apostolic delegate " at Washington and Manila would have been nothing else than the President taking an official part in the work of the Church of Rome as such, and would have been a direct uniting of the United States government with the Papacy in the ecclesiastical work of the Papacy; and so would have been a direct union  of the United States and the Papacy in promoting the work of the Papacy, the United States government becoming the servant of the Papacy. The bid was not accepted. The conse-quences were so apparent that even at Washington they could be seen as too much to be assumed as yet. But that the Papacy should be ready to make such a bid demonstrates her estimate of the mag-nitude of the stake for which she is play-ing, and her willingness to bid accord-ingly. When this bid was declined or evaded at Washington, the Papacy later in the negotiations in Rome inserted the same thing in a different shape. For in reply to Governor Taft's of July 3, the Papacy, July 1o, proposed as a basis of negotia-tions in the affairs of the Philippines a contract of twelve articles to be " signed by both parties." Article four of these twelve provided for the " establishment of a tribunal of arbitration to be composed of five members, two of whom are to be chosen by the Vatican, two by the Philip-pine government, and the fifth by the other four." And if these four should not agree upon that fifth member, then, the article proceeds : " In case of dis-agreement as to the fifth member, he shall be chosen in common accord by Pope Leo and President Roosevelt ! ! This " contract " proposed by the Pa-pacy was not able to get any further —for Governor Taft surprised the papal court by suddenly breaking off the negotiations in Rome and transferring everything to Manila for whatever further must be done. But if the proposed " contract " had been accepted, and its twelve articles had thus become the law between the 