The Soul and Mind of the Countty will? Regard to Civil Liberty* Words of James Otis, of Massachusetts, through the press in July, 176.4, when the Stamp Tax measure was being pushed through Parliament by the English Government. GOVERNMENT is founded not on force, as was the theory of Hobbes; nor on compact, as was the theory of Locke and of the revolution of 1688; nor on property, as was asserted by Har-rington. It springs from the necessities of our nature, and has an everlasting foundation in the unchangeable will of God. Man came into the world and into society at the same instant. There must exist in every earthly society a supreme sovereign from whose final decision there can be no appeal but directly to Heaven. THIS SUPREME POWER IS ORIGINALLY AND ULTIMATELY IN THE PEOPLE; and THE PEOPLE NEVER DID IN FACT FREELY, NOR CAN RIGHT-FULLY, make an unlimited renunciation of this divine right. Kingcraft and priestcraft are a trick to gull the vulgar. The happiness of mankind demands that this grand and ancient alliance should be broken off forever. The omniscient and omnipotent Monarch of the universe has, by the grand charter given to the human race, placed the end of government in the good of the whole. The form of government is left to the individuals of each society; its whole superstructure and administration should be con-formed to the law of universal reason. There can be no prescription old enough to supersede the law of nature and the grant of God Almighty, who has given all men a right to be free. If every prince since Nimrod had been a tyrant, it would not prove a right tb tyrannize. The administrators of legislative and executive authority, when they verge toward tyranny, are to be resisted; if they prove incorrigible, are to be deposed. The first principle and great end of government being to provide for the best good of all the people, this can be done only by a supreme legislative and executive, ultimately in the people, or whole community, where God has placed it; but the difficulties attending a universal congress gave rise to a right of representation. Such a transfer of the power of the whole to the few was neces-sary; but to bring the powers of all into the hands of one or some few, and to make them hereditary, is the interested work of the weak and the wicked. Nothing but life and liberty are actually heredit-able. The grand political problem is to invent the best combination of the powers of legislation and execution. They must exist in the state, just as in the revolution of the planets; one power would fix them to a center, and another carry them off indefinitely; but the first and simple principle is, EQUALITY and THE POWER OF THE WHOLE. 짜  짜 The British colonists do not hold their liberties or their lands by so slippery a tenure as the will of the prince. Colonists are men, the common children of the same Creator with their brethren of Great Britain. The colonists are men; the colonists are therefore freeborn; for, BY THE LAW OF NATURE, ALL MEN ARE FREEBORAr, WHITE OR BLACK. * 짜 * LIBERTY 15' THE GIFT OF GOD, AND CANNOT BE ANNIHILATED. Nor do the political and civil rights of the British colonists rest on .a charter from the crown. Old Magna Charta was not the beginning of all things, nor did it rise on the borders of chaos out of the unformed mass. A time may come when Parliament shall declare every .4merican charter void; but 'THE NATURAL .INHERENT, AND INSEPARABLE RIGHTS OF THE COLONISTS, AS MEN and as citizens, CAN NEVER BE ABOLISHED. The Soul and Mind of the Counky with Regard to Religious Liberty* Selections from the famous "Memorial and Remonstrance," written by James Madison and pre- sented to the General Assembly of Virginia in 5785. WE HOLD it for a fundamental and undeniable truth "that religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and con-viction, not by force or violence." The religion, then, of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every man; and it is the right of every man to exercise it as these may dictate. This right is in its nature an unalienable right. It is unalienable, because the opinions of men, de-pending only on the evidence contemplated in their own minds, cannot follow the dictates of other men. It is unalienable, also, because what is here a right towards nien is a duty towards the Creator. It is the duty of every man to render to the Creator such homage, and such only, as he believes to be acceptable to Him. This duty is precedent, both in order of time and in degree of obligation, to the claims of civil society. Before any man can be considered as a member of civil society, he must be considered as a subject of the Governor of the universe; and if a member of a civil society who enters into any subordinate association, must always do it with a reservation of his duty to the genes-al authority,. much more must every man who becomes a member of any particular civil society do it with a saving of his allegiance to the universal Sovereign. We maintain, therefore, that in matters of religion no man's right is abridged by the institution of civil society, and that religion is wholly exempt from its cognizance. * 짜 * If religion is exempt from the authority of society at large? still less can it be subject to that of the legislative body. The latter are but the creatures and vicegerents of the former. Their juris-diction is both derivative and limited. * * * Who does not see that the same authority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other religions, niay establish, with the same ease, any particular sect of Christians, in exclusion of all other sects? that the same authority which can force a citizen to contribute threepence only of his property for the support of any establishment, may force him to conform to any other establish-ment in all cases whatsoever? * * Whilst we assert for ourselves a freedom to embrace, to profess, and to observe the religion which we believe to be of divine origin, we cannot deny an equal freedom to them whose minds have not yet yielded to the evidence which has convinced us. If this freedom be abused, it is an offence against God, not against man. To God, therefore, not to may must an account of it be rendered.  * * Either, then, we must say that the will of the legislature is the only measure of their authority, and that in the plenitude of that authority, they may sweep away all our fundamental rights, or that they are bound to leave this particular right untouched and sacred. * * * * See editorial note. 