590  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY berth on Sundays in the future." Deal-ers who have been accustomed to keep-ing open on Sundays have been notified to "refrain from selling any unnecessary articles," including tobacco and cigars, on Sundays. On June 24 it was reported that warrants had been issued for the ar-rest of several soda-water dispensers and fruit-store proprietors who had trans-acted business on the previous Sunday. The Marcus (Ia.) News reports that "the Marcus tonsorial artists are having an entertaining time over the question of Sunday closing." One barber who per-sists in disregarding the mandate of the other barbers in the matter has been taken.  before a justice and fined three times. The News, in a very common sense fashion, declares that if one line of business should suspend that all lines should suspend, and concludes that as the post-office is a business institution, it, too, should be closed along with the rest : We do not believe that the existing Sunday law was framed to prohibit one person from transacting business on Sunday and allowing another to do so. If one business place must be closed .let the order be general, including the postoffice. No partiality should be shown in this mattes A large majority of the citi-zens are of the same opinion. The officials and some of the citizens of Asbury Park, N. J., are becoming res-tive under the condition of affairs where-by that city is prevented from having any train service on Sundays. By an agree-ment between the Ocean Grove Camp-meeting Association and the New York and Long Branch Railroad Company, no trains can stop at Asbury Park on Sun-days. The city council and board of trade recently asked the camp-meeting officials to permit the rescinding of the contract, or to allow it to be so construed as to permit trains to stop on Sundays, but  they refused, saying that was their final decision inThe matter. The city attorney of Asbury Park was then instructed by the council to take legal action to secure the stopping of all regular passenger trains at that place on Sundays. George A. Bingham, a druggist of Toronto, Ont., was arraigned in the police court of that city on June 21, "charged with selling ice-cream soda on Sunday." The constable who made the arrest testified that, in company with two other policemen, he went into Mr. Bing-ham's store and bought ice-cream sodas, answering in the affirmative when asked if they "needed them as medicine." Other persons were being served at the same time. The case was continued. We -suppose this is one of the first re-sults of the agitation by the Lord's-day (Sunday) Alliance with regard to the sale of refreshments on Sunday in Toron-to, noted last month. The method by which evidence was here obtained bears evidence that it had the genuine Sunday-enforcement spirit and inspiration be-. hind it. ¥ According to the Des Moines (Iowa) Register, of June 27, Mr. C. Panor, He-brew clothing merchant of that city, who claimed to be an observer of the seventh day of the week, was convicted on the previous day of "violation of the Sunday closing law" and sentenced to pay a fine of $ioo and costs. The intimation was that the heavy fine was imposed because Mr. Panor had misrepresented the mat-ter when he said he observed the seventh day, the evidence showing, it is said, that his store was open every day in the week. Mr. Panor at once gave notice that he would appeal to the district court, and the bond on his appeal was fixed at $200. The arrest and prosecution 