422  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the American nation, since the island has the same tariff, immigration, postal and other laws as the United States. That view is, we must insist, mistaken. To cite a proverbial example, there is a river in Macedon and a river in Monmouth, but Macedon and Mon-mouth are not the same, nor parts of the same realm. It is true that certain United States laws have been extended to Porto Rico. But the Constitution and laws as a whole have not been, and those that have been thus ex-tended have been thus extended as a matter of expediency and policy, not as a matter of natural and perpetual right. Congress is quite free to withdraw those laws, or to enact others, as may seem good to it in its government of that island. Porto Rico has been, for certain purposes, in certain respects conformed to the United States. But it has not thus been made a part of the United States, and it is not thus considered., Again, the memorial speaks of Porto Ricans as being deprived " momentarily " of American citizenship, and mentions, as one of the chief arguments in favor of the protection asked for coffee, that " it would contribute to remove the obstacles toward the attainment of the constant dream of our fellow-citizens," to wit, the admission of Porto Rico into the Union as one of the United States. The fact that a certain step would be in the direction of Porto Rican admission to Statehood is one of the strongest reasons for not taking it. Our friends at Ponce would have made their case much stronger if they had. urged that the granting of protection would not encourage, but would rather discourage, the Statehood sentiment, and would create another barrier against the island's admission to the Union. If Porto Rico is really dreaming of Statehood in this Union, the best thing she can do is to awaken to a realization of the truth that there is no Statehood for her, and that her inhabitants are excluded from American citi-zenship not only "momentarily" but perma-nently. The italics in this we have supplied. The Tribune has repeated the same senti-ment in a later editorial. For comment we cannot do better than quote from the Springfield Republican: The editor of the Tribune was one of the leaders in the annexation of the island. He would have the country hang on to it perma-nently. He is therefore in favor of keeping the Porto Ricans permanently or forever in a state  of political subjection or servitude. He would not allow them to become free and self-governing outside of the United States nor under the jurisdiction of the United States. He would hold them forever in allegiance to the American government, and forever deny to them American citizenship. We are forever to govern them as we please, and they are . forever to have no voice in that government. This is of course the attitude of a cold-blooded. absolutism. It is the position of a man who has his foot on the neck of a pros-trate fellow and who tells him that while he 'is privileged to look up he must never hope or expect to get up. This is imperialism, and as bald a brand of the article as ever existed.... One thing is certainÑif Porto Rico continues a part of the United States, it will one day become an American State or American Statehood will cease to stand for self-government. Alas ! there are more ominous tenden-cies manifesting themselves in American life than even those pointed out by Dr. Adler. The growing tendency to vio-lence is one of them. This tendency is a menace to all government and order, but it is preeminently a menace to demo-cratic government, for it is the repudia-tion of government by the people them-selves. It produces anarchy, and anarchy brings on despotic government. As Dr.. Savage says, groups of men are getting less and less inclined to take peaceable, lawful methods in accomplishing their ends. Labor disputes are almost invari-ably attended by violence ; organized labor seems to regard this as a legitimate means of accomplishing its ends. And more and more is mob " law " coming into vogue. Already this year there have been about twenty-five lynchings in the United States. Between 1885 and 19oo there were more than 2,500 lynchings in the country. More than fifty of these victims of lynching mobs have been women. "There are now only four States in the Union in which there have not oc-curred mob executions during the last seventeen years. The United. States is 