668 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY nor to think as he chooses. He has made all intelligences free to choose, and to think as they chose and there-fore free to sin if they choose. And God is infinitely more honored in mak-ing intelligences thus, than He could possibly be in making them so that they could not think nor choose, so that they would not be intelligent, but mere machines." And thus God can never employ force in securing the obedience of His creatures. He depends upon His char-acter to hold their allegiance. Only by love is love awakened. He has given to every intelligent creature power to understand his requirements, to com-prehend the justice and beneficence of His laws, and the sacredness and im-mutability of His claims. He will have, He can accept, only that homage which springs from an intelligent apprecia-tion of His character. The allegiance of His creatures must rest upon a con-viction in their own minds of His jus-tice and benevolence ; upon the convic-tion that the sovereignty of God in-volves fulness of blessing to all created beings, that in the existence of God's government is bound up the welfare of the universe and all its inhabitants. Thus religious liberty has its origin and foundation in the very heart and character of God himself. It is a prin-ciple that exists in His very nature, that springs from His infinite love. And so the purpose of religious liberty preceded the creation of intelligent be-ings; and in creating such beings God had to take the risk of their choosing not to serve Him, not to love Him. And that risk involved the plan of salvation ; and so that wonderful plan, of which we study so much and know so little as yet, was devised even before the first ,creature was made. And so for the ake of religious liberty, for this great principle of freedom of  choice, God made provision, in the counsels of eternity with His Son, that in case any of the beings to be created should fail to respond in love and obedience to the beneficence of His character as it was to be seen in all His works, that He would make the greatest display of His love that it were possible ; He would exhaust the utmost resources of Heaven itself in the supreme effort to reawaken love, to win back those who had misappre-hended His character and fallen into the bondage of sin. He would yield His Son to become one with those who had fallen, to die in their behalf, in order that those who had rebelled against Him might have a second free-dom to choose joy and life; and in order that the universe might know in-deed that His character was love, and that by love alone He would hold the allegiance of His creatures. And we know that it became neces-sary for this plan to be carried out; for the purpose of infinite love which God had purposed in His Son in eter-nity to be especially manifested to sin-ful beings. And in all that has been done in the carrying out of this plan we can and should see the great truth of religious liberty. Whether it be God's dealings with patriarchs Ł and prophets, the tabernacle and its serv-ices, or whatever it may have been that has had connection with the plan of salvation, it was all for the purpose of revealing and manifesting the char-acter of God to those who had wan-dered from Him, in order that they might, of their own free choice, return to His service of love. And thus when we come to the Bible we do not find this great truth of relig-ious liberty stated so much in set words, but rather we find it as a great principle underlying all of which the Bible teaches us. But there are many Ł Ł 