THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 393 *111/11111iLLIMILIIIMAW11111111111WII44MILIIIIIIIL111111111111111111* NEWS, NOTES AND COMMENT 41111111TIVITITITITITTITIRMY111711111/11TMITYMIYMYTT "Wholesale fraud and corruption," says the Cath-olic Standard and Times, "honeycomb our public ser-vice in Manila. The Taft Commission just arrived there are said to be 'staggered' by the universality of waste and peculation under our 'carpet-bag' govern-ment. And General Otis goes on coolly referring to the Tagalo insurgents as 'robbers.' " As noted in these columns last week, the Ham-burg, Iowa, ministers are making a strong effort to secure from the city council an ordinance closing places of business on Sunday. A Hamburg paper says : "Rev. Enders made an eloquent and able plea before the council in favor of closing." It is strange, indeed, what an interest the preachers take in "civil" matters when it comes to using civil law to enforce a religious institution. * "The proverbial quietude and peacefulness of En-glewood on Sunday mornings is being fearfully shat-tered these days," says the Chronicle of this city. Every Sunday morning "there is a lively state of af-fairs in the neighborhood of Sixty-third and Halsted streets which occurs with such regularity that now crowds are beginning to assemble to see the fun." The occasion of the disturbance is an effort to in-duce a dealer in clothing and shoes to close his store on Sunday. This merchant keeps open a few hours Sunday forenoon, but gives each of his clerks a whole day's vacation each week. These clerks have signed a writ-ten statement that they are perfectly satisfied with the arrangement ; but though they are satisfied others are not, and demand that the store be closed all day Sun-day. * * The statue of Liberty Enlightening the World, on Bedloe's Island, in New York harbor, is said to be in a rather woe-begone condition. The Herald of that city says of the statue : "Standing as she does mantled in a heavy coating of green rust, she presents a much bedraggled appear-ance, and her condition is the occasion for much ad-verse comment among the many thousands whose business or pleasure takes them down the bay." Commenting upon this, the Springfield Republican says : "It is small wonder that a statue of liberty should grow rusty nowadays. Pull it down and put up a statue of Dr. Gatling." The Primative Catholic, of Brooklyn, N. Y., notes that the Catholic Truth Society has prefixed the word "International" to its name. Among the items of work reported is "supplying regularly and gratui-tously about nine hundred families with papers and magazines in sparsely settled localities in the South and West; the names being supplied by priests." "Another item in the report," remarks the Prima-tive Catholic, "is the placing on the shelves of public libraries over eight hundred volumes of the ablest Catholic works. All this has been accomplished in one year." The secretary in making his report also notes "with satisfaction" "the work accomplished by the society in having expunged from text-books calumnies against the Catholic Church." "The calumnies against the Catholic Church," says the Primative Catholic, "are the true facts of history regarding Rome, and her past doings. It is to the everlasting disgrace of Americans that these histories have been mutilated. And even in this garbled condi-tion, it is expounded, in numerous instances, in our public schools by Romish teachers." Truth and Fallacy. A writer for the Christian Century says : "A nation is not safe because of military supremacy only, or from the seven hills Rome would still rule the world. "Nor do seminaries and scholars constitute a sure defense, else the land of Plato and Aristotle had never been subject to the unspeakable Turk. "Nor does national existence running back into hoar antiquity safeguard the future, for the 'Celestial empire' seems now tottering to its fall. "A nation is safe only when shielded by the eyes of Divine protection. This any nation can have that will coronate God as its supreme ruler and make His holy word its supreme law. "These acts will in themselves counteract all tend-ency toward dissolution and promote national strength 'and grandeur." The writer we quote errs in this only when he at-tempts to tell how a nation can have "divine protec-tion." God can be truly "coronated" only in the human heart. All any nation can do to honor God is to leave the individuals free to render Him such homage as they wish. Government cannot assist in this, and it should not seek to hinder. Spain is an example of a nation which has tried 