480  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY professed adherence to the Christian re-ligion. This, too, in face of the basic Christian principle, "All things whatso-. ever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." It has been in the matter of the "pur-suit of happiness" that the advocates of civil-law religion have ever deemed it their prerogative, through the machinery of government, to dictate bounds of ac-tion on the part of their fellow-men. Re-ligious zealotsÑwhether Roman Catho-lic, professed Protestant, Greek Church, Mohammedan, or the generally recog-nized heathen of whatever namehave 'always deemed it essential to good gov-ernment to restrain the non-religionist in his idea of pursuing happiness, and ¥to compel him to at least formally ac-knowledge the essential importance of their religious dogmas. So extensively grounded had this idea become that a government without an establishment of religion was indeed a "new order of things," and in the Old World was deemed as near of kin to anarchy. Many attempts have been made to es-tablish a government that would be void of tyranny, that would recognize the rights of all the people, but prior to A.D., 1776, all such attempts fell short because some particular kind ' of re-ligious faith was recognized in the civil law. The government, however liberal in other respects, would set up and en-deavor to maintain at public expense some form of religion. And it has ever been a fact that the enforcement of re- ligion by law has worked oppression and limitation of the exercise of civil rights by those who were conscientiously op-posed to the state religion. But through the vista of history and experience, by the light of true Gospel principle, there dawned the true idea of civil governmentÑthe complete separa-tion of church and state, and the recog-nition of the equality of men. This was the perfect ideal as seen by the framers of the Declaration of Independence, and later by those who constructed and adopted the Constitution. That the ideal has not been fully put into practise is due to the innate selfishness and big-otry of individuals and classes who have been enabled to wield in a certain degree a deteriorating influence. But the ideal was set up by our forefathers, in the providence of God, for the first time in the history of nations. And it is yet pro-fessedly held up in the letter of the Constitution, but there have been marked departures from the principles espoused in the beginning of our national career, with strong indications that the wave of departure will hardly be restrained. The anniversary of the formal declara-tion of independence by our forefathers is a good time to consider the situation, and seriously reflect upon the signs of the times. A return to the principles of the old order of things will surely work a recurrence of the old order of things. Now is a good time to think on these things ; to take a new hold upon the principles of the new order of things. ¥ If our nation acts upon the theory that might makes right it will find it difficult to draw a line between wholesale con-quest and retail anarchy. To fight an-archy successfully we must set up a standard of right entirely independent of the.  force which supports or defends it;  we must insist that there are inalienable rights and that governments are insti-stuted among men for the preservation of these rights. Governments are necessary, but necessary for what ?ÑFor the protec-tion of rights; and they are good just in proportion as they protect the rights of 