7.) TILE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The "Holy Ste." Since the overthrow nexi co, and the of Maximilian, in United States 1867, "there has ex-isted a complete separation of church and state" in Mexico, and the govern-ment has dispensed with the blessed-ness of diplomatic relations with the "Holy See." The Vatican is now, and has been for some time, attempting to restore this blessedness to Mexico. On January 5 an "apostolic delegate to Mexico" was appointed by Pius X, and it was announced that this was "con-sidered by Vatican authorities to be the first step toward the resumption of diplomatic relations between Mex-ico and the Holy See." But on Jan-uary 15 it was reported from Rome that "the Vatican authorities have been in-formed that the appointment of Mgr. Serafini, Archbishop of Spoleto, as ap-ostolic delegate to Mexico jannot lead to the resumption of diplomatic rela-tions between the Holy See and Mex-ico." Evidently and fortunately Mex-ico proposes to continue to dispense with the blessedness which the Papacy is so anxious to bestow upon her. The later dispatch also stated : The late Pope Leo made several at-tempts to have the Catholic religion given official recognition in Mexico, but President Diaz constantly and in-sistently refused to comply with Pope Leo's wishes, although not opposed to Catholicism, which prospers in Mexico more than it does in any of the other Latin-American republics, where it is the state religion. The new apostolic delegation to Mexico will have exactly the same powers and limitations as that of the apostolic delegation at Washing-ton. How many Americans are aware of the fact that the "apostolic delegation at Washington" means exactly the same thing with regard to the United States that this recently appointed apostolic delegate to Mexico means with regard to that country? It means  nothing less than an attempt on the part of the Papacy to establish diplo-matic relations with the government or the United States. The late Pope Leo. also made several attempts to have the religion given official recogni-tion by the government of the United.  StaesŠattempts more asiduous and persistent than were made with regard to Mexico. The appointment of an.  "apostolic delegate " to Mexico is in the view and purpose of the Vatican authorities a move toward the estab-lishment of diplomatic relations be-tween Mexico and the "Holy See ;" and in the view and purpose of those-same authorities the appointment of an "apostolic delegate" to the United.  States ten or twelve years ago was a move toward the establishment of dip-lomatic relations between the United States and the " Holy See." The maintenance of an "apostolic delegate to Mexico means persistence by the Pa-pacy in her attempt to establish diflo-matic relations with the government of that country— and the continuance of the "apostolic: delegation at Washing-ton" means persistence by the Papacy in her attempt and determination to-establish diplomatic relations between herself and the government of the United States. Is that scheme to suc-ceed ? A certain man who recently at-tempted to dictate to the speaker of the House of Representatives as to a committee appointment is referred to-as "the legislative agent of the labor-union interests at Washington." There is another man at Washington who is the legislative agent of the church-union interests. We have not heard of his attempting to dictate committee appointments, but he does boast of hav-ing caused and prevented legislation by Congress. 