Religion and the Public Schools' F a man is convinced that he is in pos-session of divine truth, next to obey-ing it himself the first and most important of all duties is that he teach it to his chil-dren. But when, where, how ? The an-swer to these questions depends, it seems to me, upon the conditions of every age and of every country. If we go back to the conditions of early society, we find that what we are ac-customed to think of- to-day as secular truth was practically unknown. Beyond the simple, domestic arts and the prepara-tion for hunting and war, all that there was to teach the children was religion. Religion has always existed in the world; and in the early world it made up the larger part of life. The people then be-lieved that everything they did was de-pendent upon the relations in which they stood to the invisible powers, so that relig-ious teaching was the main part of the instruction and training which was im-parted to the children. It is only in the modern world that there has been any division between the secular and the sacred. In ancient Rome, for example, the king or the emperor was at the same time the Pontifex Maximus. He was at the head of the state : he was at the head of the religious life of his people. In the Roman Catholic Church, which has preserved the traditions of the Roman empire, the same thing has been true. The pope claims absolute dominion over this world, and an equal dominion over the other, so far as his subjects here 'On March 8 last Dr. Minot J. Savage, of the " Church of the Messiah " (Unitarian), New York, spoke on this topic. Shortly after-wards we obtained a copy of the discourse, and have been intending ever since to give it to the readers of THE SENTINEL. Such mat-ter is timely just now, and so, although it makes a rather long article, we present it this week. Some remarks at the beginning and elsewhere that are not important here are omitted. are concerned. In England the church is a state establishment ; and it claims the right to-day to dictate as to the conduct of the public schools of the kingdom. When the Puritans, driven by persecu-tion, came to this country, they did not escape the ideas which were at the basis of the persecution from which they fled. They brought with them the thought of the practical identity of the church and the state. The town was taxed for the sup-port of the church; and only church mem-bers were allowed to vote. For the first time in the history of the worldŠunless an exception be found in HollandŠfor the first time in the history of this continent at any rate, we find an-other principle recognized at Plymouth. The Pilgrims established a civil govern-ment which claimed only to control the af-fairs of this world : all the religionists of every kind were free at Plymouth. You need to note this immense distinction be-tween the Puritans and the Pilgrims : the Pilgrims never persecuted for religion's sake. Roger Williams, the Quakers, Anne HutchinsonŠany one was free at Plymouth to believe what he would and practise his religion as he pleased. And, when the thirteen colonies achieved their independence and the United States was formed, this govern-mentŠ the first great instance in history Šplanted itself purely on a secular ground. The United States as a nation is not a religious nation, it is not a Chris-tian nation, it is not a Catholic nation, it is not a Protestant nation : it is a secular nation. It, with clear eye and deliberate purpose, refused to have anything to do with the establishment of anybody's relig-ion. It took the ground that its business was to look after the affairs of this world; and it left everybody free to be-lieve as they pleased, and exercise their 