682  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY August was a nuisance to private indi-viduals, or objectionable to anybody in the immediate neighborhood. Chief of Police Pendergast was the next witness. He said that about one o'clock on the third day of August the defendant called him up over the tele-phone and said he was not able to hire the painting done and must do it on Sun-day if he did it himself, and claimed that he had the right to do the work on that day. The chief replied that he did not think so, but that he had no feeling in the matter; that he would consult the judge the next day, and if the judge agreed that Mr. Gibson had the right to do the work, he would drop the case, but if not he would be obliged to summon him to court. He said the defendant asked him not to push the case himself, but to let whoever had made the com-plaint in the first place go to Malden and get the summons. The witness said he had known the defendant about five years, and that from personal observa-tion he would say that Mr. Gibson was as law-abiding as the average citizen. In reply to questions as to why he did not have the defendant arrested, and as to why the summons was not issued until the 5th, the witness said that he had much respect for Mr. Gibson and did not like to arrest him, and that in order to serve a summons he had to wait twenty-four hours, and thus the matter was held over until Tuesday. The next witness was Hon. Francis Batcheller, ex-mayor of Everett, who had been summoned by the defendant, and who was mayor of Everett at the time Mr. Gibson was tried and fined for keeping open his shop on Sunday some seven or eight years ago. He testified that he had lived in Everett thirty-two years, and had known the defendant eight or ten years ; had known him well, had met him often, had transacted busi- ness with him, and had assisted him much in a business way. Mr. Gibson ex-pressed himself as glad to publicly ac-knowledge the last fact stated. The wit-ness stated that he was conscientious in proceding, in his capacity as mayor, against the defendant eight years ago for keeping open his shop on Sunday. He thought it his duty to enforce the law im-partially. He did not know whether the corporations namedÑthe New England Gas and Coke Company and the West End Street Railway CompanyÑdid any unnecessary work on Sunday or not, but he presumed the street railway company did do what the "Lord's Day" statute de-fined to be unnecessary work. The judge heie declared that he objected to the questions being put to the witness re-garding the Sunday work of these cor-porations, but that he would say, "Yes, these corporations do have work done on Sunday that they have no right to have done." In reply to further questions the wit-ness said he could not say that it was a work of necessity for the city sprinkling wagon to run up and down Robin Street past the defendant's house on the "Lord's Day"; that as a magistrate he had never known of a large corporation, copartner-ship, or rich man being prosecuted or fined for violating the "Lord's Day" statute; that he believed in enforcing the law as long as it was on the statute books, but could not say that it could be enforced without abridging the rights of some. He volunteered the statement that he thought the defendant had acted conscientiously and in accordance with his religious belief in doing that for which he had been arraigned, adding : "You have always given me the idea that your Sabbath was Saturday, and that Sunday was a secular day to you. This was brought out in the former case, eight years ago, when you were prosecuted for 