28 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ing part of the afternoon, she re-sponded, with a naive accent of indig-nation : " Yes Š I could do that, couldn't I? " She told Mr. Vail that her husband was an engineer. " He has to work Sundays for wages," she said, "just the same as you." The charge of incitement to breach of the peace against Mr. Vail was first heard. Mr. Farmakis testified that Mr. Vail went to his store at 9 Market Street on December 6, accompanied by two of his spies, and tried to enter. Mr. Farmakis said he met him at the door, and told him the place was not open-; that no sales were being made, and that he could not enter. Mr. Vail seemed bent on entering, he declared, and he found it necessary to push him backward. Meanwhile Mr. Vail ad-dressed him in loud tones, while his assistants, who stood by, laughed and jeered. About fifty persons began to congregate about the door. Mr. Vail failed to enter the store, and with his aids returned up Market Street. Mr. Farmakis immediately afterward pro-ceeded toward his other Market Street store, near Twelfth Street. At the cor-ner of Twelfth Street he said he and Vail came together again, and had a warm discussion, and that Mr. Vail told him tauntingly that he would have him again before Magistrate South, having got abundant evidence for a further imposition of fines. He characterized Farmakis, the latter said, as a foreigner who refused to obey the laws of the country. Mr. Farmakis says he re-torted that he was as good a citizen as Vail, and that he pursued a more honorable calling. He said he did not spy upon poor shopkeepers for the pur-pose of bringing them into court and swearing hard-earned money out of their pockets. At a particularly stren-uous point in the argument Mr. Vail invited him to "shut up," and a big crowd gathered again. Other witnesses were John M. Georgeosis, candy dealer, of 105 Market Street ; J. S. Urquhart, one of his clerks, and John K. Arme-lius, employed at Mr. Farmakis's store, 1211 Market Street. Their testimony substantially corroborated that of Mr. Farmakis. After a rather indiscreet cross-examination by Mr. Vail, Mr.  Farmakis was recalled by Mr. Owens, and testified that through the instru-mentality of Vail and his assistants he had been fined between seventy and seventy-five times for selling candy on Sunday, and that he had paid into the city treasury on this account about $500. Mr. Vail had boasted, the wit-ness said, that he would do his utmost to shut up his stores. Q. Had you not found it necessary to eject one of Mr. Vail's agents from one of your stores some time last summer, and did it not seem to you on Sunday, December 6, that probably an attempt would be made by him and his men to enter your place against your wishes, and for the purpose of informing against you if possible? A. That is the way I re-garded it. Mr. Owens explained that this evidence was introduced to show that the purpose of Vail was to induce Farmakis to commit violence, and thus to furnish new ground for his arrest. In summing up, he said that Mr. Vail was well aware that Mr. Farmakis would interpret his visit as hostile and provocative, yet Mr. Farmakis had not abused him at all. On the other hand Mr. Vail had taunted Mr. Farmakis, and his assistants had jeered at him. And this was not the first time. For Sun-day after Sunday Mr. Vail had done the same. There was undue interfer-ence with Mr. Farmakis. Vail was there to molest him, and did molest him. After the magistrate had announced that he would hold Mr. Vail for trial, the charges against his two aids were more quickly disposed of. The evi-dence against Borden of inciting to a breach of the peace was found to be insufficient, and he was discharged ; but Biddle was held to answer as a con-federate and abettor. The charge of violation of the Sab-bath brought against Vail, Borden, and Biddle was supported by the testimony of Farmakis, Georgeosis and Fields, though this evidence was not very ex-plicit. It was shown that Mr. Vail ob-tained on Sunday evidence of Sunday selling, but it was not shown exactly how. Fields testified that he had watched closely the movements of Vail and his assistants, and had seen him send the latter forth in various direc- 