THE PAPACY "A SCHEME OF DOMINATION' 187 stration. The foundations of our proof must, of course, be the constitution of the Papacy. As is the nature of the thing Šas are the elements and principles of which it is made upŠso inevitably must be the character and extent of its claims, and the nature of its action and influence. What, then, is the Papacy? Is it a purely spiritual society, or a purely secular society ? It is neither. The Papacy is a mixed society : the secular element enters -quite as largely into its constitution as does the spiritual. It is a compound of both elements in equal proportions ; and, being so, must necessarily possess secular as well as spiritual jurisdiction, and be necessitated to adopt civil as well as ec-clesiastical action. But how does it appear that the Church 'of Rome combines in one essence the secular and spiritual elements ? for the point lies here. It appears from the fun-'damental axiom on which she rests. There are but a few links in the chain of her infernal logic; but these few links are of adamant, and they so bind up together, in one composite body, the two principles, the spiritual and the temporal, and by consequence, the two jurisdictions, that the moment Rome attempts to cut in twain what her logic joins in one, she ceases to be the popedom. Her syllogism is indestructible if the minor proposition be but granted ; and the minor proposi-tion, be it remembered, is her fundamental axiom : Christ is the Vicar of God, and, as such, possesses His power; but the Pope is the Vicar of Christ; therefore the Pope is God's Vicar, and possesses His power. To Christ, as the Vicar of God, all power, spiritual and temporal, has been delegated. All spiritual power has been delegated to him as Head of the 'Church ; and all temporal power has been 'delegated to him for the good of the Church. This power has 'been delegated a second time from Christ to the Pope. To the Pope all spiritual power has been  delegated, as head of the Church and God's vicegerent on earth ; and all tem-poral power also, for the good of the Church. Such is the theory of the popedom. This conclusively establishes that the Pa-pacy is of a mixed character. We but perplex ourselves when we think or speak of it as simply a religion. It contains the religious element, no doubt, but it is not a religion; IT IS A SCHEME OF DOMINATION of a mixed character, partly spiritual and partly temporal, and its jurisdiction must be of the same mixed kind with its constitution. To talk of the popedom wielding a purely spiritual authority only, is to assert what her fun-damental principles repudiate. These principles compel her to claim the tem-poral also. The two authorities grow out of the same fundamental axiom, and are so woven together in the system, and so indissolubly knit the one to the other, that the Papacy must part ,with both or none. The popedom, then, stands alone. In genius, in constitution, and in preroga-tive, it is diverse from all other societies. The Church of Rome is a temporal mon-archy as really as she is an ecclesiastical body ; and in token of her hybrid char-acter, her head, the Pope, displays the emblems of both jurisdictionsŠthe keys in the one hand, the sword in the other. In disposing of the crowns of monarchs, she was disposing of but her own ; and in as-suming the supreme authority in their kingdoms, she was exercising a right in-herent in her, and with which she could no more part than she could cease to be Rome. Such is the principle viewed log-ically. The most arrogant acts of Greg-ory and Innocent did not exceed by a single hairbreadth the just limits of their power, judged according to the funda-mental axiom out of which that power springs. 