236 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Old Book, all show that religious legis-lation and true Christianity are antago-nistic to each other. Jesus Christ was the author and founder of true Christianity. He ever has been and still is its only foundation ; his life among men is a true object lesson of its demands. Churchmen and legis-lators may look long and well, but not one particle of evidence will they find that the author and exemplar of Chris-tianity ever asked for a single law or any recognition from government enforcing or even favoring one of its tenets. When he came the Roman government, in the pride and pomp of its power, was main-taining the religion of the majority by law. He sent no petitions to those in authority asking that Christianity be favored. He went on quietly with his work. His teachings and the tenor of all his life, from that day when the Holy Ghost rested upon his sacred head at Jordan to the time when that same head, bleeding from the crown of thorns, once more turned upward and cried, " Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do," was : " My kingdom is not of this world " ; " If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not ; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." To all his followers he said : " As my Father hatth sent me, even so send I you." " Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them." As long as the Golden Rule is heeded there will be no force employed in relig-ious matters. Mr. Chairman, I venture to say that very few of the would-be reformers of our State and nation by means of Sunday laws, or laws regulating and enforcing any other religious ob-servances, would want the legislature to pass a law coercing them on any point of religious faith and practise. Neither would they want to be compelled to do  any religious duty, no matter how much they might believe the tenet to be right. To compel a man who is not religious to act religious, instead of making him religious, makes him a hypocrite, and Christ said, " Woe unto you, Ł . . hypo-crites." If Christ pronounced a woe upon the hypocrites will he not pronounce a woe upon the members of his professed church who induce the state to make and enforce laws which make hypocrites? I repeat, the whole plan of legislating in matters religious is opposed to the spirit and genius of Christianity. One speaker asserted here to-day that Seventh-day Adventists are only about one-third of one per cent. of the people, and that as the great mass of the people believe in Sunday their will should ob-tain, as this is a country ruled by major-ities. Had I not heard similar expres-sions before I should be' astonished to hear it from one who calls himself an American and a Christian. Must a peo-ple wait till they constitute a majority before they have the right to worship God according to the dictates of con-science, and when they get to be the majority are they to legislate for the minority in religious matters? He who is called the father of this " land of the free," said : " Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable to God alone for his religious opinions, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience." But is a fact that the majority of the people favor this religious Sunday legis-lation ? Statistics show that not more than one-third of the people of this coun-try attend religious services. This means that not more than one-third of the people have enough regard for the " Lord's day " to go to church on that day. Shall this one-third of the people dictate to the other two-thirds how they shall use the day, and deny them the 