284 Ł THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. ical campaign now so near at hand, the civil author-ities will hesitate to adopt the same stern measures for preserving the peace they otherwise would, for fear of alienating the labor vote. Suggests an American Napoleon. A German paper, the "Bremen Weserzeitung" sees spectacular possibilities in the American trend toward imperialism. The United States, it says, is passing through a serious crisis. The coming presidential campaign, it believes, will decide the fate of the re-public, which, it holds, is in serious danger. "Full equality and true liberty, as they existed un-der the first presidents," the journal declares, "now have become legendary, and it is possible that modern republicanism may produce an ambitious president who shall repeat the role of the Great Napoleon." It is strange, but nevertheless true, that observers in other lands see more clearly than do the majority of Americans just what is involved in the changed atti-tude of this government toward the fundamental prin- ciples upon which it was established. B. The "Christian" Party. May 1st, the national assembly of the Christian Po-litical Union met at Rock Island, Ill. After discussing at length the theme, "The Principles of Christ: shall we apply them in concrete form to state and national governments ?" it was decided to launch a new political party, to be known as the "United Christian Party." May 2d, a platform was adopted and candidates for the presidency and vice-presidency were placed in nomination. The ticket is, For President, Rev. Silas C. Swallow, of Pennsylvania; for Vice-President, John G. Wooley, of Illinois. The platform says : "We believe the time has arrived when the eternal principles of justice, mercy and love as exemplified in the life and teachings of Jesus Christ should be em-bodied in the constitution of our nation and applied in concrete form to every function of our government principles. We maintain that this statement is in har-mony with the fundamental principles of our national common law, our Christian usages and customs, the declaration of the supreme court of the United States that this is a Christian country and the accepted prin-ciples in judicial decisions that no law shall contravene the divine law. "We deprecate certain immoral laws which have grown out of failure of our nation to recognize these principles, notably the permission of the desecration of the Christian Sabbath, authorized unscriptural mar-riage and divorce and the license and manufacture and sale of intoxicating liquors as a beverage." The platform also favors prohibiting the sale of cigarettes and tobacco to minors ; declares against war and for the arbitration of all national and international  disputes ; for the daily reading of the Bible in the public schools and all educational institutions under the con-trol of the state ; for government ownership of all pub-lic utilities, and favors the election of president, vice-president and United States senators by direct vote of the people. The advent of this party is significant, and we shall have more to say concerning it in the future. B. What it Really Means. fortis, Kans., April 18, 1900. Editor Sentinel of Liberty :Š I was interested in the letter which was sent you by a Baptist clergyman of Cleveland, Ohio. Now I believe there are many like him who "do not believe in trying to make people religious by civil legislation," yet who are working hand in hand with those who do believe in it. Allow me to quote from Rev. I. W. Hathaway, D. D., General Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, in his remarks at the Nashville Convention of Chris-tian Endeavor, as follows : "We are often told that we should not endeavor to promote Sabbath observance upon religious grounds with those who are not professed Christians, or who do not accept our religion or Bible. But we cannot ignore the fact that man is a religious creature ; and more, that he is a child of God ; and in connection with this the fact that the Sabbath is a divine institution, given of God to meet the innate demands of man's nature. If man shall reject God and turn from the truth, it will not change his nature nor his needs, nor can the purpose and nature of the Sabbath be changed to meet the conditions of his unbelief. . . . No Sabbath can long be maintained apart from its divine authority and sacred character. A secularized Sab-bath becomes a positive source of evil. God is less honored and Satan better served on a secularized Sab-bath than on any day of the week. "There is little, if any, physical rest in a secular Sabbath. A body, to be rested, must have the co-operation of a healthy mind and a clear conscience. Monday morning does not find the laborer recuperated for his task, either in brawn or brain, who has spent the Sabbath forgetful of his spiritual need, even though he may have refrained from all positive excess, save that of laziness, during the day." Now, what can Mr. Hathaway mean other than that a man must religiously observe the Sabbath to be rested for his work? While this may be all true enough, yet the question is, with him, "Shall we en-deavor to promote Sabbath observance upon religious grounds with those who are not professed Christians, or who do not accept our religion or Bible ?" 