SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the 1,  erns in most instances must he a here recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewLere in the paper. O " The Union Label League will make an effort to enforce Sunday closing at Sioux City," reports the Davenport (Iowa) Leader. The union barbers of Milwaukee, Wis., are strengthening their union with the intention of demanding Sunday closing in the near future. " All the drug stores were closed " in Wilkinsburg, Pa., on July 5. " Agita-tion of the Sunday law led to this," and " in this way it is expected to make the law unpopular." It was recently announced from Salem, Ind., that " the Sunday-closing advocates have won, and the town will be quiet hereafter on the Sabbath." Even the sale of cigars is to be prohibited. As the result of an agitation by the ministerial association and the anti-saloon league the authorities of Lockport, N. Y., recently directed the enforcement of the Sunday law against ball playing and saloons. The authorities of Princeton, Minn., are " vigorously enforcing the Sunday laws. One prominent citizen was pro-hibited from working in his dooryard on the Sabbath, and others have been warned that no labor will be tolerated." At New London, Conn., on July 6 David Miller, a tobacco dealer, was tried and fined for selling cigars on the pre-ceding day. The arrest followed an order from the mayor " that places of business should keep closed a part of Sun-day." The retail clerks' association of Port Jervis, N. Y., has petitioned the board of trustees of that village " to enforce the ordinances and laws against the sale of goods on Sunday," and the trustees have " referred the matter to the chief of police." The constable of El Campo, Texas, has announced " that the Sunday law will be enforced to the letter hereafter." " It is his purpose, by direction of county officers, to bring action against every vio-lator of this law, and to push each action to conviction." On complaint of a representative of the clerks' union, Isadore Michael, a clothier in Toledo, Ohio, was arrested on June 22. " The affidavit alleged that Michael vio-lated a State law by keeping his place of business open on Sunday, and this action is the first step toward enforcing the Sun-day law." The Sunday-enforcement movement at Beaumont, Texas, has spread to the ad-jacent place of Sour Lake. On June 25 a report from the latter place stated that " orders have been issued here closing everything on Sunday." " Dry goods merchants, fruit dealers, and even cigar dealers are not exempted." A. H. Lynn, proprietor of the barber shop in the Hotel Spokane, Spokane, Wash., was arrested a few weeks ago " for keeping his shop open on Sunday." The arrest was made under " the new Sunday barber law." It is expected that a test case will be made of the matter, and that " it will be carried to the supreme 