Tm rogillooll OF CBRUSTICV LLMER717 VoL. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1903 No. 7 " I adhere to the Declaration of Inde- pendence." 0 " Who shall say, ' I am the superior, and you are the inferior '? " " The doctrine of self-government is rightŠabsolutely and eternally right." ¢Ł " Repeal the Declaration of Indepen-dence Š repeal all past history Š you still cannot repeal human nature." O " Let us readopt the Declaration of In-dependence, and with it the practises and policy which harmonize with it." 4,  " According to our ancient faith, the just powers of government are derived from the consent of the governed." O " Let us turn this Government back into the channel in which the framers of the Constitution originally placed it." 4. " If we cannot give freedom to every creature, let us do nothing that will im-pose slavery upon any other creature." " Stand with anybody that stands right. Stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong." Ł " With the author of the Declaration of Independence, the policy of prohibit-ing slavery in new territory originated." " Let us have faith that right makes might; and in that faith let us to the end dare to do our duty as we under-stand it." " Slavery is founded in the selfishness of man's natureŠopposition to it, in his love of justice. These principles are in eternal antagonism." Ł " This is a world of compensation... Those who deny freedom to others, de-serve is not for themselves ; and, under a just God, cannot long retain it." O " I believe each individual is naturally entitled to do as he pleases with himself and the fruit of his labor, so far as it in nowise interferes with any other man's rights." 4 " I say that no man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent. I say this is the leading prin-ciple, the sheet-anchor of American re-publicanism." " When the white man governs him-self, that is self-government; but when he governs himself and also another man, that is more than self-government Šthat is despotism." " I have said that I do not understand the Declaration of Independence to mean that all men were created equal in all respects. But I suppose that it does mean 