72 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY not less than $25,000 a year has been the withdrawal of rations and clothing here-tofore furnished the Indian mission schools located in what are known as ' ration agencies.' " This is due to " a hurtful ruling " of the Attorney General that such issuance of rations " would certainly of fend the spirit of the acts of Congress, . . . for in saving the neces-sary expense of maintenance, it would have the beneficial effect of a direct ap-propriation." In this matter there now " remains no recourse but to apply to Congress for redress." Ł From the Roman Catholic standpoint it is no doubt true that " the Catholic Indian mission school is an absolute ne-cessity," but the very reasons by which this necessity is demonstrated show con-clusively that the Government should have nothing to do with supporting these schools, but that they should be left en-tirely to Roman Catholic support. The terrible burden of the European military establishments and the fact that they are dangerous to the liberty of the people in general is a matter of common remark. It is not so commonly known that the conscription system which is em-ployed in maintaining these establish-ments is continually forcing honest, up-right, conscientious individuals to suffer for conscience sake. They must either set aside their conscientious convictions or else suffer imprisonment. We find these two instances reported in a recent issue of the Christian Work and Evan-gelist: A young Swiss conscript, a tinsmith of the Canton of Zurich, recently refused to take part in military drill on Saturday, being a Seventh-day Adventist. He was condemned to six nights in the guard house, at the end of which time, still refusing, and asserting that in time of war he would not pull trigger on the sev-enth day, he has been condemned to ten weeks of prison. Whereupon the Semaine Religieuse, of Geneva, remarks that there is a lack of nec- essary pliability in a law which cannot main-tain military discipline without depriving the country of the service of a class who in other respects are model citizens. Another instance is interesting. A young Spanish soldier of Protestant convictions de-clared on joining the regiment that his con-science forbade him to kneel at the elevation of the host. He was condemned to six months of arrest. However, he was spared this penalty by reason of the amnesty proclaimed by the young king on his accession. Last summer the Paris correspondent of the London Daily Chronicle described the cases of four young Frenchmen who were then in prison for refusing, as a. matter of conscience, to carry arms. One of them was sentenced to two years' im-prisonment, another to three years', and another, after serving a sentence of twoŁ years' imprisonment, was sentenced again to the same punishment because he still refused to bear arms. All were " per-fectly docile till the question of bearing arms was raised." At this point one of them " meekly replied " : " I cannot. Je-sus Christ has said, Thou shalt not and, ' Love one another.' I am bound, as a Christian, to obey Him." When one of them was sentenced by the court mar-tial he calmly remarked that he was condemned because he declined to be a murderer." These young men were not together, but took this stand alone, and it seems made no effort to pose as mar-tyrs, but showed that they were willing to suffer in silence for conscience sake. It is indeed refreshing and encouraging, as remarked by the Present Truth, of London, to know that there are such men in the world. The Paris correspondent to whom we have referred called attention to an interesting fact. He said that during the French Revolution " the Com-mittee of Public Safety exempted the Anabaptists from carrying arms, out of regard for their humanitarian scruples," and that the document, which is in pos-session of the French Government to-day, 