566  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tial, provided one day in seven or a seventh part of time be kept holy." This allegation has already been refuted by the testimony of the witness called to prove that any sabbath day has been ap-pointed by divine authority. But, let me ask, who says the particular day is not essential ? The alleged command says no such thing. Has God said so ? When did infinite wisdom find it necessary to change the Sabbath day ? Where is the new command to be found by which God substituted the first for the seventh day of the week to be kept holy as a sabbath day ? To whom did He com-municate it? On whose authority but that of man and statute law are we directed to keep Sunday as a religious sabbath day? Leaving these questions for the present to be answered by those who can best do it to their own satisfaction, I will pro-ceed and admit, with a view to showing that such admission would not in one iota relieve the law in question from the character imputed to it, that " the par-ticular day is not essential, provided one day in seven or a seventh part of time be kept holy as a sabbath." This is only getting over one difficulty to become in-volved in another. If the position now taken is insisted on, then the other, viz. the alleged divine appointment of the first or any other particular day in the week as holy time must be relinquished. In fact the ground now taken admits that God appointed no particular day of the week to be kept holy as a sabbath day. The inference is obvious, unavoidable and fatal that work or play on the first day are not acts immoral in themselves (mala in se), and the law under con-sideration interdicting them as such is therefore founded on palpable error. Again, if God by His alleged command instituted a sabbath, and omitted to desig-nate the particular day of the week to be observed as holy time, by whose author- ity, permit me again to ask, is the first day appointed for that purpose ? To whom did He give the right or. delegate the power to designate any particular day as the Sabbath of the Lord ? Certainly not to civil government, all will allow who are not prepared to embrace the political religious dogmas of the " Holy Alliance " of church and state. God did not command civil government to keep a sabbath, nor authorize our legislature to appoint a day. The alleged command, if given at all, was given to man, and not to political government; and if God, as is now alleged, did not name the par-ticular day of the week to be kept holy as a sabbath, reason and common sense would say that He left that matter to the choice and convenience of those to whom His commandment is addressed, and on whom alone it could be of any moral obligationÑthat is, MAN. If then God gave to man the right to choose the day, He gave to each man alike the equal right to choose for himself. And here we take our stand, and shall maintain that God has given to each man the equal right to judge in this matter for himself, and to choose any day or any time he in his conscience may think the best to rest from labor and offer prayer, praise, and gratitude to the great first universal and invisible Cause of life, to whom, and to whom only, man is accountable for his opinions in matters of religion. Yes, that it is the natural right of every man to choose for himself will be maintained until by some special word of God (not of man) it shall appear that He gave to some men not only the right to choose for themselves, but also for their neigh-bors, and to coerce them to keep a sab-bath chosen by another; and until it shall also be proved on what particular man or class of men He has conferred these double rights, leaving others destitute of any. It may perhaps be said that each in- 