EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 87 Catholic ChurchŠthe lack of a recog-nized and organized Catholic opinion, and the lack of an organ to disseminate such an opinion." The federation, he said, would "crystallize and dissemi-nate the opinions of the Church on such questions as divorce and education." It is unnecessary to say to those who are at all informed in the matter that the " dissemination " of an "organized Catholic opinion" by the American Federation of Catholic Societies will not be the mere dissemination of the opinions of "the Church;" it will be to compel, by political methods, acquies-cence in these opinions and their adop-tion in practise. As to the aim of the federation in the matter of "educa-tion," the bishop said : Retain the present public school sys-tem, but do not bar Catholics out of their rights as citizens. The federation has taken an admirable stand on this question. Its platform is : That there shall be no public moneys paid out for religious instruction in any school. But let the state examine our schools, and if on examination it is found that we are giving the children an education which comes up to the requirements of the state, then let the state pay for it. The comment made by the New York Times on this is to the point : We are convinced that the principle advocated by the confederation is es-sentially unsound. Logically applied it would require a division of the school fund among all sects that choose to maintain schools of their own, Cath-olic, Protestant, Hebrew, Christian Scientist, Mormon, and even Atheistic, if a society of Atheists should care to found schools. The state provides sec-ular education for all whose parents choose to send their children to the pub-lic schools. The education of those schools should be absolutely secu-lar, leaving religious training to such agencies as the parents may prefer to employ at home or elsewhere. That is -the only ground on which the schools  can be made available for all on equit-able conditions. However, the Times thinks "this ex-planation  by Bishop McFaul of the policy of the American Federation of Catholic societies is entitled to respect and to candid consideration," and "is a policy which the confederation clearly has the right to propose and to promote by public discussion and by all the legitimate methods of influenc-ing public opinion," and adds: We do not in the least question the sincerity or the patriotism of those to whom this policy appeals, and we can quite understand the feeling of resent-ment they harbor toward the opposite policy, which seems to them one of in-justice, since they are obliged to aid in supporting schools to which they can-not conscientiously send their children. We can quite understand this feeling too, and do not question the sincerity of those who advocate this policy, but could hardly grant their patriotism in the matter. Certainly Roman Catho-lics clearly have the right to propose and to promote by public discussion and by all the legitimate methods of influencing public opinion this policy, but what people have the right to do and what they should do are not always the same. Catholics have thd legal and social right to do this, but they should not do it. But the policy which the American Federation of Catholic So-cieties has now openly announced to the American people as one which it shall do everything in its power to have adopted in this country, is the Catholic scheme in its mildest and least offensive form; it is the head of the camel of state support of Roman Catho-lic teaching. And this camel will never be satisfied until he is entirely within the tent. What the Catholic Church is aiming at and proposes to secure in this matter was boldly declared by 