TWO NEWSPAPERS ON RELIGION AND THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS 619 This is in the Journal's vigorous and characteristic editorial style, and in this instance its vigor is well-directed, though it is inclined to exaggerate somewhat the value of the public school. But, if by attacks upon the American public school is meant such attacks as that resented in this instanceŠattacks for the purpose of having religious teaching introduced in themŠthere is no exaggeration on any of the other points made. The " dis-tinguished clergyman " referred to was Roman Catholic Bishop McFaul, head of the American Federation of Catholic So-cieties. His utterance and the circum-stances of its deliverance are given else-where. The religious schools which Mur-taugh and Czolgosz attended were Roman Catholic religious schools ; the religious institution in which the young woman spoken of received her education was a Roman Catholic religious institution. These examples should give Mr. McFaul and others like him something to think about, for in the light of them certain big assumptions of theirs need consider-able toning down. No newspaper in the country takes more interest in and gives more attention to matters of public interest in which re-ligion figures than the New York Sun, and the Sun is especially interested in this question of religion and the public schools. From editorials bearing on this question which it has published in the last few months, and which relate especially to conditions in New York, we select the following : The question of religious education for the public schools is interesting many of our cor-respondents. Whenever this question is raised in our columns there at once pours in on us a flood of correspondence on the subject. Mr. Green, a teacher, argues that some sort of religious training is necessary for the full de-velopment of a child's character; but what sort shall it be, asks another correspondent, in a community of Christians and Jews, Catholics, Protestants and infidels? Still another ques- tions if the actual results of the religious teach-ing in the Catholic parochial schools are as good as those in the public schools. The question of Bible reading in the public schools, once a cause of bitter controversy be-tween Catholics and Protestants, has now been succeeded by the beginning of what may be a considerable controversy over the schools be-tween Christians and Jews. The Charter of the City of New York pro-vides for the reading of the Bible in the public schools, but to whom the selection of the ver-sion of the Bible to be used is to be intrusted does not appear. Obviously some English ver-sion must be used in the schools. Nor is there any definition of the " Holy Scriptures," though there are differences of canon which sharply divide the religious world. The Jew-ish canon, of course, excludes the New Testa-ment. The Roman Catholic canon differs from the Protestant. The Bible as it exists in the King James translation is received as canon-ically complete by Protestants generally, but not by the majority of Christendom and by the majority of Christian believers in New York. Accordingly, in times past, opposition to the reading of the Bible in the King James ver-sion has come from Roman Catholics, but of late years we have heard little of it, probably because that church welcomes any sort of rec-ognition of religion in the schools, and its canon of the Scriptures includes all those in that version, although the form of the transla-tion does not receive its approval. The State Superintendent of Public Instruction avers, moreover, that during the seventeen years of his connection with that department he has " never known of an appeal or protest from any inhabitant of the city of New York with reference to reading the Bible in the public schools of that city, although it has been daily read in every one therein during all that period." We observe, however, that the Jewish inhabi-tants of New York, increased rapidly from a comparatively small number to five or six hundred thousand, or about one quarter of the total population of the Manhattan borough, where they live almost wholly, are now be-ginning to make protests. A writer from the Ghetto, in a recent number of the American Hebrew, complains bitterly of the "missionary campaign " for the propagation of Christianity among the Jews which, he alleges, is carried on by " some of the public school principals." He instances a school on the 'East Side, with 