NOTE AND COMMENT On Sunday, March 9, the French Chamber of Deputies held two lengthy sittings, which is said to have been an unusual proceeding. The physicians who attended Presi-dent McKinley during the week preced-ing his death have presented a bill to Congress approximating $50,000. The Empress Dowager of China has issued an edict forbidding hereafter the cruel practise of footbinding, which cus-tom has so long been inflicted upon the girls of China. The ,Patrick-Rice murder trial which has been in progress in this, city for nine weeks will cost the State, it is said, for expert testimony, photographs, printing, witnesses and court expenses, about $250,000. Two reconcentrado camps are main-tained in Batangas province, Philippine Islands. There are 6,000 Filipinos in one camp and 19,000 in the. other. The camps are said to be kept in excellent sanitary condition, and the inmates are reported to be "healthy and contented." The War Secretary of England has submitted to the House of Commons what is said to be "one of the boldest and most comprehensive schemes of army reform ever presented to Parliament." One lead-ing feature is an increase of the rate of pay for English soldiers, and it is ex-pected that in this way a resort to con-scription will be avoided. The temporary remedy means an additional annual ex- pense for the support of the army of about $10,000,000. Ł Referring to "the dreams of Cecil Rhodes of an occupation of the whole of Africa by the English, the entering wedge to be the railway from Cairo to the Cape," the New York Times says: "Had it not been for this ambition, it is safe to say there would have been no South African war in our time." The Times is not a Boer sympathizer. Russia and France have issued a joint declaration to the effect that the Anglo-Japanese agreement is in accord with their own policy in the far East. Russia especially declares that she has invaria-bly had in view the maintenance of peace in that part of the world, and that she desires the maintenance of the indepen-dence and integrity of both. China and Korea. Three Vatican officials were on trial in Rome on March 20 on the charge /of stealing $80,000 of the Pope's personal funds. This is said to be the first time in the history of the Papacy that a Pope has turned to a secular tribunal for jus-tice. The Pope keeps large sums of money in his private apartments, and has suffered from the cupidity of attendants at other times in recent years. "The incentives, inspiration, and force which the Word of God supplies to per-sonal action" were dwelt upon by Capt. Alfred T. Mahan in an address before the graduating class at the West Point Military Academy on March 14. "The 