The Sunday Closing Crusade in Chicago By the A  SUNDAY closing campaign of un- usual vigor and significance is being prosecuted in Chicago.. It has been pushed almost entirely by unions or or-ganizations of various sorts, and since there is no law at present that can be in-voked in that city for compelling stores and shops to close on Sunday, these or-ganizations have been in about the same position with reference to what they de-sired as are labor unions usually with reference to the demands that they make. Having no law to back up their demand and to compel concession to it, they have been left to their own resources and methods to accomplish their object. And they have in a marked manner followed the methods of striking workmen. Back in August the retail clerks began "a campaign of sentiment" for Sunday closing of stores. In September their or-ganization, the Federated Clerks' Coun-cil, requested the ministers of the city to preach on the subject, and "to urge their congregations not to buy on Sun-day, and to refuse to patronize stores that keep open on that day.." On Sunday, September 28, the pastors of six Meth-odist Episcopal churches, three Baptist, three Episcopal, and one Congregational church, preached in response to this re-quest, and no doubt more did so who were not reported. About the middle of October the Amalgamated Association of Butchers and Meat Cutters began an agitation for Sunday closing of meat markets. Shortly after this wholesale and retail butchers and grocers in the downtown district organized the Butchers' and Grocers' Protective Association, "having for its object the closing of stores on Editor Sunday," and intending "ultimately to embrace all meat markets and groceries in Chicago." On October 28, in response to an appeal from the clerks' federation, the Baptist Ministers' Association, "num-bering 300 pastors of Chicago churches," "agreed to use their influence against groceries and meat markets which do not close on Sundays," and "a resolution pledging a boycott was unanimously adopted" by them. On November i the clerks' organization "sent a circular to all trade unions of the city asking for help." This action and the wording of the circular itself had "the backing of the Chicago and Illinois State Federations of Labor." A portion of the circular read as follows, the rest of it being an appeal to the spirit of unionism, asking all trade unionists to stand by the clerks in their fight for Sunday closing : One of the principles of our organization is shortening the hours of labor and securing Sunday as a day of rest. We have started a Sunday closing campaign and hope with the assistance of organized labor, the clergy, and fraternal societies to eliminate the Sunday work. There are thousands of clerks in this city (both male and female) who are compelled to work from early morning until 9 and Io o'clock three nights in the week, and until II :3o Satur-day nights, and from 7:30 A.M. to i P.M. on Sunday, thus depriving these clerks from at-tending religious services on Sunday or par-ticipating in the innocent pleasures of life, or using Sunday as a day of rest and recreation. The next day, Sunday, November 3, the movement got under way in real earnest. Union clerks, barbers, and meat cutters, attended by members of other unions that sympathized with them, pa-raded the streets, and Sunday closing 