134 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY den to engage in them because of the " sacred character" of the day. The "Lord's Day" Laws are a Violation of the Declaration of Rights of the Consti-tution of the State An important fact in this whole Sun-day question, and one that is worthy of careful consideration is : The citizens of Maine are denied the right of judgment as to which day of the week is the Sabbath, or Lord's day. This is a direct violation of the Decla-ration of Rights of the State, which de-clares : No one shall be hurt, molested, or restrained, in his person, liberty, or estate, for worship-ing God in the manner and season most agree-able to the dictates of his own conscience; or for his religious profession or sentiments; pro-vided he doth not disturb the public peace, or obstruct others in their religious worship. ŠArt. 1, Sec. 3. Here it is stated plainly that no subject is to be injured or molested in any degree whatever for worshiping God in the man-ner and season most agreeable to the dic-tates of his conscience. Yet in the face of theseŁ plain statements of the Declara-tion of Rights, the " Lord's day " laws have been enacted which deny to the citizens of the State the rights which are guaranteed to them in the Constitution of the State, namely, the right to worship God in the manner and season most agreeable to the dictates of their own consciences, by compelling them to wor-ship God by abstaining from labor and amusements upon a day dictated to them by the State. That this statement is true is seen in the meaning of the term wor-ship, which is defined by our best lexicog-raphers to mean : " To respect, to honor ; to treat with civil reverence."ŠWebster. " To regard with respect and deference : honor."ŠStandard Dictionary. That this is the object of the prohibition of labor and amusements on Sunday is evident  from the provisions of the Act, which prohibits games, sports, and entertain-ments except those of a sacred character, and all labor except that which is neces-sary, and all for avowed purpose that the day might be treated with respect, honor and reverence ; and this is worship ac-corded to the author of the sacredness of the day, and as there are many who be-lieve that man and not God is the author of Sunday " sacredness," as there is ab-solutely no scripture for it, therefore to compel them to worship on Sunday by abstaining from labor and amusements, is to compel them to worship man, con-trary to the teachings of the Word of God. " Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God and him only shalt thou serve." For the State to designate a particular day of the week, and decide a religious controversy by declaring it to be the Lord's day, thereby denying to the people of the State the right of choice as to which day is the Lord's day, and to com-pel the citizens of the State to worship on that particular day by abstaining from both labor and amusements so that the day may be treated with respect, honor, and reverence, is a plain violation of the provision in the Declaration of Rights which guarantees the right to worship in the manner and season most agreeable to the dictates of the conscience. The declaration of Rights declares you may choose your own season for worship. The " Lord's day" laws say you shall not, the State will choose it for you. While the exemption clause partly ex-empts those who observe the seventh day, yet the fact remains that the provision guaranteed in the Declaration of Rights is violated in the Sunday laws, even if all were agreed as to the day. The right of choice is a sacred one, either to choose which day of the week is sacred, or whether every day, or no day, is sacred. 