NOT IN THE INTERESTS OF THE MASSES 201 United States, in order that she may do now for this nation what she has done for others in the past. Yet this is only one item in the account  of that two-thirds papal commission from the United States government to the Vatican. There are others that tell even more than this in that same direction. Not in the Interests of the Masses THE champions of Sunday enforce-ment, who are of course almost invari-ably clergymen, make great professions of solicitude for the " toiling masses." According to them the work of " saving the Sabbath " by law is a work in behalf of the " poor workingman," and they are moved to engage in it because of the great burden they have for his welfare. They would save him from " slavery," and afford him opportunity for rest and recreation after his six days of toil, and, above all, opportunity for the cultivation of his intellectual and moral faculties. Now the truth is that this profession is in most instances the merest pretense. If their interest in the matter were in-deed inspired by a genuine and sincere desire for the betterment of the condi-tion of the masses, the clerical advocates of Sunday enforcement would jump at the chance of putting into effect in the cities such suggestions as the following, which were made through the press early last year, when the Sunday question was being agitated in New York, by the late Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton : The laboring class seems to be the class that the majority of the people who are now talk-ing on the Sunday laws propose to benefit. . . . My idea is to close the saloon on Sun-day altogether. I would provide in its place an attraction greater than the saloon for the masses of the people. I would have concert halls, properly supervised, opened on Sunday, where the laboring man and his family might listen to good music and enjoy themselves in a rational way. I would have theatres of the better class, where moral plays are produced, opened on Sunday in a cosmopolitan city like New York. . . . As it is now, it is impos-sible for the poor man with a family to secure the proper recreation, and, of course, the sa- loons profit accordingly. The laboring classes should have comfort and recreation, and their homes should be improved, and they should have more and better education. If they could be told the laws of life, then they would not be rushing to saloons as at the present time. We must give the people some-thing else to divert their minds. If they went to the theatres, where everything was lighted up and beautiful in general, and to concerts where good music could be heard free, they would not go to saloons, to which they are now driven through the lack of other amuse-ment, for the lack of education, for the lack of recreation, and for the lack of decent homes. Another thing I would like to see done in New York and the other large cities of the country is the throwing open of the schoolhouses on Sunday for the education of the masses on an entirely new planŠa plan that would attract them and interest them. For this special pur-pose I would have learning simplified and adapted to the uneducated thousands who have had no opportunity to take even a common school course. I would enroll, for example, intelligent men and women as volunteer teach-ers, of the same type and with the same en-thusiasm as those wko now become mission-aries to the heathen of the Old World. Having secured the schoolhouses and the teachers, I would invite the men, women and children from their gloomy homes in the slums of our large cities and gather them in these schools on Sunday afternoons and evenings, and in a simple and interesting way, illustrated with maps, charts, manikins, etc., impart informa-tion that could not help but interest and would surely elevate. The information would be con-veyed on a scale adapted to the understanding of the audience. It would be a combination of education and entertainment. . . . There could probably also be introduced in these Sunday entertainments for the masses in our schoolhouses suitable musical features. I think an excellent idea to help solve this Sunday question would be the bringing to-gether of the great masses of the people of little means and the great free institutions of art, natural history, etc., provided by the cities 