340 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY responsibility, of becoming father to such laws. While that is true the success of the Prohibition Party is a menace to religious freedom. While that menace remains we are not ready for success. While that menace remains the rum trade will still grind out its broken laws and broken hearts and broken men. When the men who shape the policy of the Prohibition Party have that fact ir- revocably burned into their souls, so that they shall forever refuse to be a party to such legislation, then shall we be ready to do battle and win, with the strongest Ally in the universe to fight with us. Repeal the Sunday law entire and get down to the rock bottom of God's own law for God's own Sabbath. Then build a morality for the people that shall reach to HeavenŠnot stop at the saloon. "Feudal America" [Selected from an article entitled "The Next Step: A Benevolent Feudalism," by Mr. W. J. Ghent, published in The Independent of April 3. Although this matter may, at first thought, seem somewhat un-related to the general theme of this magazine, we feel that the readers of THE SENTINEL will be glad to have it presented here and will appreciate its importance. See editorial, "The Economic and Industrial Unrest."ŠEfirroa.] THE next distinct stage in the socio-economic evolution of America may be something entirely different from any of the forms usually predicted. An-archist prophecies are, of course, futile; and the Tolstoyan Utopia of a return to primitive production, with its prodigal waste of effort and consequent impover-ishment of the race, allures but few minds. The Kropotkinian dream of a communistic union of shop industry and agriculture is of a like type ; and well-nigh as barren are the Neo-Jeffersonian visions of a general revival of small-farm and small-shop production and the dominance of a middle-class democ-racy. . . . Whatever the more distant future may bring to pass, there is but lit-tle evidence to prove that collectivism will be the next status of society. Rather, that coming status, of which the con-tributing forces are now energetically at work and of which the first phases are already plainly observable, will be some-thing in the nature of a Benevolent Feudalism. That the concentration of capital and  the increase of individual holdings of wealth will continue is almost unani-mously conceded. . . . Only re-cently Prof. John B. Clark, doubtless our most distinguished representative of the orthodox economists, declared, in the pages of The Independent, that "the world of the near future . . . will present a condition of vast and ever-growing inequality. . . . The rich will continually grow richer, and the multi-millionaires will approach the bil-lion-dollar standard." It is a view that needs no particular buttressing of authority, for it is held by most of those who seriously scan the outlook. Ł Ł The tendencies thus make, on the one hand, toward the centralization of vast power in the hands of a few menŠthe morganization of industry, as it wereŠand on the other, toward a vast increase in the number of those who compose the economically dependent classes. The lat-ter number is already stupendous. The laborers and mechanics were long ago brought under the yoke through their 