- SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  589 Sunday ball playing." "A number of prominent divines of the city took part in the conference, discussing at length the subject of the desecration of the Sabbath and violation of State statutes." A com-mittee was appointed "to take- proper ac-tion," the first step being "to communi-cate to Governor Odell the request that Sheriff Cooper be removed from office for inactivity in enforcing the law rela-tive to the playing of baseball on Sun-day." Three newsboys were recently arrested in Syracuse, N. Y., on complaint of "a citizen who alleged that the selling of newspapers by the boys on the streets Sunday morning interfered with his comfort." The justice mildly reprimand-ed the boys and allowed them to go. The Syracuse Standard says "it would seem to be a poor and unworthy policy which seeks to prohibit newsboys from plying their honorable and commendable vocation on any day in the week." A number of clergymen were asked to ex-press an opinion on the matter, but in each case "wished to be excused from making any statement." If reports are correct there is very scant mail service on Sundays at Morris- town, N. J., and this will continue if the zealous friends of the Sunday institution in that place can have their way. A short time ago it was announced by the postmaster that Sunday mail service be-tween Morristown and New York would be instituted, and that there would be one collection on that day by local car-riers. This aroused "ministers and other church people," who "sent telegrams to Washington protesting against what they called a desecration of the Sabbath." The result was that an order was soon posted rescinding the previous order for Sunday mail service. Under the inspiration and leadership of "Rev. 0. R. Miller, of the Pennsyl-vania Reform Bureau," representatives of the local churches of Homestead, Pa., met at the Methodist church on the even-ing of June 3o and discussed "the ques-tion of obtaining a better Sabbath ob-servance." Of course Mr. Miller made the principal speech, and "spoke strongly in favor of it [better "Sabbath" obser-vance]." A committee was appointed to visit the mayor and "have him put a stop to the selling of soda-water, candy, fruits, cigars, and the crying of news-papers on Sunday." What great and soul-stirring "reforms" this "Reform" Bureau does set on foot ! On June 3o the Monroe (Wis.) County Fair Association adopted a reso-lution "strictly forbidding Sunday base-ball playing on the fair grounds" in To-mah. On the preceding Sunday a game was in progress on the grounds, which the president of the association made an unsuccessful attempt to stop. His action was unanimously endorsed by the associa-tion. Of course the owners or managers of grounds have a perfect right to re-fuse to allow them to be used for Sunday ball playing or any other purpose, and it is strange that the ball people were able to commence a game on them at all in view of the evident strong opposition to anything of the kind by the fair as-sociation. A new mayor of New Castle, Pa., has signalized his entrance into office by the inauguration of a Sunday-enforcement regime, and it is said that everything will be stopped and closed on Sundays but street-cars, churches and restaurants, and a paper in aneighboring city remarks that "it behooves all persons with open countenances to give New Castle a wide 