7The coffoell OF CHRUSTillYf LE3,0077 VoL. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1903 No. 15     A majority has no more right to do in-justice than has a minority. By "justice " the Papacy means special favor for herself regardless of the rights of others. More important than what the major-ity thinks and does is what the majority should think and do. Sunday legislation is the only " civil " legislation that the churches and religious societies make any great stir about. Legislation concerning " the observ-ance" of Sunday or any other day is al-together out of place on civil statute books. 4, Government is an instrument for re-straining those who would wrong others ; not an instrument for wronging some at the behest of others. .0 A Sunday or " Lord's day " law de-termines for the people the manner and season in which they shall worship the Lord by Sabbath observance. Ł It is not a right but a day, a religious observance, that the advocates of Sunday legislation desire to have the law "main-tain," " guard," and " protect." To deprive Sunday legislation of its re-ligious character would be to deprive the friends of such legislation of all motive  and inspiration for proclaiming it to be wholly civil. sti If it is right and just to relieve sev-enth-day observers from the requirement to observe Sunday, then it is wrong and unjust not to relieve all other persons who do not hold to Sunday as the Lord's day. It is better to be with " only one-third of one per cent. of the people " and be standing for right and principle, than to be with the ninety-nine and two-thirds per cent. and be upholding and defending abuse, injustice, and wrong. 4, The advocates of Sunday legislation would prevent the " degradation of Sun-day into a day of idleness" by " prohibit-ing with adequate penalties all unneces-sary labor and business" on that day ! These people certainly have queer ways of doing things. When the United States decided to govern its dependencies outside the Con-stitution it gave the Papacy a mighty van-tage ground, which she has not been slow to perceive and take advantage of. Read the article on " The Supremacy of the Pa-pacy " this week. Representatives of the Papacy in the United States hold that the principle of separation of church and state does not apply " among a people unanimously of 