696  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY notified the case to Ismid, whence it was notified to the minister of the police. As Bro. K. was gone, Sister Aznive was called and dealt with rather harshly by the police court. She was asked to give a bail-bond not to speak about this new religion and not to go out of Constanti-nople. She refused both. Thank the Lord she was allowed to go free. The work in Seuleuz has stirred the bisphoric of Broussa. The bishop went to Seuleuz and threatened our brethren. Seeing that they stood fast in their faith he wrote a false complaint against them to the vali of Broussa, as if they were disturbing the peace of the people. Soon all the brethren were arrested and sent to Broussa. The vali investigated the matter, but found no fault in them. At that time the Protestants of Seuleuz and Broussa acted in favor of our brethren, and so the vali let¥ them go free. They went back into their village in safety, but the Armenians and the bishop do not stop their course of enmity. There was a brother from Bardizag working at Seu-leuz a few months later. They made a complaint against him, and he was ar-rested, investigated, and, being a stran-ger in the village, was at once sent back to Bardizag in the company of a soldier. Last year about this time six Sabbath keepers at Adana. Cilicia, were together in worship on a Sabbath day, when a po-liceman came in and took them to the police court. This court had them all de-livered to the legal court to be tried and judged. In two days their secret trial was done, and all were sent away until the time of their judgment. This year the legal court appointed the day of their judgment, and called them to appear in court on May 29. All were cleared ex-cept the one in whose house the meetings were held, he being fined. As no public worship can be carried on except by re-ligious bodies authorized by the govern- ment, and as Sabbath keepers have been denied such authorization, their meetings are illegal, and the man in whose house the meetings are held is held responsible. Our brethren continue the meetings. The readers of THE SENTINEL will re-member that a seventh-day observer in Constantinople was arrested last year through the misrepresentation by the po-lice of some portions of the Review and Herald, received from the United States. The police court took the case and re-ferred it to the legal court while holding our brother in prison. The legal court had the matter that had been objected to translated, and found nothing that could be construed as being against the gov-ernment. The item ahnouncing that the Sultan had at last paid the money due to the United States was not considered a harmful thing, and the article headed, "The Macedonian Cry," was found to have no reference to the modern Mace-donian question. So the Review and Herald was vindicated, and the brother released. But the General Plaintiff re-ferred the case to the higher court, claim-ing that the Review and Herald contained harmful words against the government and that our brother must be punished. After a careful investigation by the high-er court he was found guiltless. So the Review and Herald was cleared in the higher court also. Now the General Plaintiff, not content with the decision, has raised the case to the supreme court. We look for the end with much interest. From this one may see the condition of things in this country. A policeman can take any trifling thing into his hands and threaten to deliver you to the government in order to get money from you, and when he is not satisfied you find yourself in the prison as a revolutionist. In the legal court you may clear yourself, but the policeman goes unpnnished. I can recall now very distinctly a case of this 