WHAT MAJORITY RULE IN RELIGIOUS THINGS MEANS 587 of sincerity, majority, or antiquity, will never find it on earth. This is amply true of the present and all past ages. There are sincere Turks, Jews, pagans, infidels. There are many ancient errors, heresies, and sects. And as for majorities, from Enoch till now they have generally, if not always, been wrong in religion. Where was the majority when Noah was build-ing the ark? when Abraham forsook Ur of the Chaldees ? when Lot abandoned Sodom? when Moses forsook Egypt? when Elijah witnessed against Ahab? when Daniel and his companions were captives in Babylon ? when Malachi wrote? when the Baptist preached? when Christ was crucified? when the apostles and many of the first Christians were per-secuted ? "2  Let those ponder this who have been wont to insist that the majority should rule in religious things. John Locke, the great Christian phi-losopher, says : " An error is not better for being common, nor the truth for having lain neglected; and if it were put to vote anywhere in the world, I doubt, as things are managed, whether truth would have a majority, at least while the authority of men, and not the examination of things, must be its measure."2  This doctrine of majority rule is the strength of error but the weakness of truth. God says : " Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil ; neither shalt thou speak in a cause to decline after many to wrest judgment." Ex. 23: 2. Each one has the right and is commanded to prove all things, and hbld fast that which is  good. And the test by which all beliefs and doctrines are to be proved is not the voice of the multitude, but the word of God. " To the law and to the testimony ; if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them." Isa. 8: 20. If the opinion of the majority settles what is right in religion, then the pagans should keep to their creed, Protes-tants should go back to Catholicism, and Catholicism to the paganism out of which it came. But to reason thus is unworthy any one with a Bible in his hand or a head on his shoulders. But such is the logic, and such the prac-tical and inevitable conclusions, of the principle that the majority should rule in .religious things. It destroys individual responsibility and ignores the right of private judgment. It implies the right to use force in religion, and to coerce the conscience. It can result only in religious persecution, or in habits of hypocrisy and meanness. It is utterly inconsistent with the principle of religious liberty, and with the numerous and well-attested examples in which God has vindicated those who utterly ignored it. It is unworthy any one who prizes his rights and his liberties, or places any real value upon the religion which he professes. In civil affairs the majority of to-day may be the minority to-morrow. Therefore, he who adopts the principle of majority rule in religious things thereby places himself under the obligation to change his religious profes-sion and opinions with every change of political or national fortune. He gives up his rights ; he sells his soul. A clergyman in Chicago recently ad-dressed these words to his Sunday con-gregation : I would have every Christian man go to the polls to-morrow as much from a sense of a" Debate with Bishop Purcell," p. 295. " Essay on " Human Understanding." Christian duty as he would go to a prayer meeting, and record his ballot as an act of worship before the great God of justice and truth. An election contest, as a general rule, simply offers a man an opportunity to be a co-worker with a political party, not with the Lord. The candidates for office 