PHILADELPHIA SUNDAY-ENFORCEMENT CRUSADE HALTED 59 bacco on Saturday if they must have them on Sunday. It is really the buyer that is cruel, robbing the poor of a day of rest. Certainly if there are, as is asserted, "laws of righteousness" that are "in-dependent of God," the "law of right-eousness" for which the champions of Sunday observance stand is one of them. God has never perceived this "law," however; there is no command of His with which it harmonizes. It seems to be intimated by the writer that if God "as Supreme Ruler should tell us" that non-observance of the so-called "Lord's Day" would not meet Ł with His approval, "we could scarcely worship Him in spirit and in truth" in consequence any more. We know that the devotion of many to the Sunday idol is very great, but we hope that none are ready to go this far in the matter. Another correspondent wrote : I have been acquainted with the Public Ledger since childhood, and a reader for many years. With Dr. Jan-vier, I must say I am "in hearty accord with the position it takes on most pub-lic questions," but I am grieved and disappointed with its present attitude toward the Sabbath observance ques-tion. You say : "It is idleness and folly to busy ourselves with trivial offenses while the great evils remain uncor-rected." In reply to this I would like to ask, Is anything trivial in God's sight? Is it not the "little foxes that spoil the vine"? . . . Why not help and encourage the Committee of Fifty in its work ? . . . Before the laws of 1794 were enacted, God's command was, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." This communication, as do the others, exhibits clearly the fact that this mat-ter of Sunday-law enforcement as viewed by those -who indorse and ad-vocate it is a matter of religion. And that is the vital fact in the whole mat-ter. The communications are of value because of the service they render  in this respect. Carl G. Petri, of Fay-ette, N. Y., wrote among other things : It must be admitted that the attempt to bring small violators of the law to terms, while grosser crimes go unpun-ished, is unfortunate. But the failure to punish gamblers or gross transgress-ors of the Sabbath does not make the attempt to preVent small violations of the Sabbath wrong. We do not think that a happy method of reasoning. Our country is not governed on the prin-ciple that all lesser crimes shall go un-molested until all greater breaches of the law have been punished, is it? It is indeed unfortunate that the poorer classes must be made examples so that the Sabbath may be kept in reverence, but some must suffer in order that the existence of the Sabbath observance statute be kept in mind. . . . If the little shopkeeper is allowed to keep his place of business open on Sunday unmolested, in time his competitor who has a store somewhat larger will keep his establishment open so as not to lose his trade, and so on in ever widening circles until, in the process of years, Sunday would no longer be even a con-venience. There is something about this that is suggestive of a certain notable utter-ance : "It is expedient for us that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not." H. E. Pickett, of Philadelphia, wrote : I have always been an admirer of the Public Ledger, and both in private and public have recommended it as the purest and best daily paper in the city. . . . But I must protest against the truth of your statement in a leading editorial, that "the common sense of the people of this city indorses it, and the same conviction of the great body of Christian people agrees with it;" that is, with your "attitude toward these good men and their campaign." I, for one, do not indorse or agree with such an inconsistent attitude as you as-sume in reference to this whole move-ment. There were but two communications on the other side of the question pub- 