THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 683 olics. In " Faith of Our Fathers," pp. 264, 265, Car-dinal Gibbons defines religious liberty thus: A man enjoys religious liberty when he posses-ses the free right of worshiping God according to the dictates of a right conscience, and of practicing a form of religion most in accordance with his duties to God." Of course " a right conscience " is a Catholic con-science. That this is what the cardinal means is evi-dent from the fact that on page 269 of the same book he quotes from that eminent Catholic theologian, Becanus, the statement that "religious liberty may be tolerated by a ruler when it would do more harm to the State or to the community to repress it." " This," the cardinal says, " is the true Catholic teach-ing on this point." The cardinal uses the present tense advisedly, for such is still the attitude of the Catholic ChurchŠre-ligious liberty not from.  principle, but from policy. .0 .0 " THE Baptists of Germany are stalwarts," says the Canadian Baptist. " They have had to suffer persecution, and have in the past had to endure social ostracism. The editor of the English Baptist attended their Triennial Conference. He writes: ' There are no " open " Baptists in Germany. We explained the distinctions in England, and were al-ways met at the end of our statements thus " We, then, are close Baptists." ' They have made grand progress in the face of what might appear insupera-ble obstacles. Baptists who think their principles worth suffering for, ever do make rapid advance." And it is equally true of any people " who think they have principles worth suffering for" that they will prosper; but, sad to relate, there are many in these days, and some of them Baptists, who, what-ever they may think of the value of their principles, are not willing to suffer for them. Thousands and tens of thousands of religionists everywhere must even Ł be protected against a little financial loss or they can't keep the day they profess to belive they ought to keep holy unto the Lord ! JA .0 A PRIVATE soldier, writing from the island of Panay, one of the Philippine group, to a friend in Portland, Maine, says: " I enlisted so that I could stop drinking and I have succeeded, but do not think that it is because I can not get it, for the canteen follows the corn- pany wherever it goes, and a soldier can get both beer and whisky. Drinking is killing lots of good men. Taking everything into consideration, I wonder that every man here is not crazy. Last Sunday one hundred barrels of beer came. I had to work all the afternoon helping unload it, and at night I was on patrol. Well, tlie whole company has been drunk ever since. I'll bet there has been fifty fights. Monday night about 11.30 the captain came over with his pistol drawn'to stop one. It's a sight and a shame that they should send beer and whisky into such a country as this. We left camp Meade with 128 men and two months ago we got eleven more recruits, but at present we have only seventy-eight for duty." These facts are not calculated to make converts to the army canteen. .0 .4 AN English journal, Reynolds' Newspaper, prints the following anent the " glorious victory " gained by , England over the late Boer republics, now crown colonies: " Mr. John Haggert has received letters from his son, Trooper Qs. Higgert, of Bethune's Horse, dated Platrand Station, July 18 and 22, in which he states that a post-office official at Durban has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment for opening letters from the men at the front. He continues: ' Probably you saw in the papers that in one case.we ordered the women and children out of their houses and set the buildings on fire. It was a terrible sight to see the women and children looking at their homes being burned down and crying. We read the orders out to the Boer women stating that if they gave food or shelter to the rebel Boers we should commandeer all their stock and burn their houses down. The women are sent down to Natal. I.do not care about this job of burning down houses and witnessing the grief of the women and children. It almost makes one shed a tear." Comment is unnecessary. The simple facts cry to Heaven. .0 .0 THE archbishop of the state church in Sweden having made charges of immorality against dis-senters in that kingdom, especially the Baptists, Peter Waldenstrom, one of the most influential mem-bers of the Swedish diet and a prominent Lutheran, has come to the defense of the Baptists against the charges of the archbishop. Among other things, Mr. Waldenstrom states that he visited all the dis-reputable places in Stockholm, such as saloons, rum 