688  THE SENTINEL OF State, or from Massachussetts Colony, because he denied the right of magistrates to punish for a breach of the first table of the decalogue, on which is found the Sabbath commandment. The Bill of Rights of this Commonwealth, in guaranteeing that no one "shall be hurt, mo-lested or restrained, in his person, liberty, or estate for worshipping God in the manner and season most agreeable to the dictates of his own conscience, or for his religious profes-sion or sentiments, provided he does not dis-turb the public peace, or obstruct others in their religious worship," is in harmony with the Declaration of Independence and the Con-stitution of the United States. I deny the right of the legislature to make a law that is not in harmony with the Bill of Rights, or the right of officials and magistrates to enforce such a law. An act that is not in harmony with the Bill of Rights is not constitutional, and is void. If you throw away the Bill of Rights, your honor, where is your foundation for a civil state? A democratic and republican form of government is a government by the people and for the peopleÑa government in which the people's will, expressed in the supreme law, should be obeyed by magistrates and all, until the people have changed it. When these boundaries which forbid legislation respecting matters of religion are broken over, and the at-tempt is made to enforce the "Lord's Day," a retrograde movement toward church-and-state despotism is under way. When a man like John K. Leather, with a grudge in his heart so big that he could hardly keep his seat, a member of a Christian church, can force officers to prosecute a man they do not want to, it shows the danger of having on the statute books this relic of the days when dissenters Were whipped and burned and hanged. The testimony of the chief of police, if I had carried my questions a little further, would have shown that he deferred making his complaint until he had first consulted your honor, and that you told him I had no right to work on the third day of August. Now, your honor, I told the chief I did not want him to prosecute me, but if he did I would make a test case of it, but I have changed my mind. I am sick and tired of con-tention of all kinds and of litigation in rela-tion to this matter. I have one case on file at Cambridge now. I don't want another, and if you declare me guilty, knowing all you do. 1 shall not appeal. If you fine me, I shall not pay the fine. I cannot, even to that extent, bow down to the day that has been substi- CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tuted for the SabbathÑthe Lord's day. Your honor, you and I are accountable to God for our motives and acts. They will all come up before the great Supreme Court appointed for that day in the which He will judge the thoughts and intents of the hearts of men, and from which there can be no appeal. A solemn responsibility rests upon you, sir, as you per-haps realize. But I want you to know what the result oz your decision will be. What I have done I have done from principle, not for notoriety, and if you choose to pronounce me guilty, I cannot, I will not, pay the fine. In rendering his decision the judge said in substance: The Commonwealth seeks to establish the guilt of the defendant, inasmuch as he violated the third day of August wilfully, that day be-ing the Lord's Day. The evidence of Officer Hosmer showed that he warned the defendant before talking with the chief of police. Then again, after his conversation with the chief and his official message requesting the defend-ant to stop work, showing leniency both times. But with all that Mr. Gibson refused, and de-liberately went up the ladder and continued his work until he had finished it. The labor of which the defendant is accused was that of painting his barn on that day, and there is no evidence in the case that there was any neces-sity for it, so that I cannot find that my friend is exempt from the penalty of the statute. If the defendant had given direct evidence that he did not work on the second day of August, that day being Saturday, and that he kept that day conscientiously as his Sabbath, then, according to the Revised Statutes of 1892, article "Lord's Day," sec. 78, he would have been exempt, as no one was disturbed. But in the absence of such evidence, and in ac-cordance with the rules of the statutes, I pro-nounce the defendant guilty. I endeavor to bear in mind, as you suggest, that we have to be tried before a higher Judge. I always try to bear that in mind in all my decisions. Do you wish to appeal, Mr Gibson? Gibson.ÑI do not. Judge.ÑThen I will impose a fine of $10. Are you prepared to pay a fine? Gibson.ÑNo sir, I am not. From principle ¥ I could not pay a fine, your honor. Judge.ÑI thought as much. The court then adjourned, and the court crier came forward and told Mr. 