EDITORIAL 633 duct ; for that is as far as legislation and outward supervision can go. The difference between these two ideas is just simply the difference be-tween the gospel of Christ and the Papacy's perversion of that gospel. It is the difference between the power of man and the power of God; it is the differ-ence between taking the sword and not taking it in the work of bringing men to walk in the path of righteousness and individual self-government. The one idea stands for individual reform by moral power working from within the individual ; the other stands for national reform by civil power applied from 1-0151it the individual. The one stands for immediate connection of the soul with God ; the other stands for the inter-vention of intermediaries working upon principles absolutely opposed to those upon which alone the object desired can be accomplished. The one produces na-tional reform because it produces indi-vidual reform ; the other produces nei-ther individual nor national reform be-cause it does not produce individual reform. In the one case the individual aspires, is drawn, and is born from above; in the other he fears, is cowed, and is driven from without. In the one his soul is quickened and expanded; in the other it is dwarfed and crushed. The one is the way of heaven ; the other is the way of those who would destroy heaven. The one not only is in harmony with but is one of the deepest moral convictions of humanity ; the other is utterly repug-nant to the moral sense and dares not to show itself openly and undisguised in the sight of men. The practical .difference between these two ideas in their relation to society and civil government is that while one makes religion a subject for civil legislation, denies, or attempts to deny, freedom of thought and conscience, and makes of  civil government the engine of the most odious tyranny, the other holds religion as entirely outside the province of civil government, calls for no interference with freedom of thought and conscience, and has nothing to do with government except as government is affected by the individual conduct and right-doing of its citizens. The one idea is in thorough accord with the idea that the business of civil government is limited to the civil, temporal affairs of the people ; the other assumes that the functions of the state are primarily moral and religious, and that its first and highest consideration must be the spiritual and not the tem-poral welfare of its citizens. Mr. Jones does not ask that a religious test shall be prescribed as a qualification for American citizenship. He does not demand that the people of the United States shall be made to believe in Christ in order that the nation may be saved from the ruinous tendencies now in operation. He simply says that unless the people, who are in so many ways throwing away the power to govern themselves as individuals and therefore as a nation, return again to governing themselves (and he believes that "in the faith of Jesus" alone is to be found the way to do this) the ruin, not only of themselves as individuals, but of the free, popular, republican form of government dependent upon their conduct and capa-bilities, is certain and inevitable. If this is saying that "none but believers in Jesus . Christ can be good and true American citizens," it is saying it in a very different way from that in which it is said by "National Reform," for it means something as different as truth is from error, as self-government is from slavery, as moral conviction is from coercion, as the spiritual is from the car-nal. It is an appeal not to government, but to the people ; not to legislators, but 