SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare reciral of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. Among other things the grand jury of Cole County, Mo., was instructed by Cir-cuit Judge Hazell at Jefferson City, on March 3, "to investigate playing of cards on Sunday for amusement." On a recent Sunday a Congregational minister of Yankton, S. Dak., accom-companied by an alderman and a police-man, made the rounds of that city in search of open saloons. One place was found open, and the case was placed be-fore the State's attorney for action. At a joint meeting of the retail meat dealers of St. Paul and Minneapolis on March 8 "it was decided that the meat markets in the two cities will not sell meat on Sunday." The next thing, no doubt, will be the prosecution of those dealers who do not agree with the organ-ization on this point. o, The clothing and gentlemen's furnish-ing firms of Tiffin, Ohio, "have entered into an iron-clad agreement to keep their stores closed on Sundays." "Every dealer in the city has signed the agreement, and has pledged himself to pay a forfeit for infraction thereof." The agreement went into effect on March 8. :Ł According to the Brockton (Mass.) Times, Marshal Leach of that city "has issued orders to the proprietors of drug stores, news stands, candy stores, etc., who keep open on Sunday, that more care must be taken in keeping within the bounds of the Sunday law, in regard to  the goods which are sold. Failure to comply with the law will be followed by prosecution." Ł According to the Marietta (Ohio) Register "the Sunday laws are to be ob-served with Puritanical strictness" in that city. "No labor of any kind is to be performed on the Sabbath day within the city limits," and barbers, saloon-keepers, and dealers "who sell anything except medicine" are to be made to close on that day. On February 24 Ł the city council of Winnipeg, Manitoba, by a vote of nine to three, passed a resolution asking the leg-islature of Manitoba to repeal the present law prohibiting the running of street-cars in the province on Sundays, and to give the city of Winnipeg power to pass a by-law allowing street-cars to be op-erated in that city on Sundays. The mayor of Indianapolis, Ind., has announced that he will not allow base-ball games in that city on Sundays "be-cause it would be in violation of the State law." Baseball managers reply that this will mean that Indianapolis will be stricken from the baseball league's schedule, as they cannot include a city which does not permit Sunday playing. Ł The report comes from Bethlehem, Pa., that "the Sabbath observance movement has been given a great impetus" in that place. "Twoscore clergymen preached from as many pulpits wi the Sunday 