SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 183 ers, or most of them, have recently been heavily fined for Sunday selling. This aroused them to their present campaign. They employed a lawyer, and went to the mayor with "section 7033 of the Ohio Revised Statutes, which provides pen'al-ties for persons who perform manual labor on Sunday, or who require manual labor to be performed." It is said to be their intention not only to prevent all the ordinary business that usually goes on on Sundays, such as the sale of cigars, newspapers, drugs, etc., but to stop street-car traffic and the delivery of milk also. The Sunday law is a statute that gives entirely too much advantage to sa-loon-keepers to be of any sort of use as a weapon against them. The Ministers' Association of Newark. N. J., began a movement on Januan 6 "to enforce the city ordinance com-pelling the closing of candy stores on Sunday." A committee was appointed to take the matter in hand. This action followed an address to the ministers by Miss Josephine L. Baldwin, State super-intendent of the Primary and Junior Sunday-school Teachers' Unions, who told the ministers that every open candy store was a temptation in the way of Sunday-school pupils of tender age who were given pennies for the weekly con-tribution. She stated that with the candy stores open parents and teachers were almost helpless to prevent the children from spending their pennies on the way to Sunday-school, and this led to the conclusion that the stores must be com-pelled to close, so that the children would not, by being "subjected to an overwhelming temptation at an age when conscience has not been trained and the will is almost wholly undevel-oped," be compelled to "become Sab-bath-breakers." The Toronto (Ont.) Star prints quite a full report of a five weeks' campaign in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, by Rev. J. G. Shearer, field secretary of the "Lord's Day" Alliance of Canada, "in the interests of t he preservation of the "Lord's day." His tour included "twenty-five centers, in every one of which the people have organized in defense of the Christian Sabbath." The names of thir-teen "prominent laymen who have ac-cepted office in recently formed organi-zations," is given, among them being several members and ex-members of the provincial parliaments, also two judges, one of them being Justice Hannington, of the Supreme Court, Dorchester, N. B. Here is a significant paragraph from the account: The various branches of the church are all uniting in the Alliance movementŠthe Protestant branches with practical unanimity, and to a considerable extent the Roman Catholics as well. The Archbishop of Nova Scotia himself nominated one of his clergy as a vice-president of the provincial alliance, and two others as members of the executive board, while in several local organizations Roman Catholic clergy and laymen are heart-ily cooperating. Roman Catholic authorities will never be loth to aid in movements for the en-forcement and exaltation of Sunday. The provincial alliances which have been,  organized by Mr. Shearer in Quebec,. New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island,. and Nova Scotia were each to hold pro-vincial conventions in January or Feb-ruary, at all of which Mr. Shearer was to be present. At the instance of members of the Re-tail Clerks' Association, James W. Gib-son, a groceryman of Indianapolis, was arraigned before a judge and jury on January 9 on the charge of keeping his store open on Sunday. The affidavit 