SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  531  city and the adjacent St. Helen's Island Park. But all the articles named must be sold in each place kept open, and there must be no exposure on the outside, and customers must remain only long enough to make their purchases. It is said that the effect of the amendment, which was adopted on June 2, while making legal what has hitherto been illegal, will be to reduce the number of places that have been accustomed to keeping open on Sunday from i,000 to 600. But not-withstanding this the ministers and friends of Sunday enforcement, who last winter raised quite an agitation when the measure was first suggested, did not allow it to pass without every effort to prevent it. On May 16 a deputation rep-resenting the Lord's-day (Sunday) Al-liance of Canada, and composed princi-pally of ministers, waited upon the mayor and protested strongly against the proposed amendment, and appealed to him for the enforcement of the ordi-nance just as it was. They presented pe-titions against. the passage of the amendment, which were said to contain io,000 names, and especial attention was called to "the large petitions sent in by the Catholic clergy," which were claimed to indicate that the petitions represented the desire of the majority of the popula-tion. All other efforts failing, attempts were made at the last moment, through members of the city council, to defeat the measure by all sorts of limiting amend-ments. An interesting point in one re-port is that a few days before its passage "an important dignitary of the Catholic Church endeavored to have the amend-ing by-law -read so that it would be il-legal to open before II a. m., as this would be after mass had been said in the churches." Governor Crane, of Masachusetts, re- fused to sign the "Sunday Soda Bill," which the legislature passed by such a large majority, until it was made to ex-clude newsdealers. He thought the priv-ilege of selling soda-water, ice-cream and confectionery on Sunday should be strictly limited to licensed innkeepers and victualers, and druggists, and referred the bill back with an amendment to that effect prepared by the attorney-general. Some objection was made in the legisla-ture to "the interference by the executive with the legislative functions," but the desired change was.  made, and the bill was signed by the governor on May 22. It is not at all unlikely that the governor was loth to sign the bill even as amended, for he has long been represented by the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Pro-tective (Enforcement) League as being heartily in sympathy with its objects. Just a few days before the final action of the legislature the president of this or-ganization presided over a meeting in the Roxbury Presbyterian church, in Boston, at which resolutions were read and adopted appealing to the governor to use his influence against the bill and to prevent the extension of its privileges to any besides druggists. "In the past he has proved himself a friend of the Sab-bath," said Mr. Kneeland of the gover-nor. "Let us hope he will continue so." But sentiment was too strongly in favor of some such modification in the law, and sd the best the governor could do was to deprive newsdealers of the priv-ileges of the bill. He held that unless this was done the Sunday refreshment business would become widespread, as the privilege could be had merely. by keeping a few papers for sale. One pe-culiar way in which this "liberal" law, as sanctioned by the governor, will operate will be to stop the Sunday refreshment business which has hitherto been en-gaged in by many newsdealers. 