The Supremacy of the Papacy By Alonzo T. Jones XIV A Point of "Capital" Importance with the Papacy WE have seen that one great thing that has been gained by the Papacy from the United States through her Phil-lippines connections is the express recog-nition by the United States government, through the government of the Philip-pines, of the official character of the papal delegate " as the duly accredited repre-sentative of the Holy See." And there is alf6ther item in the Philippines entangle-ment with the Papacy that has given to her even a stronger hold than this upon the United States government. During all the time of the Spanish dominion in the Philippine Islands, the Papacy had complete control of education there. In the nature of things, with her this control of education meant simply that the Catholic Church taught to the people her own dogmas for which the Spanish government paid her by taxation of the people. It was the same old papal system of the state being the support and stay of the church in all the work of the church. Since the United States government has supplanted Spain in the Philippines, the Papacy has all the time insisted that this government shall also occupy the place that Spain occupied in supporting the Catholic Church by taxation and the governmental power, while she holds ab-solute control of educaton ; that the United States government shall continue the same papal system of union of church and state as was there before. The Phil-ippine government of the United States began by taking the control of education, and has insisted that the schools shall be governmental schools instead of church schools, and that in education there shall  be a separation of church and state, ac-cording to the constitutional principles of the home government of the United States. , This has brought the strong, wire-working opposition of the Papacy in the Philippines, in Rome, and in the United States. It was one of the ques-tions involved in the negotiations last July in Rome between the Papacy and that two-thirds papal commission that was sent from Washington to repre-sent the United States government. This school question was with the others tranferred to Manila to be " set-tled " there between Governor Taft and the papal delegate. And the place held by this question in the estimation of the Papacy is shown by the words of the Pope's " Secretary of State " in a note to Governor Taft during the negotiations in Rome last July, which were that " the Holy Father consents that the school question in the Philippines be not insisted upon for the moment, but His Holiness hopes his representative in the archipel-ago may have an understanding with you, Mr. the Governor General, on this point of an importance SO CAPITAL in a country almost exclusively Catholic." Thus in Rome. And how the thing was then, and is, being worked in the United States is revealed in the following facts. At the very time when his nego-tiations were being conducted in Rome, and the Pope was pronouncing the school question a point so capital in importance, a campaign was being conducted by the Papacy in the United States on the same so capitally important question The fol-lowing documents issued by Archbishop Elder plainly tell this part of the story 