"NATIONAL REFORM" "CHRISTIAN" LOBBYING MACHINE 677 dollar, with a letter having the auto-graph in a facsimile of a senator or a representative in the upper left-hand corner, and so likely to attract attention," said Dr. Crafts to your correspondent one day, in explaining his method. En-velopes of the ordinary letter size are se-lected, and of white paper whenever possible. These Dr. Crafts gets by the thousand, free of charge, from the vari-ous congressmen whose names they bear. They go through the mails under the franking privilege. The only requi-site is that their contents shall be "Gov-ernment matter," but that is easily enough secured either by having what-ever the Bureau desires to circulate made a part of somebody's speech, or other-wise brought into the official records. Reports of hearings may be franked. So many special articles are prepared for the instruction of a committee on any topic whenever the committee votes to print them. The Reform Bureau thus gets not only its envelopes and postage free, but a certain large number of copies of the leaflet which it desires to dis-tribute. Sometimes Congress does not authorize the printing of enough copies to meet the Bureau's needs, and then Dr. Crafts has to pay out of his own fund the cost, aside from the typesetting, of striking off some more. But this is not large. The importance of this plan is not so much in the pecuniary saving for a bu- reau depending on voluntary contribu- tions, as in the impression that it makes on the mind of the recipient. "I read this document through three times," said a prominent Massachusetts business man, "in order to discover why Senator Hawley, of Connecticut, was sending it to me." At last, unable to unravel the mystery, he wrote to the Senator, thank- ing him for the document, but express-ing surprise on the recipient's part that  the cause involved should have reached the attention of the eminent states-man. This was a document on divorce reform. One may well imagine the feel-ing which wells up in the breast of the Maine farmer, on a rural delivery route, when he finds a letter in an ordi-nary white paper envelope from Senator Penrose, of Pennsylvania, containing choice excerpts from congressional pro-ceedings on the importance of observing the Sabbath. Every such line from the devout Penrose is naturally pondered with admiring gratitude. Dr. Crafts also prints a little quarterly, which is distributed widely under the ordinary second-class rates, carrying prominently pictures of statesmen who have helped in his work. Almost any public man welcomes such a notice. In doubtful districts and close States the commendation of the Reform Bureau as a political force is not to be disregarded Hence it happens that no matter how se-verely congressmen in private conver-sation may berate the activities of Dr. Crafts, they appear very promptly at the door when his card is sent in to them, nor do they hold any grudges long. Even though Dr. Crafts most vigorously fought Senator Hawley, chairman of the Senate Committee on Military Affairs, on the canteen question, the Connecticut statesman did not hesitate to give him 35,000 franked envelopes at the close of the last session for the distribution of Sunday-closing matter apropos of the St. Louis Fair. But "making an impression" on the constituents with leaflets and pamphlets, through the congressional frank, is only one side of the work of the Bureau. To make an impression on the congressman is.  the more important thing. It is esti-mated at the Capitol post-offices that this Bureau alone has doubled the volume of congressional mail. The, members of the 