8 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. perfectly plain that in the history of RomeŠrepublic, empire, and "Chris-tian" empireŠthere is written before-hand the history of this other power as the Image of the Beast. Against this Beast and his Image the Bible publishes an angelic message of most solemn warning : "And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the Beast and his Image, and receive his mark in his forehead or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mix-ture into the cup of His indignation ; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb." Rev. 14: 9, 1o. The only way of salvation from the worship of this Beast and his Image is the way of the everlasting gospelŠthe  way of the keeping of the command-ments of God and the faith of Jesus; for the closing words of that angelic mes-sage are: "Here are they that keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus." Rev. 14:12. To be an instrumentality in giving to the nation and to the world that in-tensely important message is the only object of the existence of The Senti-nel. The keeping of the ,command-ments of God and the faith of Jesus is Christian liberty, and the only true Christian liberty. The only object of the existence of The Sentinel being to make effective that message of truest Christian liberty, it follows that The Sentinel, true to its object, is truly The Sentinel of Christian Liberty. And as such it asks the continued sympathy and support of every lover of human rights and Christian liberty. The Chard? and the State. By A. G. Daniells. WHAT is the true relationship of the church and the state, of religion and civil government? This is a question of vital importance, for it involves the interests of all. It does not belong alone to past ages. It is to-day a living issue, and it will con-tinue such while the church and civil governments exist. The church and the state are ordained of God for the benefit of man. But like other wise provisions for his good, they may be perverted ; they may be turned from their true purpose, and be used to injure man. In the maintenance of  their proper relations are bound up the rights and liberties of the people. The true relationship of the church and the state is not established by the arbitrary decrees of church councils, nor by the dicisions of civil courts. It is not established by the customs or the will of the people. It is not, and it can-not be, established by man. The proper relationship of church and state is fixed by Him who ordained them. It is grounded in the very nature of the in-stitutions. And, therefore, true con-ceptions of the nature of these institu-tions should give clear views of the 