824 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY fraud. The real ground of the demand for Sunday enforcement is indirectly brought to view in the above quotation when it is declared that the prohibition of Sunday ball playing will not increase church attendance nor cause boys to march off to Sunday school. Whatever they may think themselves, the cham-pions of Sunday enforcement give to other people the impression that they are working for what they conceive to be the interests of the church and religion, and that they care precious little for any other interests that may seem to conflict with what they are after. Their attempt by law to stop ball playing and other things equally harmless on Sunday is but one step short of attempting by law to compel people to attend church. There is not a particle of difference in principle between the two things. "We cannot conceive," says The De-fender (Sunday-enforcement organ), Boston, "why the citizens of Boston and New England should desire to have a Sunday which the better elements on the Continent [Europe] are tired of and wish to supplant with a day of rest and wor-ship." The sort of Sunday of which "the better elements" in Europe are tired of, according to this periodical, is one in which "holiday sports and games" are freely engaged in. It might clear this matter up somewhat in the mind of The Defender if it would reflect that in New England, as elsewhere, there are organi-zations devoted to "the defense of the Lord's day," and many clergymen mak-ing a specialty of Sunday observance and claiming to speak authoritatively upon the matter, that are constantly assuring the people and educating them to believe that the "Lord's day" is "a civil rest day." They should not be astonished that the  people take them at their word and pro-ceed to use the day as a civil dayŠyes, as a civil rest day. Ł It seems that some of the defenders of the "American Christian Sabbath" have discovered that it is being terribly abused by the officers and contractors of the World's Fair at St. Louis. The Presby-terian Synod of Illinois, in session in the Hyde Park Presbyterian Church in Chi-cago on October 23, adopted the follow-ing, which action was preceded by "stir-ring speeches against the violation of the fourth commandment" : Resolved, That we as a synod do hereby, now and always, protest against the violation of the law of God as contained in the fourth commandment, and the invasion of God's holy day by the officers and contractors of the World's Fair at St. Louis, by doing all kinds of work on the grounds, bridges, buildings, etc., on the Sabbath; and Resolved, That we do hereby memorialize the General Assembly to take such action as may seem wise to have such work discon-tinued. In commenting on the Sunday-closing movement in that part of the country, the Eau Claire (Wis.) Telegraph says that "a general observance [of Sunday] is easily won" if to the influence of that class of persons "who are impelled by re-ligious belief to refrain from work on Sunday and require no further argument to induce them to observe the day," is added that of "the trade unionists, who see the economic benefits of a seventh-day rest from labor." This brings to view a combination that is plainly being developed, and it is this combination that makes the Sunday movement dangerous. With such a combination standing for it, universal Sunday enforcement in the United States is by no means an impos-sibility. 