524 I'HE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. themselves immensely at Singapore by playing a lo-cal golf match over a Chinese graveyard. 'The links were very sporty, the tombs serving for bunkers,' writes one of the players. 'The tombs are being slowly hacked to pieces -by the wild efforts of the players to get the balls out of the crevices in the bricks.' " The Vandals, too, must have been civilized people. --Catholic Standard and Times. BRYAN GN THE LOVE OF MONEY. IN a recent newspaper article Colonel Bryan quotes this resolution adopted last year by the Gen-eral Synod of the Reformed Church, at Tiffin, Ohio: "The danger to be apprehended from certain agen-cies, which are slowly but surely revolutionizing the entire social fabric by the absorption of the-wealth of the country in, the hands of a few, the steady enlarge-ment of the poor classes of people and the gradual diminution of a prosperous and happy middle class, the hope of every thriving State; the rapid increase and intensification of all those social and industrial agencies which tend to make human life a burden of despair to the many and a material paradise to the fewŠall these things cannot but exert a baleful in-fluence upon and prove a constant hindrance to the progress of the kingdom of Christ upon earth." Colonel Bryan's comment upon the resolution is that it "might with propriety have concluded with the familiar quotation from Timothy : 'But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition. For the love of money is the root of all evil, which, while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith and pierced them-selves through with many sorrows.' " Would not James 5 : 1-9, R. V., have been still more appropriate? It reads thus: "Go to now, ye rich, weep and howl for your mis-eries that are coming upon you. Your riches are Cor-rupted, and your garments are moth=eaten. Your gold and your silver are rusted; and their rust shall he for a testimony against you, and shall eat your flesh as fire. Ye have laid up your treasure in the last days. Behold, the hire of the laborers who have mowed your fields, which is of yOu kept back by fraud, crieth out : and the cries of them that have reaped have entered into the ears of the Lord of Sab-baoth. Ye have lived delicately on the earth, and taken your pleasure; ye have nourished your hearts in a day of slaughter. * * * Be patient therefore, brethren, until the coming of the Lord. Behold, the  husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, being patient over it, until it receive the early and latter rain. Be ye also patient; stablish your hearts : for the coming of the Lord is at hand. Mur-mur not, brethren, one against another, that ye be not judged; behold, the Judge standeth before the doors." SUNDAY OBSERVANCE IN PARIS. Ł DESPITE the Exposition, or rather, as some Pari-sians believe, because of it, the movement against keeping shops open on Sunday in Paris has recently gained considerable encouragement, writes a corre-spondent in the New York Times. A few weeks ago M. Millerand, minister of commerce, and M. Mou-geot, under secretary of state for postal and tele-graph matters, issued a circular inviting an express-ion of opinion from the chambers of commerce as to the advisability of closing post offices and stop-ping the work of postal employees at noon on Sun-days, provided that-the telegraph offices always re-mained open, and that arrangements were made for the sale of stamps and postal cards at telegraph counters. The chambers of commerce strongly sup-ported the proposal of the ministers, and adopted a resolution in favor of the entire plan. The Times correspondent thinks the proposed arrangement will soon be put into execution, thus stopping the afternoon deliveries. " The scheme finds favor among business houses generally., as they consider that the present system is no longer justified by the requirements of business, and when once the rule has been put into force, those stores which still keep open on Sundays will be forced to ,close." Those familiar with Paris' know that most of the houses of any importance already close on Sundays, and among the smaller tradespeople even the grocers close at noon. The postal service, however' has held out until the present time, closing at four in the afternoon.ŠThe Outlook. WHEN a cat hates a dog the cat is excusable. In the first place, a cat can't think accurately, and in the second place, it has seen dogs tear up kittens. But when a Jew hates a Christian, when a Chris-tian hates a Jew, when a Protestant hates a Catholic or a Catholic hates a Protestant, the one that does the hating is sure to be a dull, stupid kind of a hu-man being.ŠChicago American. 