THE SUNDAY SALOON QUESTION DEBATED 223 tended their engineering of reform legislation seemed to give new inspira-tion to their work. One feature upon which I noticed that he builded with much confidence was the fact that Presi-dent Roosevelt was in sympathy with their reform work. They are planning to make the present  winter a season of special education along Sunday-closing lines by sending out literature for free distribution all over the country in defense of the Sun-day-closing act of the Louisiana Pur-chase Exposition and other reforms. R. C. PORTER. St. Louis, Mo. O The Sunday Saloon Question Debated By the Editor ON the evening of February i6 a discussion on the Sunday open-ing of saloons took place in the great hall of the Cooper Union, in this city, before a large audience of people evidently keenly interested in the, question. The affirmative side of the question, for Sun-day opening, was represented by Rev. Dr. Thomas R. Slicer, pastor of All Souls' Unitarian church, and the nega-tive position was defended by Mr. Rob-ert Graham, secretary of the Church (Episcopal) Temperance Society. Dr. Slicer stated that he was not an apologist for the liquor traffic, and that on the question of whether or not another drop of liquor should ever be brewed or distilled in the future, he would vote in the negative. But he declared that the question at issue was not the liquor traf-fic itself, but was "one between personal liberty and the convention which we call our Sunday." Under present conditions he could see little advantage in the at-tempt at Sunday closing. There were too many people in favor of the liquor traffic on Sunday, too many people who saw nothing wrong in it on that day, for it to be either possible to accomplish or  wise to attempt to enforce absolute pro-hibition on Sunday. He had been in-formed by a reputable lawyer that if there were as many people in Greater New York who believed that stealing was no more wrong than was the pur-chase and sale of liquor on Sunday that it would be impossible to enforce the laws against larceny. He thought the wishes of so large a number of people should be heeded, even if it meant open saloons on Sunday. Strict enforcement of the present law was a physical impossibility, because there were only 2,200 policemen on duty at one time, while there were some 12,000 saloons. He had recently heard it declared that the law could be enforced, and that it should be even if a militiaman had to be stationed at the entrance to every saloon. He thought there would be wholesale resignations from the mili-tia when soldiers were "set to guarding bottles," and that the spirit of democracy would revolt in no unmistakable manner against that sort of an "American Sun-day" that had to be maintained by mar-tial law. He thought that in this matter men should be, and would have to be, 