2 i6 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY imitated Another's trade-mark in a way that is likely to confuse the mind of the public, and to deceive those who .are seeking for the true way in the matter. They declare Sunday to be the Sabbath, and have done what they could to make Sunday the Sabbath. This is simply to do on a very large scale what on a small scale is pronounced by human laws, by these very nations and judges them-selves, to be wrongdoing, for it is most certainly an attempt to infringe upon the rights of the Lord of the Sabbath and of all for whom the Sabbath was made. The attempt to make Sunday take the place of the Sabbath as the Sabbath, by calling it such, is comparatively modern. The languages of the Latin races indicate that the change in the use of the title which the seventh day of the week has always hadŠthe Sabbath dayŠhas not taken place in their use of words, as would probably have been the case if the title of the Sabbath had been accorded to Sunday by the Roman Catholic Church during a long period. In the language of "the eldest son of the church"ŠSpain Šthere is a clear distinction made be-tween the Sabbath and Sunday, and as this is in the very language itself it has a very important significance. The days of the week as told off in Spanish are: Lunes  Monday Martes  Tuesday Miet'celes Wednesday Jueves Thursday Viernes Friday Sabado (the Sabbath) Saturday Domingo (the Lord's day) Sunday In a catechism of the Roman Catholic Church, entitled "A Catechism of Chris-tian Doctrine," prepared and enjoined by order of the Third Plenary Council of Baltimore, 189o, is the following question (p. 62): Q. Why does the Church command us to keep Sunday holy instead of the Sabbath? Here is a clear distinction made be-tween Sunday and the Sabbath, and the possibility of calling Sunday "the Sab-bath" in this connection is cut off. The leaders of the people know full well that Sunday is not the Sabbath day, and that there is no sanctification attaching to Sunday as a day to be religiously ob-served as the Sabbath day. In the very end of the sixteenth cen-tury the Rev. Nicholas Bound, of Eng-land, gave the title of "the Sabbath" to the first day of the week, and the first religious body to make use of this title as its official name for Sunday was the Presbyterian denomination. Both the Roman Catholic and the Episcopalian churches publish officially "Lessons for Sunday," and observe the day as Sunday. When the protesting branch of the church, under the leadership of Luther, emerged from the rule of Rome, the new denomination, which is now known as the Lutherans, published its creed under the name of "The Augsburg Confes-sion," which is still the rule of faith and practise of that denomination. On page 4o of an edition of this creed, published at Philadelphia, it is stated in italics that, "if any person thinks that it is necessary to observe Sunday, he is mistaken." But this great denomination went on from that first day of their existence keeping Sunday. Why? Calvin, the head of orthodoxy, stated that there was no need of Sunday ob-servance and no moral obligation attach-ing to its observance; that Thursday would answer as well as Sunday, and that it was not obligatory to keep any day. Yet Calvin kept Sunday to all out-ward appearances, although he privately played "bowls" or tenpins, as we term it. Why did Calvin do as he did? The early Quakers published their views of Sunday observance as follows : 