EDITORIAL 779 The Vatican agreed to sign such a con-tract excepting the last covenant, which it de-clined to sign, first, because it related to the administration of religious matters not the proper subject of a commercial contract; sec-ond, because by signing such a covenant it would give just offense to Spain, whose sub-jects these friars were, and as such were en-titled to remain in the islands under the Treaty of Paris, and because the Vatican did not wish to give countenance to what were regarded as the exaggerated charges against them. Instead of this, however, the Pope said, through Cardinal Rampolla, that he intended to reorganize the Church in the islands, to re-call the friars now in the islands from politi-cal intermeddling to the institutes of their or-der, to provide ecclesiastical education to na-tives so that the priesthood should ultimately be entirely native, and now to introduce priests of other nationality than Spanish, chiefly from the United States, into the islands. He said that the money for the lands would go to the Church for the benefit of the Church in the Philippines, and not to the orders, and he finally reiterated what had been said earlier in the correspondence, that no priest would be sent to any parish in the islands whom a majority of the Catholics of the parish did not wish to receive. In view of the unwillingness of the Vati-can to enter into a contract for the definite re-moval of the Spanish friars, the Secretary of War was unwilling to enter into a contract obligating the Philippine Government and the American Government to pay such indefinite sums without further investigation, and pre-ferred to recur to the original method of ne-gotiation proposed by the Vatican through an apostolic delegate, who is to visit the islands with authority to sell the lands, to settle the rentals due, and to agree upon the question of charitable and educational trusts. This basis was agreed to, and negotiations are to be con-tinued here after all the data necessary have been submitted by the representative of the Church to the Government. It will thus be seen that the negotiations upon many of the issues are only begun, though the sale of the lands has been ap-proved, and that upon the question of the re-turn of the friars to the parishes the matter is completely in the hands of the people of each parish for a settlement by a quiet, peace-able and lawful expression of their desire to receive or not to receive any priest. . . . The Secretary of War holds the opinion, in which I concur, that the basis of agreement and friendly co-operation reached in Rome is a long step toward a solution of the difficult questions presented, which will in the end be entirely satisfactory to the people of the Philippine Islands, and in whose interests solely the mission to Rome was undertaken. By what can scarcely be regarded as anything but persecution it seems that Mr. W. T. Gibson, whose recent trial for Sunday labor was reported last month, is to be made to respect and observe Sun-day to the extent of ceasing labor on that day. He is a dealer in coke. On a re-cent Sunday morning, while engaged with two men in his employ in bagging coke at the works of the coke and gas company in Malden, Mass., for which he had the full and hearty permission of the presitlent of the company, he was visited by two policemen who informed him that they had "orders to tell you that this is Sunday, and that you must not work on the Lord's Day." Mr. Gibson replied that Sunday was not the Lord's day to him and that he would continue the work so long as the president of the company was willing that he should. The officers then went away, seeming to give no heed to the fact that there were a number of men in the employ of the coke and gas company hard at work, and that the crushihg mill was in full operation. They evidently went to the president of the company, for he soon came to Mr. Gib-son and told him that while he could see no reason why he should not proceed with the work in which he was engaged, and while he himself had no objection whatever, that since the officers were af-ter him it might be best for him to stop working on Sunday at the plant "until this blows over," adding that if he did not do so it might cause the company and its men to get into trouble over the mat-ter of Sunday work. Mr. Gibson of course complied with the desire of the 