THE "RAPPROCHEMENT" WITH ROME 401 in the relations existing between two of the three great branches of ChristendomŠthe Catholic and Protestant. And we may say that while the fundamental differences between Catholic and Protestant are no less funda-mental than ever, there is yet to be seen a "rapprochement" between the two great branches which was not observable under Pope Leo's predecessors; that is to say, on the part of the Protestants themselves. Not only has much of the old-time bitterness entertained by them toward Catholics vanished, but Catholics and Protestants are often now seen cooperat-ing in the work of promoting various Łbenevo-lent enterprises, such as temperance work, re-lief of the poor, and other departments of benevolent activity, while such men as Cardi-nal Gibbons, Archbishop Ireland and others have infused the American spirit in their chUrch, as they are often seen on the same platform with Protestant ministers. And here it is pertinent to note that the Presbyterian Church, as it will formally declare a little later, no longer assumes to identify the Roman Catholic Church with the "Scarlet Woman" of the Apocalypse. Further on the same journal pointed out that social intercourse and intermar-riage between Protestants and Catholics is far more common than formerly. It attributed this partly to the influence of the public schools, and also to the sending by Catholic parents of their children to the universities, which the Christian Work speaks of as the "large Protestant educational institutions." Still more significant of the trend of affairs in this respect was an editorial in The Independent of April 3. The text of The Independent's editorial was the Pope's encyclical, and it was thoroughly imbued with that "charity" with which Protestantism has come to regard the Papacy in recent years. While acknowl-edging that it was not five years ago that the Pope solemnly pronounced the orders of the Anglican Church invalid, thus unchurching and consigning to schism its adherents, and "that there is not the slightest hope that this decision will be reversed, or that any action or utterance  will offer to rehabilitate Anglican Protes-tants, Greeks or Armenians on the eccle-siastical side," The Independent rejoices over the Pope's expression of a desire for "the union of Christian bodies" against the attacks of anarchism and atheism, and sees in that an outstretched hand to-ward "those Christian bodies which are not in communion with the Roman Church," toward "those who are often called courteously, 'our separated breth-ren.'" "For brethren," observes The Independent with evident complacency, "in a sense, the Roman Church holds the rest of us Christians to be. We have been baptized, and are therefore Chris-tians. Yet it is a remarkable thing that there should be this recognition of Protestant and Greek Christians. . . . It is no bad service that the general en-emy, the atheists, have done, if they force the mutual kindly recognition of Chris-tian bodies so widely separated." The "right attitude toward such an outstretched hand" is what The Inde-pendent regards as of importance, and it was probably with the desire to get thor-oughly into this attitude that the follow-ing was written, which is the most sig-nificant portion of the editorial : While we have been growing kindlier to-ward Catholics, and have been making more of the festivals of the Catholic Church, it seems as if Catholics were becoming more like us in preaching and practise. Of course, then. the Presbyterian Church is compelled to repeal the article of its Confession of Faith which declares that the Pope of Rome is Anti-Christ. And Protestants have no right to deny that the Church of Rome is a true Church. It wor-ships the same one God as the rest of us, and it holds to the same Saviour. It declares that its worship of the Virgin and the Saints is of a different kind from its worship of the Tri-une God. We see the danger of such wor-ship, but we see that they make less of saints than they used to, and that they make more of the distinction. To our view it is very foolish to ask a saint to intercede with God, when we can go directly to Him, and there is danger 