EDITORIAL 295 ample of Glasgow shows that a city which has absolute Sunday closing may be "a more drunken city than New York" with all its thousands of saloons and all its Sunday opening. Perfect legal "Sabbath" observance that is attended with "appalling sights of drunkenness" on week days is not a condition that is likely to excite any very great enthusiasm or admiration in the minds of people who look at the realities of things instead of being deluded by the shams and hypocri-sies of formalism and legal religion. Two " Reasons" for Sunday En-forcement The February American Monthly Re-view of Reviews thus states its attitude with regard to the Sunday question, which fairly represents the prevailing opinion in this matter : Sunday-keeping, from the religious stand point, is a matter of the private conscience. From the public standpoint, Sunday-keeping has great importance for two reasonsŠfirst, because of the absolute necessity that a day of rest should be preserved for the great mass of workingmen and women; and, second, because it is right that a Christian c;:untry should care-fully promote the order, quiet, and peace that belong to Sunday as a day of worship and as an essential factor in the moral progress and true civilization of the community. The first reason given is one now quite prevalent as an excuse for Sunday legis- Ł lation, but it is of comparatively recent origin, exceedingly more recent than the laws which it is claimed sprang from this' "necessity." The Sunday laws them-selves give no intimation whatever that they were enacted for the purpose of pre-serving a day of rest for workingmen and women. They contain no intimation, unless it be in amendments recently made, that they rest upon any other foundation or have any other purpose in view than that given as the second reason. It is be- cause it has been deemed "right that a Christian country should carefully pro-mote the order, quiet, and peace that belong to Sunday as a day of worship," etc., that Sunday laws have been enacted. That is what history says, and that is what they declare upon their face. This second reason here given for Sun-day legislation is identical with that which has been the "reason" for all church-and-state systems, which was the "reason" for all the enforcement of re-ligion which prevailed throughout the most highly civilized portions of Europe for century after century. Christianity is "an essential factor in the moral prog-ress and true civilization of the com-munity," certainly of not less importance than Sunday observance is supposed to be. But, nevertheless, it has not been deemed wise until recent years to identify Christianity and government in this country, nor to make the promotion of Christianity an object of government. On the contrary, it was declared early in the history of this country, by a man who was competent to speak, that "the Gov-ernment of the United States is in no sense founded upon the Christian relig-ion." And why this attitude ? Because it was clear to the founders of the Ameri-can Government that true religion was a thing infinitely above government, and that the nearest approach that civil gov-ernment could make to true religion was to carefully avoid all attempts to identify it with government. But notice again these reasons for Sun-day legislation. It is stated that from the religious standpoint Sunday-keeping "is a matter of the private conscience." Yet it is stated that by means of legislation, which takes no account whatever of the private conscience, except that of those who dictate the legislation, that "a Chris-tian country should carefully promote 