338 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY liberty we are not in harmony with God's plan. When our way runs counter to the Divine way one or the other must fail. There is just one swift end to such a con-flictŠjust one sure victory. The Di-vine way winsŠthe civil sabbath fails. It has failed. In the very nature of the case it must fail. The church would remove the Fourth Commandment from its foundation on Sinai and place it on iran's authority, making it a civil insti-tution. The world instantly replies : "You have no right to command my be-havior in such a matter, and I will do as I please on that day." It can have no thought of respect for such an institu-tion, for it denies its right to exist. Mr. Moody said six years ago : "Young peo-ple are out on their wheels, older people are reading the Sunday papers, the sa-loons are full, and throngs go to the woods for picnics." Prof. Wilkinson, of Chicago University, said of the same things: "In the face of facts like these it is perfectly plain that Sunday observ-ance is fast coming to be practically a confessed pious fiction." Such laws have failed' to promote the end sought by them. The Civil War was fought ostensibly to preserve the unity of the States. The Divine purpose was to free the slaves. That was the beginning and the end of the trouble, and it is so recognized. The Revolutionary War was fought ostensi-bly to right the wrongs of a tyrant king. The Divine purpose was to set apart a great nation in which a new principle of freedom should rule. That was the plan, and it is so, recognized. In these bright days of that same free-dom men are arrested for the crime of planting potatoes on SundayŠthey are arrested and thrown into prison, turned over to the tender mercies of the chain-gang, in company with hoboes, sneak-thieves, wife-beaters and bums. In view Ł  of such facts it adds but little to the keen sarcasm of the word "freedom" to re-member that these same men devoutly communed with their Creator on the day previous. Look at the records of Arkan-sas, Tennessee, Maryland, Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, Florida, Mississippi, California, Pennsylvania, and North Carolina for the last ten years and see the black blots on their fair fameŠfit records to bury deep in the vaults where lie the histories of the Inquisition. Such laws are not in harmony with the principles of American freedom. The civil sabbath and the hallowed Sabbath are as far apart as the east is from the west. The civil sabbath is a holidayŠthe hallowed Sabbath is a holy day. I-can observe my Sabbath best, I can refresh my body best, I can please my God best by associating with His people, by studying His Word, by grasping the opportunity to speak here and there for Him, by retiring to the privacy of my closet in communion with my God. No civil law under Heaven can force me to do that. What it can't do with me it can't do with any other man. I'll tell you what it can do. It can force me to stop my legitimate labor. It can leave me with idle time on my hands. In obe-dience to the law that Nature abhors a vacuum, I can seek a way to fill that time. I can find it in a multitude of ways, legal or illegal, restful or hurtful, uplifting or destructive; and find it I must in one way or another. If my bent is for the uplifting, restful, legitimate use of the day the motive comes from within; I need no civil law to force me to it. If the motive comes- from without the pro-clivity is to those things which are hurt-ful to body, to mind, to soul ; to reading-the 48-page Sunday edition of the cur-rent trash, to smoking a foul pipe, seek-ing my fellow-idlers in the saloon, either 