760 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY vate and denominational schools the percentage of church members is only 56, Except by President Schurman, the question is not answered in any case, however, with sufficient explicitness to make the replies valuable otherwise than as mere opinions. The fact that in Cornell "practically two-thirds of our freshmen who come from the public schools are church members" is so sig-nificant that President Schurman refers to it as "a conclusive refutation of the allegation that the public schools are breeding an irreligious, immoral and anarchical class of citizens." Quoting from the national "Thanks-giving" proclamation a writer in the New York Observer (Presbyterian) says : "This language of our Chief Executive proves that we are not a nation of atheists, that we look upon God as the giver of our national and individual blessings," and that "if it does not mean this it means nothing, but is only a perfunctory utterance, and stamps us as a nation of hypocrites." If the "'Thanksgiving" proclamation and its language is the best evidence "we" have that "we" are a pious and God-fearing people and are not "a nation of hypocrites, our evidence is hardly adequate and conclusive. The actual fact is that the "Thanksgiving" procla-mation and its language, so far as the great mass of the people of the nation are concerned, is "only a perfunctory utterance," as the very character of the article from which we quote, which de-clares that so far as the colleges of the country are concerned, "football and not gratitude to God is the chief matter of interest on this national festival day," goes to show. Notwithstanding his assurance that the "language of our Chief Executive proves that we are not a nation of atheists," the writer of this article intimates that the manner in which "Thanksgiving day" is observed at "our higher institutions of learn- ing," "where We naturally look for our highest and best expressions of life," amounts, or tends, to "practical athe-ism." Official religion is so much akin to "practical atheism" that it need not be thought strange that the one accom-panies the other in the national life. Religious teachers will be of more ser-vice to religion and will reflect more credit upon themselves if they will attach a great deal less importance to official, national religion and give a great deal more attention to the culti-vation of vital, personal religion. In an address in New York recently in which he deplored the inefficiency of the present provisions for the relig-ious training of the young among Prot-estants, President Butler of Columbia University said : The tax-supported school can teach science, letters and art ; it can give in-stitutional or ethical instruction; but it cannot enter, without disruption, into this other and disputed field [of relig-ious instruction]. It is the business of every church organization to rise to its own opportunities. The trouble with the church is that it preaches too much and doesn't teach enough. The actual work of the religious instruction of the young is not done half seriously enough by the churches. The delinquency in this matter of the religious training of the young is in the church and not in the state. A New York Roman Catholic paper declares that since "the experiment of joining religious instruction with intellectual training has not been made, neither the head of Columbia University nor any one else has the right to assert, dogmatically, that our school system would be threatened with 'disruption' if the young learned in the schools their full duty to God." So Roman Catho-lics would have the public schools teach the children "their full duty to God," 