77 foyagkell COOLSTBAB 11.13E-ffrif Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard theliquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may fr;#ely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, persT  year  $1.00 xmonths    .5o "  three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year   LSO CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year   .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., I I West 20th Street, New York City " Am Delighted With It" says the SENATE POSTMASTER of a western State Speaking of the Webster Dictionary and Complete Vest-Pocket Library Five Books in One I A Dictionary 2 A Gazetteer 3 A Parliamentary /Aanual 4 An Expert Calculator 5 Literary Guide 45,800 WORDS PRICES: Morocco Bound, with stamp holder, 60c Leather ..- - 50c Cloth  25c 1¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥............,N. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 11 West 20th St., N. Y. City. 11/411iiimmommomi ¥¥¥ SUNDAY IN HISTORY By C. H. EDWARDS This volume is a concise and val-uable collection of historical data relative to Sunday, collected from many books. The author has spent much time in getting these together in handy form for reference. When was Sunday observance instituted? What brought it about ? Is there Bible authority for it ? These and many more equally im-portant and interesting questions are answered in this book. 232 pages, paper covers, 5o cts., postpaid. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. I1 West 20th Street New York City ir 