456 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY motion to permit playing after one o'clock in the afternoon, with a provi-sion that members carry their own clubs, "thus relieving the club of the stigma of contributing to the demoralization of caddies," was also defeated. The saloon-keepers of Tomah, Wis., have organized for the purpose of com-pelling "every barber shop, restaurant, livery stable and other business place to close on Sundays." This action is taken because of a recent order of the mayor directing that the saloons be strictly closed on Sunday. The saloon men are said to be "highly indignant at what they term unjustifiable discrimination against them." Such cases as this afford the friends of Sunday enforcement good op-portunities to demonstrate whether or not they really believe that there is a great difference "between the liquor traf-fic and every other business." At a recent session of the Executive Committee of the Lord's Day (Sunday) Alliance of Canada, at Toronto, it was decided to send a delegation to the man-agers of the principal railway systems to ask that they "make an effort to secure a cessation of the great and increasing unnecessary traffic on Sundays." It was declared that 50,000 persons were "de-prived of their weekly day of rest by the Sunday traffic." It was also decided to call upon the Canadian authorities "to prohibit the importation into Canada of the Sunday editions of American news-papers, and the landing in Canada of American Sunday excursions." At a meeting of the "Pastors' Union" of Detroit, Mich., on May 5, "an appeal was made to the citizens of Detroit to take such an interest in the election of municipal and State officers as shall se- cure the amendment of Sunday laws." A committee, of which Rev. A. H. Barr, of the Jefferson Avenue Presbyterian church, was the secretary, reported that "very many of the saloons are open on the Lord's day," and declared strongly against Sunday theaters, Sunday golf, and Sunday baseball. "It is a fact," read the report, "that during the season the interests of baseball are regarded as para-mount to those of Michigan law." After securing the co-operation of twelve merchants of the place Mayor Shotwell, of Scott, Ohio, on May 7, is-sued this notice, to go into effect on the following Sunday : To the Business Men of Scott : As Mayor of the village of Scott, I hereby request you to close your places of business on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, except in cases of absolute necessity. The Scott Review says that the places of those business men who did not sign the Sunday closing petition or agreement "will be more closely watched, and for the first infringement of the law they will be dealt with accordingly." Several sportsmen were fined at Rock-well, Iowa, reently for hunting on Sun-day. One of them, a Mr. Quimby, a deputy game warden and deputy United States marshal, "presented in extenua-tion of his Sunday shooting that he con-scientiously observed Saturday as his Sabbath day, and his honor replied with some asperity that he couldn't conscien-tiously accept the statement as extenua-ting evidence, and felt that a nice little plaster of about $14.30 would have to be applied." It is not likely that Mr. Quim-by observes the seventh day, but he prob-ably got as much benefit from that por-tion of the law exempting seventh-day observers as any one of them would get if arrested for Sunday work. 