488 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. " We ought to obey God rather than men," Acts 5:29. The question at issue on the occasion men-tioned, it seems, was that of local option. F. D. STARR. FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES. From "The Inalienable Rights of Man," by John R. Rogers, Governor of Washington. Man's rights come from Nature, or the Creator. A power greater than that of our own will has placed us on this earth and in doing so has given us certain rights, powers and privileges. As the children of the great All Father we possess rights through inher-itance. From these come duties. For duties exist only as the result of obligation conferred by the pos-session of rights. Without rights duties cannot exist. Rights are therefore first in importance. The truths of the Declaration of Independence thus rest upon the facts of human nature. No one, no American, will say that the Creator did not endow all men with certain inalienable rights, and all will affirm the necessary and the rightful equality of men before the law. And this is the only equality spoken of, for Jefferson wrote of rights, not abilities. As all men recognize the possession of certain rights as an inheritance from the Creator it becomes matter of importance that these rights be clearly and plainly set forth, for when this is done if it be seen that all men are not in full possession of that inher-itance with which they have been endowed by their Creator, it then is made plain that violence has been done the nature of man. And if this should appear to be the case small cause for wonder will exist that the spirit of unrest is abroad in the land. This will explain all, for nature has ever her revenges in store. We cannot outwit her. Sooner or later she must be obeyed. "Ignorance, neglect or contempt of human rights are the sole causes of public misfortunes and corruptions of government." In Days of Old. Long, long ago it used to be said that kings got their right to rule from God. He had specially or-dained them. Nobody had seen it done or knew ex-actly how it all came about ; but they believed it, and that was enough. It was an age of ignorance and credulity ; the people were ignorant and therefore credulous. Now, we know that this was a tale told by the kings and sworn to by their friends for a pur-pose. We laugh at the folly of the poor hinds who  were imposed upon by the pretensions of royalty. But the proposition was logical enough. Power, rights, privileges, do come from the Creator, from Nature. The error arose in saying that only kings had access to God's bounty. The theory of that day was that the king rightfully possessed all things, and of his own good pleasure gave away what he saw fit. We laugh at this, but let us save our mirth for ourselves. We shall need it. With all our pretensions we of the pres-ent day are imposed upon by a sillier story than that regarding royalty. Wait. God Has Given to All, or He Has Given to None. Long afterward, knowledge of man and his ways and nature and her laws having somewhat increased, a few here and there began to doubt the heaven-born character of the power that ruled them to their hurt. Time passed, many changes took place, advances were made and people began to dare to think for them-selves. Finally, a declaration of principles was put forth and a nation founded upon certain Fundamental Propositions, to-wit : * * * "All men are created equal." * * * "They are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights." * * * "To secure these rights governments are instituted among men." This being interpreted in connection with the thought of the time, meant simply this : Kings have no special privilege in the matter of rights. These come direct from the Creator to all men ; and, sec-ondly : The business of government is to secure to men the free gifts of God. This is the sum and sub-stance of the great Declaration. RELIGIOUS INTOLERANCE IN OHIO. SOME of the good people of Mansfield, Ohio, quite a number, it seems, have allowed their religious zeal to get the better of their judgment and their sense of justice, and have manifested an intolerance not at all in keeping either with Christianity or with due respect to civil rights. Some time since certain " Zionist " missionaries from this city went to Mansfield and were evidently meeting with some success in making converts, as they were mobbed and driven from the city. One of the elders has not yet recovered from his in-juries. Sunday, July 3o, Leaves of Healing, the " Zion-ist " organ printed in this city, was widely distributed in Mansfield. It is said the paper was filled with violent and bitter-attacks upon citizens -)f that city. 