Tbe 5611floneil OF CliELSTillifq LAMM 'Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of Church and State. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. TER11S OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per year $1.00 six months  .5o " " three months  To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year.. 1.23 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address. one year  .7o Club rate for three and six nirontns in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or Dr by Bank aft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of nonŁreceipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City WHAT have you done to work up a large club for our special " Love of Power and Power of Love " number, for distribution in your community? If you have done nothing why not start out to-day? As soon as you know how many you can use send us your order. For rates see advertisement found on another page. Ł Dm your subscription expire February, 1903? If so, this is the last issue you will receive unless you have renewed, or until you do  renew. It is best to send it in right away so that you will not miss a single number of the paper. Our combination offers are still good, and we would be pleased to have you take ad-vantage of any one of them. THOSE sixty-seven Bibles advertised two. weeks ago are rapidly diminishing, but if you have not secured one, and will send $1.5o to the Pacific Press Publishing Company, it W. loth St., New York City, they will probably be able to fill your order. Ł THE first order received for our special " Love of Power and Power of Love " number ' of March 12th was for 15o copies. A good beginning. How large will your order be? Ł A FEW copies of the bound volumes for 1902 are still unsold. Send us $2, and we will for-ward you one by return mail. Ł MORE than ever do I appreciate THE SEN- TINEL since it has become a weekly visitor to my house. J. M. F.J..us. Easy Washing We have a preparation that will re-move dirt and stains from clothes with very little work. Practically no rub-bing, and POSITIVELY without in-jury to the finest fabric. It is far ahead of washing powders or any other preparation. We will send you postpaid Sufficient for THREE WASHINGS FOR 10c Stamps or silver. WE WANT AGENTS in every town. Full time or spare moments. Send at once for our liberal terms. We have sold most of the 2% gross of Tablets and am afraid we shall be out of them before we can get another lot at the rate they have gone the past few days: guile a number who have had one bar before have liked it so well that they, have taken a dollar's worth this week. Enclosed find Postal Order for another 2% gross. We have sixty or more regular customers here and I have not had time to do much with the Tablets either. Mrs. C. W. P., Lewiston, Maine. Address ALFRED MALLETT, NYACK, - - - - N. Y. 