THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 399 For YOUTH AND CHILDREN. WE have selected two Bibles for the young which are low in price, not too large and heavy to be conveniently carried, but at the same time the type is large and easily read. These Bibles contain nothing but the scripture text and the mapsŠno Helps to make them thick and unwieldy. STYLE A-8 WITH REFERENCES. David's thirst for God. PSALMS. Ile praiseth God for his grace. 10 Trust not in oppression, and be- come not vain in robbery : "if riches increase, set not your heart upon. therm. 11 God hath spoken "once ; twice have I heard this; that *power be. iongeth unto God. or. me are consumed by dust winch they have throughly searched. a Job Si. 26. ra. 151 7. 6 They search out iniquities; 2  they accomplish 3a diligent search: both the inward thought of every one o/ them, and the heart, is deep. 7 But God shall shoot at them with an arrow; suddenly °shall they be This Bible has references, chapter numbers in figures, and type just like the above speci-men. It has also 14 maps and a diagram of the Temple. It is bound in French morocco, divinity circuit style, is linen lined to make it durable, has round corners and red under gold edges. The size of page is 4.)‚ by 7 inches and it is 1 Y, inches thick. PRICE, postpaid, $1.25. Be sure to order Style AŠS if you want the above. Better bindings in stock, if desired. STYLE H-1 WITHOUT REFERENCES. Exhortations PSAL MS. to praise God. lath he given to the children of men. 17 The dead praise not the Loan, neither any that go down into si-lence. 18 But we will bless the LORD from this time forth and for ever-more. Praise the Loan. PSALM 116. . The psalmist professelh his love and duly to God for his deliverance. 12 Ile el zella to be thankful. ILOVE the Loan, because he bath heard my voice and say    five of thanksgiving, and will call upon the name of the Lose. 18 I will pay my vows unto the LORD now in the presence of all his people, 19 In the courts of the Loan's house, in the midst of thee, 0 Je-rusalem. Praise ye the LORD. PSALM 117. An exhortation to praise God for his mercy and truth. OPRAISE the Lrtan, all ye nations: praise him, all ye people.   This Bible has only the scripture text and maps, and the omitting of the column of refer-ences makes the size of page much smaller, but the type is the same as in Style A-8. This Bible contains 6 maps, has chapter numbers in figures, and is bound in French morocco, divinity circuit style, is linen lined, and has round corners and red under gold edges. The size of page is sg by sg inches and it is 136 inches thick. Be sure to order Style 11-1 for this Bible. PRICE, postpaid, $1.00. The wholesale prices on Bibles have been advanced twice within the last 90 days, and we may not be able to offer these Bibles long at these reduced rates, so order at once. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING- CO., 39 Bond St., New York, N. Y. 