EDITORIAL 415 fellnallaall CONSSTOAN Lamm' Set for the defense of human rights from the standpoint of Christianity. The only periodical in the United States wholly devoted to exposing and oppos-ing the increasing movements and tendencies of the present time which either directly aim at or logically tend to the employment of the power of law in the domain of conscience, in subversion of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editoritl Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Postoffice. (See close of reading matter for terms of subscription, etc.) DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil govern-ment, and submitting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on religious ques-tions. We believe it is the right and should be the privilege of every man to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to oppose and prevent religious legisla-tion, to the end that every individual may enjoy the inestimable blessings of liberty. VOL. 17. JUNE, 1902. No. 7. Self-government is government by principle. Without self-government liberty is impossible. The power of God unto salvation is the only power by which human beings can really govern themselves. Christianity can never consent to the subjection of the individual conscience to any human authority. The Lord's day is not Caesar's day; and hence it is not for Caesar to regulate and enforce its observance. The assumption of infallibility in re-ligion and of divine right in government is contained in every statute regulating and enforcing a religious observance. The rights of an individual or a church are the same at all times, upon all days ; hence they do not need more pro-tection on Sunday than upon other days. A trend toward "stronger govern-ment" in the state usually attends and signifies a trend toward weaker govern-ment in the individuals composing the state. Ł The gospel is the power of God unto salvation. It is only through the power of the life of the perfectly self-governed, principle-governed Man, Christ Jesus, that the members of the race of which He became one, can attain to perfect self-government. Without freedom of the individual conscience there can be no such thing as a public or collective conscience. They who in their devotion to the "collective conscience" disregard the rights of the individual conscience are undermining the foundations of the structure which they are attempting to erect. The great optimists of the world are they whose lives and words have been such that they have left to all succeeding ages the inestimable legacy of inspiration to righteousness, truth, and justice. And with few exceptions these have been they 