74 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY matter, especially in religion, and for-bids him to coerce others to act against their consciences and to conform to the religious creeds they in their con-sciences disown. It awards to every man an equal right to the free and undisturbed en-joyment of his conscientious opinions in matters of religion, and allows no man to be persecuted by his fellow man for conscience' sake. It suffers no man to judge another "in respect of an holy day, or of the sabbath days." Col. 2 :16. It unreservedly concedes the moral right of one man to esteem one day above another; andŠ It as unequivocally asserts the equal rights of others to esteem all days alike. Rom. 14:5. It allows every man a right to be "persuaded in his own mind," to think and act "in respect to the sab-bath days" according to the dictates of his own religious tenets. It admonishes mankind against de-. spising and persecuting one another for their different opinions and practises relative to such indifferent matters as ceremonial observances. Romans 14. It does not hold man in bondage to those "weak and beggarly elements," the observances of "days; and months, and times, and years." Gal. 4: 10. It disclaims the use of justices of the peace and constables or any magis-trates, or other carnal weapon in the hands of civil government, to support a religion which professes to be so strongly founded in eternal truth, that "the gates [or powers] of hell shall not prevail against it." Matt. 16: 18. But if such are the doctrine and moral precepts of the Christian relig-ion, what religion is that, the language of which is yea and nay, and which. like the law in question, first forbids labor and recreation on the first day, of  the week as acts of immorality, and then permits it to be done by some, on condition that they do not believe it immoral to do so !! What religion is that which, like the law in question, deems it moral to buy and sell milk, fish and small meat on Sunday, and immoral to traffic in other articles? What religion is that which allows milk, fish and small meat to be bought and sell milk, fish and small meat on morning of the first day sabbath as a moral traffic, and prohibits the trade in the same articles at any other hour of the day, as an act of immorality? What religion is that which permits the buying and selling of large quanti-ties of small meat as a moral act, and prohibits the traffic in small pieces of large animals as intolerably wicked? What religion is that which suffers milkmen and their horses to labor on Sunday, to carry milk about to sell, and prohibits tinmen and their horses to labor, and carry about and sell the pans to put it in? What religion is that which allows its professors to make their menserv-ants and their horses which are within their gates to labor on their sabbath day to gratify their pride or administer to their pleasure or convenience, by rolling them in pomp and splendor in gilded coaches to their houses of hu-miliation and prayer ; and at the same time denounces others as meriting the lash of penal laws and eternal misery who ride on the same day on useful business or innocent recreation? What religion is that .which is of-fended by.business or, amusement car-ried on beyond the sight or hearing of its congregated votaries, who., endure with exemplary patience the rattling of their own horses' hods 444 chariot wheels at the threshold of their own temple doors time of public w,kship? 