724  THE SENTINEL OF faugilinll OF WEIMAR/ LOYEffgrr PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, II WEST 20TH ST.. NEW YORK CITY. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per ear  $1.00 monthssix     .5o  three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year   1.25 CLUBBING RATE. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  per copy.Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. The Librarian of Congress, Washington, D. C., is very desirous of securing complete vol-umes of THE SENTINEL for the Congressional Library. He lacks Vols. i to 12 inclusive. We are unable to supply them. If any of our read-ers can supply one or more of these volumes, and is willing to donate them for this purpose, we know that they will be appreciated, and be-lieve that they will do much good. Any one who can furnish any of the above should write us before forwarding any papers. Recently THE SENTINEL has received sev-eral letters to which the writers omitted sign-ing their names. If the party in Whitehall, Ill.. who wrote us the latter part of August, will send us his or her name, we will be pleased to reply to the letter. Some one in Washing-ton, D. C., sent us a subscription and remit- CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tance for THE SENTINEL, but as no name was signed we cannot fill the order. This letter was mailed from Station "C," Washington, D. C. The post-mark on another envelope, which con-tained a remittance, is so indistinct that we cannot tell from what place, or even what State it came. It looks as though the name of the place might begin with "St." This letter was mailed Aug. 21, 4 P. M. If the writers of the above letters see this notice, please let us hear from you at once. TO FOREIGN SUBSCRIBERS Please notice the date of expiration of your subscription, which appears each month on your wrapper. If it has expired, or will ex-pire within a month, renewal should be made at once, as unrenewed subscriptions will be cut off from the list. The October Life Boat is to be a "Special Home and Social Purity" number. There are many wretched and many unhappy homes in the land, and it is the aim of this special num-ber to teach its readers how to make better homes. A number of prominent writers have contributed to this number, among whom are Dr. Mary Wood-Allen, Dr. J. H. Kellogg, Mrs. J. H. Kellogg, A. T. Jones, Mrs. W. S. Sadler, and others. If you know of a home in your community which would be helped by a copy of this is-sue send the publishers a two-cent stamp and they will mail a copy direct to the person you name. Address, The Life Boat, 28 33rd Place, Chi-cago, Ill. I receive more instruction from THE SEN-TINEL than from any one of the papers I am receiving either monthly or weekly. L. F. STARR. THE GOOD HEALTH BATH CABINET. A portable appliance for giving vapor baths at home. Recom-mended by Battle Creek Sani-tarium physicians. Good in health, beneficial in disease. Used for breaking up colds and chills and relieving soreness of the muscles, rheumatism, etc. Write for descriptive circular. Agents wanted. GOOD HEALTH PUB. CO., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. 