-474 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY manner of labor, business or work except works of necessity and charity, was enacted in the year 1782. Previous to 1782 the law for-bidding labor on the Sabbath day was (with the exception of the special exceptions allowed in section 3 of the present law) more liberal than it is to-day. All the acts of the Province for the due observance of the Lord's day were in so far as working was concerned framed so Łas to prohibit persons from doing only " any labor, business or work of their ordinary call-ing." Under these enactments a person might lawfully do any act on the Sabbath however secular or temporal, provided it was not in-cluded within the class of dealings or trans-actions which might properly be deemed to be-long to his ordinary and usual employment on week days. The statute of 1782, however, amended the old law and prohibited a still wider range of work by omitting from the statute the clause which limited the prohibi-tion to the " ordinary callings of persons " and by extending it so as to prohibit "any manner of labor, business or work except works of necessity and charity." The meaning of this statute is obvious. As already said, the statute of 1782 is still law. The question as to what sort of labor is to be considered a work of necessity or charity un-der the statute has been frequently adjudicated by the courts, and it is beyond the scope of this opinion to give all the decisions thereon. It suffices to say that the words have been given their ordinary meaning, the difficulty be-ing to apply them always correctly to the facts. The most instructive case that I know of in this connection is that of the Commonwealth vs. Josselyn, 97 Mass. 411, where a man was arrested under the statute because he hoed in his garden back of his house on the Lord's day. The defendant was a shoemaker who was obliged to work at his trade for six days out of seven. On a Sunday morning about eight o'clock he hoed a few potato hills in the garden back of his house which were " un-finished and in very bad condition and suffer-ing for want of hoeing," and at the trial his counsel contended that this was a work of necessity and did not therefore come within the prohibition of the statute. It was stated by the court, however, and this statement was afterwards approved by the full bench of the Supreme Judicial Court, that " if the jury was satisfied that the defendant performed the labor on the Sunday in question as alleged, he was liable to the penalty of the statute, although he might have been unable to complete the cultiva- tion of his garden during the other six days of the week in consequence of having been occupied at his trade or other engagement or employment." A conviction followed. In an-other case it was held that the gathering of some seaweed at about ten o'clock on the evening of the Lord's day on a beach at a considerable distance from any house or pub-lic road was not a work of necessity although the seaweed would probably be floated away beyond reach unless then gathered. (Common-wealth vs. Sampson, 97 Mass. 407.) As regards present violations of the above portion of the statute I have not undertaken to gather instances of the same; but I have no doubt that if it is the desire of the common council to enforce the law they can find viola-tions ad infinitum. Prohibition Against SportŠIts History Leaving the portion of the law which deals Ł with labor, I now turn to that part which pro-hibits a person from taking part in any sport, game or play. This law is of still more an-cient origin. It first appears in a statute of the year 1653 of the Colonial Laws, which pro-hibited any one from " uncivilly walking in the streets and fields, travelling from town to town, going on shipboard, frequenting Com-mon Houses and other places to Drink, Sport or otherwise to misspend that precious time." During the next forty years several amend-ments were passed increasing the penalties, and in 1692 it was enacted that " no trades-man, artificer, laborer, or other person what-soever, shall, upon the land or water, do or exercise any labour, business or work of their ordinary callings nor use any game, sport, play or recreation on the Lord's day or any part thereof (works of necessity and charity only excepted)." In the year 1836 the law was again amended by striking out the words " nor use" and the words " or recreation," and inserting in the place of the former the words "take part in," so that the statute read as follows : No person shall keep open his shop, ware-house, or workhouse, or shall do any manner of labor, business or work, except only works of necessity and charity, or be present at any dancing, or any public diversion, show, or en-tertainment, or take part in any sport, game or play on the Lord's day. In a later amendment the words "public diversion " were added to the amusements in which a person was forbidden to take part, and still later (Statutes 1895, c. 432 s. 2) a clause was inserted by which the proprietor, manager or person in charge of such game, 