EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 409 man who opposed the modification of the Pennsylvania Sunday law at the legis-lative hearing last winter. We are told that Chief Justice Love, of the Delaware supreme court, " after a careful reading " of the " call " for the convention in Wil-mington, " signed it with cordial willing-ness, saying, ' I am with you in every particular.' " The " call " for the Kan-sas convention was first sent to " one hundred ministers of various denomina-tions in the principal towns of the State for their own signatures and the signa-tures of other citizens." Then, " when signed," it was sent " with program and other documents to all ministers and to all newspapers in the State." This shows how these conventions are worked up. A published report of the " National Re-form " Association for the year ending June 1 states that " it is impossible to enumerate the many local meetings which have been held during the past year in advocacy of the principles and measures of the National Reform movement," and that " exclusive of the Christian States-man, more than a million pages of liter-ature have been printed during the year, and nearly that amount distributed." It is evident that there is still work to do in opposing this church-and-state move-ment. Ł One of the things that is to be included in the " suitable exhibit " of " our national Christianity " which is to be made under the auspices of the " National Reform " Association at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition, is to be " a conspectus of the Sabbath laws of all the States and Terri-tories." A late number of the Christian Statesman thus describes the preparation and character of this " conspectus " : It was a laborious undertaking. It required the transcribing of these laws. It required the examination and transcription of all the im-portant judicial decisions relating to these laws. It required the classifying of the States with reference to the character of their laws, and the character of the decisions of the courts.  It required the preparation of the results for publication. The greater part of the work has been done. The laws have all been tran-scribed, the judicial opinions examined and copious extracts made, and there has been some progress made in the work of classify-ing the States aeld in preparing the final re-port for publication. It is intended that this work shall show the present condition of our Sabbath laws, whether the tendency has been toward. greater or less laxity as to the char-acter of our legislation, on what grounds the constitutionality of these laws is sustained, and what the courts have done either to help or to hinder the cause of Sabbath observance. Ł The following special dispatch to the New York Tribune from Rome under date of June 16 conveys the latest news regarding a matter that we have had it in mind for six weeks to notice in THE.  SENTINEL: Ł The Vatican has received a strong report from the friars in the Philippines against the apostolic delegate, Monsignor Guidi, saying that he is entirely in the hands of Governor Taft, whom they call an agent of the Free Masons, with an intention to banish, not only Roman Catholicism, but Christianity, from the archipelago. They urgently request the Vat-ican to order Monsignor Guidi to follow a different policy, and to use all influence pos-sible for the recall of Governor Taft. They favor the appointment of General Leonard Wood, who, they say, would as easily settle Roman Catholic questions in the Philippines. as he did those in Cuba. We place in italics the portion of the above directly touching upon the matter or matters to which we refer. Something more on this will be presented soon. Ł A campaign for the purpose of secur-ing the enactment of a State Sunday law is now in process of evolution in Cali-fornia. At a recent meeting of repre-sentatives of the Presbyterian, Meth-odist, and Congregational ministerial unions of San Francisco it was decided to call a meeting of representatives of all the ministerial unions in the State for the purpose of effecting a State organ-ization to push the Sunday-law cam-paign. 