THE SABBATH (SUNDAY) LAW 615 The notion in Europe generally is that the Vatican will not do any yielding un-less it has to. The Journal des De-bats (Paris) infers, consequently, "that the difficulties which could not be smoothed away in Rome will be found equally insuperable when taken up in Manila."ŠThe Literary Digest ("For-eign Topics" Dept.) August 16. .y This is the first time that the Ameri-can Government has ever given a formal or implied recognition to the po-litical status of the PopeŠa status it need  hardly be said on which a wide and ir-reconcilable difference of opinion exists among the people of Christendom.. President Roosevelt has established a reputation as a maker of precedents, some of them wise and some apparently otherwise. We may only observe that Švotes or no votesŠreligious differences and sectarian prejudices, ambitions and designs are dangerous things to meddle with under any circumstances, and es-pecially so when they are mixed up with questions of politics and government.ŠLeslie's Weekly (Pro-Administration). Ł:* The Sabbath (Sunday) Law [We do not know when we have seen so much good sense on the question of Sunday enforcement in so few words as is to be found in the brief, simple, direct statement given below. It appeared in a little newspaper down in Arkansas, the Lamar (Ark.) Leader, of July 25, and, as will be seen, had reference to an ordinance recently passed by the Lamar town council.ŠEnrroR.] WE are opposed to the Sabbath law recently passed by the town council of Lamar. One class of religious people say Sun-day is the Sabbath, and keep Sunday holy. Another class of religious people say Saturday is the Sabbath, and keep Sat-urday holy. So the civil authorities might have some trouble in deciding which day is the Sabbath. The keeping of the Sabbath is a relig-idus.  observance, and the civil law has no right to enforce a religious observ-ance. To that extent it is a union of church and stateŠstrictly contrary to the very basic principles of our government. The only kind of a Sabbath law we fa-vor is a law to protect each and every individual in his right to keep holy any day or no day in the week. The State law of Arkansas permits those who keep Saturday to work and transact business on Sunday, so the town law is in conflict with the State law. It can never be a crime to do on Sun-day what is not a crime on MondayŠthat is, what is lawful to do on Monday should be lawful to do on Sunday. Whether the act be sinful or not must be left to the individual conscience. According to the town ordinance if a person is sick on Sunday he could buy no medicine; if he is hot and thirsty he could buy no ice or cold drinks ; if he is hungry he could buy no meat or bread. This is a most ridiculous law. The first person to be arraigned for Sabbath breaking 'was, we believe, Jesus Christ, who was hungry, and gathered corn on the Sabbath day. Christ rebuked his accusers and said the Sabbath was made for man, not man for the Sabbath. 