EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 519 Ł I New York where a policeman arrested a man for remarking to him as he was arresting a small grocer for making some petty sale on Sunday, that it was a shame to arrest a man for such a trivial cause. Justice Gaynor says that the treatment of the grocer as if he had committed some serious criminal offense was as un-warranted, illegal, and despotic as was the arrest of the bystander. And this is the sort of thing that is being promoted everywhere throughout the country by clergymen who set themselves up as champions of. " law and order " ! In their enforcement of Sunday laws they are really in many cases trampling upon some of the most vital principles of the law. The Mormon Eastern States Mission, with headquarters in Brooklyn, recently applied to Mayor Low of New York for ten street preachers' permits. The mayor replied that he saw " no sufficient basis for granting the application," but that he would grant one permit " lest a failure to do so would seem to imply that the civil authorities can pass upon such ap-plications from the religious point of view." The mayor protested too much in this matter, and has implied just what he did not wish to seem to imply. His action seems to have been dictated by a desire to restrict and prevent the preach-ing of Mormons because they are Mor-mons, and reluctance to have it seem that he was acting from such desire. The New York Christian Advocate says that the mayor's action was " practically a passing upon the application from the religious point of view." There has been in the last year or two much com-plaint from religious sources over the preaching and work of the Mormons in and about New York, and it is very prob-able that this has something to do with their failure to secure permits to preach on the streets. Having raised a " disturbing question " with regard to the title to church build-ings which they claim, but never owned, the Roman. Catholic Church authorities in Porto Rico are succeeding in having it settled as they want it settled. All the municipal rights to the church buildings at Guayama, Arroyo, and Salinas were recently ceded by the municipal author-ities to the Catholic Church. Although under the old regime the Spanish govern-ment owned the buildings and the muni-cipalities maintained them, so that there could seem to be no question that they were the property of the civil authority, " the question of their ownership has been disputed ever since the United States took over the island." It is said that the ac-tion in these three places " follows the lines recommended by Governor Hunt, and it is believed that the same policy will prevail throughout the island, thus settling this disturbing question." It is gratifying to know that while the Catholic Church is obtaining title to property that does not belong to her, she will not be able any longer to sponge upon the civil authority for its maintenance. In an opinion upon the recent decision of the Privy Council regarding Ontario's " Lord's Day " legislation, Deputy Attor-ney-General Cartwright says " the effect will be to wipe out those sections in the general act which were passed since con-federation," but that " the ordinary trans-actions of bargain and sale will be still prohibited as they were in the original act." This will " cover a wide field." The bishop of the' Russian Church at Kishinef,  f, the scene of the Jewish mas-sacre, has instructed the clergy under him to seek by sermons in the churches and admonitions elsewhere to eradicate the religious hatred against the Jews. Such instruction should have been given long ago. 