Agaillla.linneil COEUSTIARI L111133ERTS' A weekly publication devoted to the maintenance and defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore opposed to any violation or compromise of the principle of separa- Hon of church and state. Non-sectarian and non-partisan in the application of principles. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Published by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. To whom all communications of a business nature should be addressed. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the Part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single cor, persTs m  year " three months  To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six montns in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor- respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OP CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magaiine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. " A section of the Boston clergymen are against the practise of Sunday fu-nerals," reports a Massachusetts pa-per.. Messrs. J. L. Ried & Co., Priestley & McIntire, and T. G. Carter & Son, "prb-prietors of the meat markets in the city of Windsor," Mo., recently gave "notice to the public" through the lo-cal paper that they had agreed "to close and keep closed our respective places of business on the Seventh day of the week, commonly called Sunday." Evidently these gentlemen prepared their notice without consulting the calendar. At Camden, N. J., on December 13 the pastor of the State Street Meth-odist Episcopal church declared, in a sermon on the "Sabbath" question, that "there is a great need of proper protection of the Lord's day," and that he "desired to publicly commend the grocers' association in its attempt to close grocery stores on the Sabbath." He thought that "one of our national dangers is the desecration of the Lord's day." At Carman, Manitoba, on December 20, "after the evening services, a mass-meeting was held in the Presbyterian church to consider the subject of Sab-bath observance," and "addresses were delivered by the Rev. J. R. Coutts, Rev. E. A. Davis, and Mr. J. Haverson, barrister, and president of the Carman branch of the Canadian Lord's Day Al-liance." Mr. Coutts' "dwelt on the fundamental fact that the Sabbath was divinely instituted," and "objected to Sunday visiting, saying that it prevents people from 'attending church." Mr. Davis "proved from Scripture that one day in seven should be devoted to rest and worship," and declared that " if the Sabbath were abolished; the spiritŠual tone of the community would be lowered, immorality would increase, while the people would sink. mentally and physically to a lower level." Mr. Haverson "referred to Sabbath dese-cration noticed by him when visiting an American city." St.oe .50  .25 1.50 