EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 757 and "deprive the young of the only opportunity they have for a knowledge of the truth as it is in Jesus, and re- vealed only in His Word." In response to this the paper stated its position thus : 1. We believe in the Bible from Gen-esis to Revelation inclusive. It is the Word of God, the only Word of life, to perishing humanity. 2. It should be taught by the parent to the child from its earliest infancy, as the Lord directed in Deut. 6: 4-8, and many other scriptures; and God will hold all parents responsible for neglect in this respect. He has never told them that they could do this by proxy through some unbelieving state, or teacher. 3. The teaching of the youth and the aged and the world God has committed to His church. He has placed her here as the "light of the world," "the salt of the earth," to hold "forth the Word of life." If she is faithless to that trust, she may not deputize another. Her commission is to hold up the light, to shine, not to commission those apart from her communion. To do this is for the Israel of God to appoint Baby-lon or Egypt to teach her children, be-cause, forsooth, she herself has not time and opportunity. All the religious in-struction of the young should be given by the home and the church. 4. We are glad to have God's Book read by any one, or anywhere, if either reader or hearer can be helped, whether it be Confucianist, Mohammedan, Bud-dhist, Roman Catholic, infidel, Uni-tarian, Christian, and in barrooms, ho-tels, gambling-hells, colleges, schools, mosques, or churches. 5. But to enforce the reading of the Bible in the public schools, or demand it, is a different thing. It is neither Christian nor just. The public school is for the children of the public, made up of every sort and kind of belief. This government was not founded by Christians for Christians, but by men for men. A public-school district may be made up wholly of Christians. If a Christian teacher taught, and no one objected to the reading of the Bible,  it might be read in the school. Again, a school district may be composed of a Protestant family, a Catholic, an infidel, a Unitarian ; but if one patron or sup-porter of that school objected, the teacher would have no right to read it in school hours, or to compel attend-ance upon its reading. 6. It would not be just to do this, because the Catholic and the atheist whoŁ paid taxes for the support of the school have as much right, in simple human justice, to say that Protestant-ism and Christianity shall not be taught their children as the Protestant has to say that infidelity or Catholicism shall not be taught. The gOvernment has no right to tax a man .to pay for relig-ious teaching which he does not be-lieve, though that teaching be right. 7. It is not Christian to demand that any kind of religious teaching shall be enforced. Jesus said : "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." And the Golden Rule teaches that "all things therefore what-soever ye would that men should do unto you, even so do ye also unto them ; for this is the law and the prophets." As the Christian should wish the infidel to do unto him, if the infidel had the power, so ought the Christian to do unto the infidel. But this view, the only just one we can conceive in connection with our present public-school system, does not "deprive the young of the only oppor-tunity they have of a knowledge of the truth," if the church does its duty. And if the church of Christ did her duty, she would educate her children from infancy to manhood herself. She would not seek to turn such education over to a secular government, taught by teachers of every shade of belief and no belief. If the church were standing in the light, she would know that no con-sistent religion could be taught that way. In conclusion, we say again, We be-lieve the Bible. We believe in the di-vine mission of God's church to teach the Bible. We rejoice that it has such free, glorious scope at the present time. But we do not believe that the church or Christian parents can deputize the world to teach God's truth to any one, 