844 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY on Sunday," and that the sale for which he had been arraigned was made by a clerk to a customer who represented that he was much in need of winter under-wear, and who was informed by the clerk at the time that the sale was being made entirely upon the clerk's responsibility, Mr. Behling was discharged. Ł On November 10 Rev. J. B. Davidson, Secretary of the Wisconsin Sunday Rest Association, was in Menasha, Wis., for the purpose of "instilling enthusiasm enough into Menasha for the proper en-forcement of the Sunday observance laws." The ministers of the place, in-cluding the Catholic priest, were called together in counsel. It was expected that Mr. Davidson's visit would result in the formation of a "civic reform society," and that then a "reform movement" would be launched. On complaint of members of the local Christian Endeavor organization four members of the Albany, Iowa, baseball team were arrested on September 7 "for playing baseball on Sunday," and were convicted by a jury and fined $io each on October 7. The Endeavor organization employed an attorney to conduct the prosecution. The Waterloo (Iowa) Courier says the outcome of this prosecu-tion "means that Sunday baseball in Al-bany County is a thing of the past unless the State legislature amends that section of the penal code this winter." A citizen of Grinnell, Iowa, recently demanded with some warmth through the Herald of that place : "Will some one please tell us by what authority the pea-nut shop on the corner of Main Street and Fourth Avenue, with roaster in full blast on the sidewalk in front, is per-mitted to run wide open for business oft Sundays ?" In his opinion the selling of  peanuts and cigars at this place on the "Sabbath" was "a disgrace to the self-respecting, law-abiding citizens of Grin-nell," and he demanded that there should be "a decent respect for the Sabbath day." A game of baseball that was to have been played in Elmira, N. Y., on a recent Sunday afternoon was prevented from coming off by order of Chief of Police Cassada. "There is a State law against Sunday baseball playing," and Chief Cassada "promptly put a veto on the Sabbath-breaking" by announcing the day before the game was to be played that if it was started "arrests would be made of all violators of the law." This order was issued after the chief had been visited "by several people who are inter-ested in Sunday observance." Ł A game of football that was in prog-ress at Jasper Field in the neighborhood of the West 125th Street police station in New York City on November 9, was stopped by policemen. Two persons "who were apparently in charge of the financial end of the game," were first arrested by detectives and taken to the station. The detectives immediately re-turned to the scene of the game with a roundsman and four policemen, evident-ly with the intention of arresting all the players, but "when the detachment ar-rived not a player nor a spectator was in sight." The eighteen members of two baseball teams, one of them from Utica, were all arrested on September 21 while playing a game of ball just outside the city limits of the town of Little Falls, N. Y. The arrests were made by the sheriff on war-rants secured by clergymen of Little Falls, who, it is said, have been fighting Sunday ball playing all the summer. The 