EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 631 Board of Regents, of which he is the presiding officer. If he succeeds, the clergy who are and other clergy who may become regents will have their say-so in school matters. The people of the State of New York are appa-rently apathetic to the issues at stake. The legislature, however, at its last session appointed a committee to investigate the edu-cational system in the State and to recommend to the next session of the legislature such action as may seem best to the committee. It is hoped that the committee will vigorously oppose placing the public schools under any board or department in which the clergy have seats. The committee, emulating the wisdom of the founders of the State, should recom-mend, and the people should adopt, an amend-ment to the State constitution restoring to that organic law the provision to prohibit ministers of the gospel from holding political office. The adoption of such an amendment would be the surest way to rid the people of attempted cler-ical interference in the public schools. The public school system is the bulwark of free institutions, and as such must be controlled by the people. Ecclesiastics and the church never must be allowed to touch it. The educational au-thorities of New York State and the heads of departments of the New York City government have recently been re-quested by representatives of the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations " to relieve Jewish students and employees from the necessity of infringing their re-ligious scruples by taking examinations and attending to their regular duties on the Day of Atonement and other holy days." In response the secretary of the organization named received com-munications from the secretary of the State Board of Regents and the State Superintendent of Public Instruction stat-ing that " we try as far as possible to avoid these conflicts [of examination days with days observed as holy days]," and that arrangements would be made so that the examinations scheduled for October and 2 could be taken at a time agreeable to those who desired to observe Yom Kip- pur ; and this from Mayor Low, under date of September 4: DEAR SIR: While, as you are aware, no of-ficial recognition can be taken of religious holi-days of any kind, as such, I cannot imagine that any public official in the city government would decline to grant a leave of absence to any one under his control who, in good faith, asks for such leave on grounds of conscience for the days you specify. Yours very truly, SETH Low, Mayor. In writing to the press before Mayor Low's communication had been received the secretary of the Jewish organization said of the response of the educational authorities that it was " another proof of the liberality with which all the authori-ties of our State institutions are willing to receive requests made on behalf of our people for the removal of disabilities or the granting of concessions in order that members of our faith may enjoy the full-est religious liberty.' " Such a conces-sion is in the interests of religious liberty, for without involving any recognition of religious holy days as such it relieves those to whom it is made of the necessity of violating their conscientious convic-tions with respect to the observance of such days or else suffering disabilities be-cause of heeding sucIr convictions. It is not a recognition of religious observances, but a recognition within proper bounds of the conscientious scruples of those who wish to participate in such observances. A Florida Editor Op- The editor of the poses Sunday En- Daily News, Pensa- forcement cola, Fla., takes the right attitude toward the Sunday-enforce-ment spirit, which has been manifested in that city during the past summer, and which is still at work. These paragraphs recently appeared in the editorial columns of the News: It is a disregard for the wishes of others that will permit of the enactment of laws that take Away the natural rights of any citizen without benefiting anybody. The legislature of Alabama now has before A Proper Recognition and Concession 