40 Ł THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY place the doers of them outside the pale of Christmas. One of the things which was done on the eve of Christmas in Magistrate South's court was ,yesterday told in our local columns. It is so pathetic a story that we are constrained to repeat it in this place ; it is not only pathetic, it is eloquent of the cruel wrong that may be done by overzealous, misguided agents of a cause which in itself in its higher purpose and intent may be good. At this point was embodied in the editorial the full account of the pa- thetic court scene of which poor Mrs. Kelly was the central figure. The Public Ledger then continued : We make no comment upon this nar-rative, except to give grateful, honor-able recognition to the good, wise mag-istrate who- indignantly refused to shame the wholesome spirit of Christ-mas by consummating the great wrong intended. There is no comment which could be made upon the story, no re-flection upon those who persecuted the widow and her orphans, and who abused the name of Christianity in do-ing it, that could so condemn them as the bare police report of their un-christian desecration of the Christmas spirit. A great English lover of his fel-lowmen, speaking through the kindly spirit of Christmas, said of some of those of his day who in the name of re-ligion oppressed the widow and the orphan: "There are some upon this earth of ours who do their deeds of pas-sion, prejudice, suspicion and bigotry in our name who are as strange to us as if they had never lived." Apparently some of them 'still live to twist the truth awry. The " Public Ledger " Announces the Ground of Its Opposition And two days later under the head-ing, "The Blue Law Movement," the following appeared as the leading edi-torial in the Public Ledger: It is clear that the mind of Philadel-phia is much concerned over the ques-tion of enforcing observance of Sunday by the methods employed by the com-mittee which has charged itself with  this duty. The controversy refuses to be quieted ; conscience is too pro- foundly stirred on both sides. This paper is desirous that the ground of its opposition to the blue-law campaign be understood. The Public Ledger does not doubt the pious intention of the instigators of the movement. It has never ques-tioned their sincerity. Yet it can well understand, and cannot find it -in its heart to reprove with indignation, those who do doubt the sincerity and mis-trust the piety of reformet's who are blind to great evils and so keen-eyed for small ones. It is itself clear in its conviction that these good people are at all events unwise ; that they lack the sense of proportion; that they are frittering away energy that ought to be employed about more important busi-ness. This is, and has been, the posi-tion of the Public Ledger. It opposes the blue-law movement, regarding it as a moral farce; it proposes to continue to ridicule it as such, to show up the character and methods of its agents, and to call upon its supporters to turn their wrath upon objects worthy of it. It might be objected to the present movement that its promoters are as guilty as the shopkeepers they hale to court. The shopkeepers sell on Sun-day ; the committee buys. Both might be described as parties to the law-breaking;`only it is the committee which provokes the misdemeanor. The point might be pressed that the moral sense is outraged by the spectacle of an of-fender charged before a court with a crime which he had been tempted to. commit_ by the witness against him. Time and again it has been shown in court that the committee's spies so-licited shopkeepers to sell to them ; in some cases they made their way into the' little store in the absence of the proprietors and persuaded children to accept money for cigars, or the like ; in other cases they were insulting when their solicitations failed. It might be urged that the morals of a city are not likely much to be benefited by an as- sociation which solicits to, provokes and shares in, a series of offenses against a law which it exists to enforce. The ethical elevation of the method is 