EDITORIAL 239 "Liberty for rest for each individual de-pends upon a law of rest for all." Hoped no one present worked on Sun-day, and asked if there was a single per-son who wanted to lose his Sunday rest. Declared that the ioo,000 railway em-ployees of this country who are com-pelled to work on Sunday are slaves of civilization. In emphasizing the great importance of Sunday rest, said that he had recently been informed that even a razor must be given a certain amount of rest, because continued use would destroy its temper and fine edge and impair its usefulness. He thought that what was true of razors in this respect was true of men, and that if they did not rest on Sunday their use-fulness aid ability would be greatly im-paired if not entirely destroyed. Declared that labor organizations are rapidly coming to the decision that Sun-day rest cannot be preserved on the holi-day basis, but must be secured on the grounds of religion. Said that there were 5o,000 marketmen in New York at the present time who stood for the Sunday closing of butcher shops, with only 30o Polish Jews oppos-ing, who, he added, as if it were a matter only worthy of ridicule, "doubtless want Saturday as their Sabbath." Declared that it was but a matter of time when every shop, store, saloon, and theatre would be closed in New York on Sun-days. Declared that the theatres were open on Sundays in plain violation of the law, and read the State statute on the subject. Referring to statements re-cently made in a public address to the effect that people should have the right to do what they chose on Sunday so long as they respected the rights and liberty of others, he declared such a doctrine to be utterly wrong and foolishŠ"the very height of folly." He said that anyone  who would take the trouble to read the State laws on the subject would soon learn that there were many things that a person had a right to do on other days that he had no right to do on Sunday. He gloried in the fact that "many strong Catholics are united with us in our efforts to preserve Sunday rest." He mentioned by name a prominent Catholic lawyer of New York City, who, he de-clared, was "a member of our law com-mittee." He also read the following utterance as a recent contribution from Archbishop Ireland to the Sunday cause: "Our religion will take care of itself; we need not fear for that; but if we allow the Sunday rest day to be de-stroyed there will be no way to teach religion, for we will not be able to get the people to church." Repeated cheering marked the course and conclusion of the address, and on the whole the gathering had far more of the air of a political demonstration than it did of a religious meeting. In the course of his remarks the speaker declared that he was not present for the purpose of discussing the Fourth Commandment, and, notwithstanding the fact that the whole emphasis and burden of his ad-dress was with regard to a religious ob-servance which he constantly referred to as "the Sabbath," his references to the Fourth Commandment were made with' a lightness so plainly devoid of the spirit of reverence that a large portion of the audience burst into laughter. The Christian Advocate sees in the present agitation in New York an effort "to mortgage Sunday to the saloon." To the extent that they are responsible for Sunday legislation, and in taking the at-titude that they do with regard to it they assume entire responsibility for it, the churches have already set a very con- 