NOTE AND COMMENT 389 during the "Boxer" outbreak, exempted from the operation of the law, has occa-sioned considerable humorous comment at Mr. Quay's expense. In the course of the debate preceding the defeat of the amendment one senator remarked that its adoption would make Mr. Quay "the most successful of all the missionaries who ever labored for the conversion of the Chinese," and that "every Chinaman seeking entrance into the United States would declare that Missionary Quay had persuaded him to become a Christian." Mr. Quay declared that he hoped it "would have the effect of Christianizing the whole Chinese empire." There was one point made by Mr. Quay, however, that was not very lame. He compared those favoring the drastic legislation pro-posed against the Chinese to the "Box-ers," saying that the motto of the latter was, "Exclude the foreign devils ; China for the Chinese ;" and the motto of the former was, "Exclude the Chinese; America for the Americans." The English nation is feeling more and more the despotism of war and is being made to realize that imperialism is a costly disease. During the past few months some English newspapers have been congratulating the country on the activity of business, and have tried to convince themselves and others that after all the Boer war was a great beneftt to the nation. But level-headed observers have seen that this was but the fatal stimulation which desperate conditions always produce. Now the nation is stirred by the extension of taxation upon the food of the people which has come because of the enormous expense of the Boer war. The annual budget statement of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, presented to the House of Commons on April 14, reveals the fact that England is under the dire  necessity of taxing everything that can yield a revenue, even if it means the overthrow of. the famous free-trade pol-icy of the nation and the return to the "dear bread" conditions of the famous.  Corn Laws, which were repealed in 1849. The total war expense during the past three years has been so far ii65,o34,000. or upwards of $825,000,000. Of this vast sum, which, by the way, is about the amount spent annually in England for intoxicating beverages, $598,o7o,000 has already been raisedŠ$37o,97o,000 from borrowings and $227,1oo,000 from spe-cial taxation, leaving a large deficit now to be met from further loans and addi-tional taxes. This is to be met by float-ing another loan of $16o,000,000, sus-pending the sinking fund, issuing ex-chequer bills, and the increase of taxa-tion as follows : A duty of threepence per hundredweight on all imported grain ; a duty of fivepence per hundred-weight on flour and meal ; an increase of the income tax a penny in the pound; a one-penny tax on dividend warrants ; and two-penny stamps on checks, instead of one penny as heretofore. While the im-port tax upon breadstuffs is not heavy, it will meet with the condemnation of a large portion of the English people, espe-cially the poorer and the working classes, and will be regarded by many others as a distinctly backward step politically and economically, as it undoubtedly is. It is to the interests of England to have free entry of agricultural products, and when she begins to impose a duty upon 'them she hangs about her neck a stone that will drag her down. But this is the pen-alty of warŠof imperialism. It is said that not since the Napoleonic wars has Great Britain been so beset financially. The Boer war, which was expected at the outset to be over in a few months and to cost about $5o,000,000, has al-ready entailed a bonded obligation rising 