556 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY on behalf of the Methodist Church, and Rev. D. R. Drummond, of St. Thomas, for the Presbyterian Church. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, in replying, said he could speak both for the government and the' country in saying that this was a question of national importance, and that they would all agree in praising the Christian Sunday. He referred with regret to the deplorable absence of Sunday observance he had noticed in France, and trusted that such condition of things would never prevail in Canada. He had not yet seen Potts, of Toronto, presented the delegation, the Privy Council judgment, but assuming  and briefly pointed out the national importance that it declared that the Dominion must have Jurisdiction of proper legislation regarding Sabbath observ- urisdiction in such matters, he had no hesita- ance. Rev. J. G. Shearer (Toronto), general sec-retary of the Alliance, then presented a mem-orial setting forth the views and requests of the delegation. The memorial reviewed the proceedings which led to the Privy Council's decision as to the Ontario Lord's Day Act, and stated that they were therefore " com-pelled to look to the Dominion government to rebuild the walls of defense of the national Sabbath that have thus been broken down." The result of this decision invalidated legislation in Quebec, New Brunswick, and Nova Scotia, leav-ing only the most fragmentary legal safeguard of the Sabbath, which might lead to aggressive action on the part of corporations. Ontario was not threatened to the same extent. The worst results would follow in the far west, which was left " practically defenseless against the inroads that greed and selfishness are ever ready to make upon the integrity of the Sab-bath." They therefore urged that Dominion legis-lation be speedily passed to prevent ordinary business and sports being carried on on Sunday. They were not yet prepared to submit a state-ment of their requirements, but desired that whatever legislation might be introduced should be brought as a government measure. The memorial pointed out that certain elec-tric railways were securing legislation, em-powering them to run cars on Sundays, chiefly for pleasure excursions, to resorts where they could " engage in practises not consistent with the prevailing sentiment in Canada as to the uses to which the Lord's Day might rightly be put." They therefore asked that in such cases the government should publicly state that the plea of vested rights would not be acknowl-edged when the question of Sunday legislation should come up in the House. Rev. Dr. Carman, of Toronto, spoke briefly ment," is described in this " special " to the Toronto Mail and Empire: Ottawa, Aug. 13.ŠAt ten o'clock this morn-ing a delegation representing the Lord's Day Alliance of Canada, the Trades and Labor Congress, and the various churches of Canada,* waited upon the government to express their views as to the situation created by the recent decision of the Privy Council with regard to provincial jurisdiction in Sabbath legislation. They were cordially received by Sir Wilfrid Laurier and Sir William Mulock. Rev. Dr. tion in saying that the government would see its way to accede to the wishes of the delega-tion, and introduce a Lord's Day act. Of course there would be differences of opinion as to what should be included in such an act, but he thought they would find a common basis on which to agree. It would be impossible to introduce such an act this session. He em-phatically assured the delegation that their re-quest with regard to "vested rights " of electric railways, etc., for running on Sundays should not exempt them from the provisions of the future Lord's Day act. When the bill should be finally passed these and all other corpora-tions must be subject to its provisions. So the " government," through the Premier, is pledged to introduce and to attempt to pass a Sunday bill at the next session of Parliament. The strength of the organization which thus enlists the government " in its cause and which will back it up at Ottawa and throughout the Dominion in carrying that cause through, is indicated by this extract from the press report of the meeting of the executive committee of the " Lord's Day " Alliance : The general secretary, Rev. J. G. Shearer, reported that there were at present four hun-dred branches-255 in Ontario, 20 in Quebec, i6 in New Brunswick, 42 in Nova Scotia, 5 in Prince Edward Island, 31 in Manitoba, i6 in the Northwest Territories, and 15 in Brit-ish Columbia. The present membership was 22,000, and the outlook was very hopeful. The finances were in excellent condition, the pro-gramme for next year calling for on outlay of $6,200 to be provided pro rata by the different Provinces. The Rev. Dr. Carman was added to the executive board. Rev. Dr. Potts, Toronto, presided. Ł 