EDITORIAL 837 of the nation were "irregular and at long intervals." A writer in the New York Mail and Express says that "although it is now peculiarly so," the custom of appointing a public thanksgiving day "was not an American custom at all," the early col-onists having "brought over the custom from Europe, and their forefathers had borrowed it from ancient Israel." Thus it is traced right back to the theocracy of Israel, and it is undoubtedly a custom that comports much better with a theo-cratic government than it does with a government that reckons among its most fundamental principles that of absolute separation of church and state. Thomas Jefferson, when he was President of the United States, refused to proclaim days for prayer and thanksgiving, rightly de-claring that if he did so he would thereby "assume to the United States an author-ity over religious exercises, which the Constitution has directly precluded," and that he did "not believe it is for the in-terest of religion to invite the civil mag-istrate to direct its exercises, its disci-pline, or its doctrines." Said he : "No power to prescribe any religious exercise, or to assume authority in religious dis-cipline, has been delegated to the general government." But the very fact that the custom of proclaiming a national thanks-giving day as it now exists was estab-lished when the nation was in the throes of the Civil War, and during the admin-istration of the beloved Lincoln, is likely to make it remain, regardless of the prin-ciple involved in it. 0 At a Methodist conference in session at Morris, Minn., on October 5, "Rev. H. W. Knowles, of Duluth, gave a rousing address on civic federation of the churches," holding up as one object of  such federation "the regulation of Sun-clay baseball." Sunday Enforcement Against Liquor Dealers IT is very seldom that we report items of news that frequently come to us of agitations for the closing of saloons on Sunday, and of the arrest, prosecution and fining of saloon-keepers for Sunday selling. We do not wish to appear as in any way endorsing or upholding the liquor traffic, for we decidedly regard it as a curse, but we know that to some that impression might be given if we should report these cases without ex-plaining in each instance our position in the matter, which, of course, cannot very well be done in connection with items that are to go in the "Sunday Enforce-ment" department. But, nevertheless, the very same prin-ciple is involved when a saloon-keeper is arrested and fined for selling on Sunday, merely because he sells on Sunday, as is involved when a merchant or shopman is arrested and fined for selling on Sunday, or when a person is arrested and fined for working on Sunday. Since the saloon-keeper is not molested for selling liquor on other days, it is evident that when he is arrested and fined for selling on Sunday that he is punished not for selling liquor or for any injurious effect that such sale may have upon the com-munity, but merely because he sold the liquor on Sunday. Now the law has no right to compel a recognition of and def-erence to Sunday, because when it does so it compels a recognition of and defer-ence to a religious institution ; and it makes no difference whether such defer-ence is compelled from a saloon-keeper or somebody else. A saloon-keeper has as much right to be free from compul- 