38 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the important point mentioned above, we believe it will be of interest to the readers of THE SENTINEL,. Of course it is un-necessary to give anything but the sub-ject matter here: My Dear Sir: I have enjoyed reading your very clear and sane observations with reference to the recent Ł coal-strike situation, and especially your state-ment of " some fundamental principles " ap-plying to and involved in the same. Now that that matter has ceased to be so pressing, I would like, as a reader of your excellent periodical, and as one much interested in the particular matter to which I shall call atten-tion, and I believe in no captious and caviling spirit, to ask you to make a candid application in another direction of one of the leading " fundamental principles " to which you have given utterance in discussing this matter of the coal strike. You say that " our creed is that every man has an absolute right to work when, how, and where he pleases," etc. Now you are aware that on the statute books of nearly every State in the Union is to be found a law which pro-hibits as a misdemeanor and crime, punish-able by fine or imprisonment, all ," common labor," " worldly employments," or works of one's "ordinary calling," excepting only "works of necessity and charity," during a period of twenty-four hours each week. (See the Sun-day laws of the various States.) You are also aware that such legislation is ardently advo-cated and supported by religious organizations and religious periodicals, prominent among which is your own periodical. It is true that in the agitation that has occurred in New York during the last year or more, in which your pe-riodical has strongly supported the Sunday law, another phase than that of the prohibition of labor and honest and legitimate occupations was uppermost ; and it is also true that it is some other phase that is uppermost frequently in the agitations by church people in support of such legislation that are constantly occur-ring in different parts of the country. But you know that the leading feature of such legislation is the prohibition of labor and busi-ness, and that it prohibits labor and business merely as labor and business. Now how do you reconcile your support of such legislation with your attitude toward union labor's interference with the " inalien-able " and " absolute right " of a man " to  work when, how, and where he pleases "? Your position is that the right of a man to dispose of his labor as he pleases as to wages, employer, and occupation, is absolute, and " re-mains in his individual will.' " And since you have declared otherwise, you, of course, do not hold that a different principle applies as to the right of a man to choose WHEN he shall work. If a different principle does not apply, how can the right to perform " com-mon labor " and to engage in " worldly em-ployments " be denied, as it is by Sunday legislation, without a flagrant invasion and de-nial of an " absolute " and " inalienable right " of the individual? You disagree with a correspondent who " seems to think that what no one of a large number of men has the right to do a crowd of them can in some way acquire the right to do." Do you believe that any one of a large number of men or citizens, even if he be a clergyman or a church member, has the right " to intimi-date or obstruct his neighbor " in carrying out his choice to work on Sunday? If you do, why do you believe it? and why do you deny the equal right of a member of a labor union, or any other person, " to intimidate or obstruct his neighbor " in his choice to work at some other time? And if no one man has the right to say to his neighbor that he shall not work on Sunday, how can any large number of men, even though they constitute a religious organi-zation, acquire that right? And if no dne man has that right and no large number of men can acquire it, how can any American legislature get the right, which you and others insist that American legislatures possess, to prohibit " common labor " and " worldly employments " on Sunday? Since you hold so resolutely " that if there were ninety-nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine members of any union, and there were but one other man in the whole land who understood the business, that one man would have the same right to resist the appeals of the rest, and offer his work to the employers, that the others would to resist his appeal to them not to strike," why do you not also hold that if there were ninety-nine thousand nine hun-dred and ninety-nine, or more, people in a State who insisted that all labor but " work of charity and necessity " should be stopped on Sunday, and only one man in the whole State who desired to labor on Sunday, that one man would have the same right to disregard the de-mand of all the rest, and to work for himself or any employer on Sunday, that the others 