SUNDAY-LAW OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA AGAIN 27 a body of men who faithfully and hon-estly did their duty as grand jurors, whereby all the people of the city and county of Philadelphia were more or less benefited. Let these ministers re-solve to stamp out vice and crime by beginning active work in the right di-rection, rather than attempting to take the daily bread from the mouth of the poor storekeeper. Let these ministers do God's work according to the Gospel, and they will be doing all that Chris-tianity stands for. Evidently this grand juryman has a better understanding of the Gospel method of work than have the Sunday-enforcement clergymen of Philadel-phia. Where do they find warrant in the Gospel for their crusade of coercion in a matter in which the New Testa-ment says, "Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind"? In this matter of Sunday enforcement it is the grand jurymen who are on the side of Christianity, not the clergymen who assume to say that the grand jurymen are not Christians because they have rebuked them for their anti-Christian and, fundamentally, wholly illegal crusade. Another Interesting DevelopmentŠ"Sabbath" Asociation Agents Prosecuted Another interesting development in this Sunday-enforcement crusade in Philadelphia has been the arrest and prosecution of agents of the " Sab- bath" Association. On December 17 the Public Ledger reported : Shopkeepers whom Rev. Geo. S. Vail and his assistants have been pursuing under the blue law of 1794 for keeping their places of business open on Sun-day, had their opportunity in court yes-terday. Magistrate O'Brien held Mr. Vail on his own recognizance, and also Saunders Biddle, one of his aids, for trial on the charge of inciting to a breach of the peace. J. Mason Borden, another assistant informer, was placed under $600 bail on the charge of per-jury, and a charge of alleged Sunday  violation by Mr. Vail and his staff in the collecting of evidence against shop-keepers was taken under advisement. John D. Farmakis, a confectioner, who has been arrested and fined some seventy times at the instance of agents of the Sabbath Association for keep-ing his stores open on Sunday, has taken retaliatory measures, and caused the arrest of Vail, Biddle and Borden. In the warrants Mr. Farmakis charges each of them respectively with worldly employment on Sunday, and that each, by "going from place to place and se-curing evidence against the deponent did, by his actions, in company with others, incite a breach of the peace." A charge of perjury had also been pre- Ł ferred against Borden. From 2 o'clock in the afternoon until after 5 the small office of Magistrate O'Brien, at 332 North Broad Street, was packed with spectators. The charge of perjury against Borden was made by Mrs. Annie Hutter, of 2524 North Tenth Street. Borden swore on Thursday last, before Magistrate South, that he had bought a cigar in the woman's shop on the afternoon of the previous Sunday. Mrs. Hutter, who is about forty years old, with honest but resolute brown eyes and poor but tidy attire, says Borden swore falsely when he gave this testimony, and that the man bought nothing of her. About six weeks or two months 'ago she was fined for sell-ing cigars on Sunday, and she said un-der oath that since then she had sold neither cigars, tobacco nor candy on Sunday. Her only trade on that day is newspapers, and she opens her place for her customers about 6 o'clock in the morning and ,closes as soon as her supply of newspapers is sold. A lodger in her house corroborated her statement that Borden was not in her shop on Sunday before last. By persistent questioning on points covered by pre-vious questions, Mr. Vail apparently sought to make the woman stultify her-self. Once Bernard F. Owens, who represented the prosecution, severely rebuked him for seeking to entrap the witness by taking advantage of her im-perfect knowledge of English. When Mr. Vail asked Mrs. nutter if she had not been sitting on her windowsill dur- 