82  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY "Groceries, bakeries, fish stores and milk stores are compelled to close on Sunday at io a. m. Since the passage of the special law affecting the sale of meat the butcher shops in the city have been shut all day Sunday. "The most flagrant violations of the Sunday laws in this city have been in the sale of liquors." Sunday in Chicago "Such State laws and local ordinances as exist for Sunday observance are abso-lutely dead letters in Chicago. The sa-loons keep open so far as they find it to their advantage, and the authorities never interfere with them, except at the time of reform movements. "Chicago is affected by two different laws that govern Sunday observance in Illinois. One is a State statute prohibit-ing the sale of liquor from midnight on Saturday till 5 o'clock on Monday morning. There is a local ordinance which provides for the closing of saloons from midnight Saturday till midnight Sunday. Neither of them is observed in Chicago, and it is said that the same independence pertains throughout Illi-nois so far as the State statute is con-cerned. "There are no statutes or ordinances governing theatres, concerts, libraries or stores in Chicago on Sunday observ-ance. Some of the theatres keep open, not the first-class houses, but they could do so if they desired, so far as the laws are concerned. The libraries keep open on Sundays. Such stores as desire keep open on Sundays, but for the most part these are restricted to tobacconists, can-dy shops and news stands." No Enforced Sunday Observ- ance in San Francisco ¥ "There is practically no enforced ob- servance of Sunday in San Francisco. All wholesale houses and a large part of the retail houses close on Sunday, but one. who wishei to buy anything will have little difficulty in finding some store in some side street open. "Corner groceries keep open all day and until midnight or later, and there are three thousand of them. Nearly all have saloons attached. There is an ordi-nance providing for closing saloons at o'clock in the morning, but it was never enforced. Barber shops and boot-black stands are open until noon on Sun-day. Drug stores are open day and night until midnight. Candy stores and many downtown fruit stands are open day and evening. In fact, there is no more enforced Sunday observance here than in the cities of Continental Europe. "Church attendance is proportionately nearly as large here as in Eastern cities, but Sunday schools do not flourish as well. Most people go out to park or beach or other places of recreation on Sunday afternoon. "The theatres are nearly all open on Sunday night and most of them give matinees on Sunday afternoon. All sporting events, except horse races, are held on Sunday just the same as on other days." Sunday a Holiday in St. Louis ¥ "Strict Sunday observance in St. Louis is a dream of churchgoers. It is true that business houses generally are closed, and that thousands of people at-tend service in the churches, but every theatre and concert hall is open on Sun-day as on other days. Dance halls are heavily patronized at night, and the sa-loons are wide open all day and up to midnight, notwithstanding that there is a law on the statute books calling for their closing. 