442 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY and religious uses," and it approves laws which, to quote further from the same source, "prohibit the doing on that day of acts which are serious interruptions of the repose and religious liberty of the community"Šbut be-yond this point statutes cannot go, or if they do go, they cannot be enforced, which amounts to the same thing in the long run. The churches cannot any longer force peo-ple to "go to meeting," as they once could and did in New England. They cannot any longer make it a crime for people to use the weekly rest day in any way which they consider most beneficial, so long as such use does not disturb the repose of the community. But-they can weaken the influence for good which they should exert if they array themselves against the drift of modern civilization, and insist upon restrictions which society will never again endure. The Post thinks "the church is justi-fied in resisting any real attempt to break down Sunday as a day 'for rest and re-ligious uses,' " but declares that it must exercise common sense and make a dis-crimination between a general opening of city shops and the running of manufac-turing establishments seven days a week and bicycle riding, ball playing, the tak-ing of needed outings by the families of the poor, the giving of concerts in pub-lic parks, and the opening of libraries and art galleries on Sunday. While it is true that the churches show such a lack of common sense in this mat-ter that it will probably be a most effec-tive obstacle in the way of their own pur-pose, they are by no means inconsistent. The enforcement of the observance of a religious institution is what they want, and all they want, and, with no doubt good reason, they regard ball-playing, bi-cycle riding, concerts, and the visiting of libraries and art galleries to be as incon-sistent with the proper observance of the day as a religious institution as would be the general opening of city shops and the operating of manufacturing establish-ments. Before this question can be settled  right the doctrine must prevail that legis-lation in behalf of religious observances. is not proper in any respect, not even in the matter of preventing a general open-ing of city shops and the operating of manufacturing establishments. We re-gret to see that modern society; as truly represented by the Evening Post, halts half way in this matter, and is still soŁ controlled by "the force of tradition" handed down from the time "when church and state were largely synony-mous," that it is unwilling yet to consist-ently apply to this Sunday question the-plain principle of separation of church and state so clearly announced at the-founding of the Republic. Modern socie-ty insists that it shall have its recreation, its pleasures and its luxuries on Sunday in spite of the force of religio-political tradition in the matter, but it is quite-willing that this same force shall, in spite of the progress that has been made in religious freedom and the separation of church and state, still continue to make honest labor and business a crime on the first day of the week. There is no more reason why shops and manufacturing establishments should be closed by law on the first day of the-week out of deference to the religious character of the day than there is that Congregational clergymen, or any other clergymen, should be supported by pub-lic taxation. The only difference is that modern society is used to the one and not to the other. The law has no business to set apart time for religious uses ; its business is to protect people in using their time as they choose, religiously or otherwise. And it can never be estab-lished, except upon the grounds on which clergymen were supported by public tax-ation and dissenters were flogged, im-prisoned and burned, that the mere labor or business operations of one man are such an interruption of the repose and re- 