648 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The declaration of a ministerial Sun-day-enforcement advocate of Newark, N. J., that "the strength of our country is founded on her institutions." called forth from a correspondent of the News, of that city, the very sensible comment : "That is nonsense. The strength of our country, as of every other country, is founded on the character of its people." "Evil betide the man who estranges Britain and America from each other!" says Professor Goldwin Smith. "Still more accursed is he who would unite them in a partnership of iniquity for the purpose of unprincipled aggrandizement, and thus draw upon them the righteous hatred, and, in the end, the combined hostility of all other nations." SŁ The Anti-Saloon League of Syracuse, N. Y., has been agitating of late against Sunday ball playing. How the saloons, which are admitted by representatives of the league itself to be open to those who wish to patronize them on Sundays, are to be injured by suppressing baseball and practically driving people to them, has not been made clear. In a surrogate's court in Brooklyn re-cently it was decided that the Young Men's Christian Association was not a religious corporation. The case involved the payment of the transfer tax on a be-quest of $1o,000 left to the association, which it had sought to evade under the  exemption applying to religious corpora-tions. A representative ŁŁof the Papacy who was sent to Mexico for the purpose of securing a reestablishment of diplomatic relations between that republic and the Vatican has reported to Rome that he has been successful. Thus does the Pa-pacy here and there regain and increase her power. Notwithstanding the fact that the sa-loons are closed tight on Sundays in that place, the Two Harbors (Minn.) Jour-nal says that drunken men are to be seen on the streets on Sunday, and comes to the conclusion that " 'dry' saloons do not make the people strictly temperate." The Catholic World Review is author-ity for this statement : "Rome's peculiar and unique trait as distinguished from all other claimants is precisely her con-sistent and everlasting refusal to alter one iota of her teaching." New York and New Jersey have re-cently passed "anti-anarchy" laws. The maximum penalty "for seditious speech or writing" in New Jersey under the new law is fifteen years' imprisonment and a fine of $r,000. The image and superscription of the "civil Sabbath" shows it to be wholly re-ligious. 