326 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY necessary to say anything more on this point. In connection with the above the fol-lowing statements from the same " lay sermon " are somewhat peculiar : Law has nothing to do with religion. Noth-ing is more firmly fixed in the American mind and the American heart than the belief in freedom of conscience. All religions are tol-erated in this country so far as they do not command acts that are in violation of the law. Polygamy is not permitted, but Mormonism is tolerated. There are savage tribes which in their religions practise human sacrifice. Their religions would be tolerated, but that feature which commands human sacrifices would not. In general terms, it may be said that human law permits one to do anything that is not violative directly or in its tendency of the rights of another. We have no fault to find with this, except that some other word than " tol-erated " would better describe the status of religions before the law in this country. But it does not follow that be-cause in principle the law in this country " has nothing to do with religion " that there are no religious laws to be found on the statute books, and that therefore the Sunday law cannot be religious. The Sunday law is a law decidedly having " to do with religion," and, as the writer vir-tually declares himself, even with creeds, notwithstanding that in theory, and we are glad to say almost entirely in prac-tise, the " law has nothing to do with re-ligion " in this country. And as religion and creeds are matters of conscience, the Sunday law is an invasion of the free-dom of conscience, notwithstanding " nothing is more firmly fixed in the American mind and the American heart than the belief in freedom of conscience." If labor, traffic or sports on Sunday could be classed with polygamy and the practise of human sacrifice as violative directly or in tendency of the rights of others there would be abundant justifica-tion for a law prohibiting them. But they cannot be so classed. Labor, traffic and  sports on Sunday are not in themselves violative of the rights of others, any more than they are on other days. The point made most prominent in this " lay sermon " is that " a day of rest is necessary." We are told that " the Sab-bath, even if it were not a divine institu-tion, would still be a humanonecessity "; that " it is conducive to health and happi-ness for men to rest occasionally," and that " one day in seven is not too fre-quent." This is the familiar argument of " physical rest," which, of course, in these times sounds better than the appeal to religious sanctions, and for that reason is being substituted for the latter as a bolster for Sunday legislation and en-forcement. All that is affirmed on this point may be true, and yet it does not jus-tify Sunday enforcement. It does not fol-low that because a thing is conducive to health and happiness that the law should force it upon people. The Sabbath certainly does not surpass marriage either as a divine institution or as a human ne-cessity, but who recommends legislation making marriage compulsory? Of course the writer goes on to say that not only is a weekly rest day a neces-sity, " but it is also necessary that the day be fixed by law," as " it would never be fixed by agreement." It would be in-teresting to know how such a day could be fixed by law if it was not done by agreement. He says it " is immaterial " what day is fixed upon ; that " one day will do as well as another as was ad-mitted by the early Christians when they changed the Sabbath from the seventh day of the week to the first." Here we have another illustration of the fact that there is no getting away from religion in discussing this question. But while " one day will do as well as another " for the rest day, " it is necessary that it be the same day for all or nearly all ; otherwise there could be no day of rest at all, for a law requiring each man to rest one day 