806  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY measure which in defiance of the prin-ciples of civil and religious liberty is still allowed to remain upon the statute books of the State, and will give them some object lessons as to its persecu-ting and oppressive character. The final result, it is to be hoped, will be the full and entire repeal and abolition of the Sunday law or laws. Nothing else will meet the requirements of the princi-ples of righteousness and justice. At the meeting of the Methodist preachers in Philadelphia on November 9, the following, which "was written and offered by Rev. T. T. Mutchler, of the Sabbath Association," was adopted: The Methodist Preachers' Meeting of Philadelphia, having heard a com-munication from the tobacco jobbers of Philadelphia, in which they complain of the prosecution of cigar dealers who violate our Sunday law, we desire to say in answer : If it is necessary for these men to violate the law `for their very existence, as is stated in the com-munication, then they had better en-gage in some business in which they can respect the law and also succeed. We heartily commend and approve the closing of these places on the Lord's day, and pledge our sympathy and sup-port to those having the movement in hand. We suggest that if the tobacco jobbers desire to be law-abiding citi-zens, they join in and assist these men in securing a general compliance with the law on Sunday closing. Somebody should say to the Philadel-phia journeymen and dealers who, it is alleged by their "Sabbath" Associa-tion friends, are complaining that they must "lose" their "Sabbath" or "go out of business" "unless the law com-pels all to close" on Sunday, that if it is necessary for them to have the rights of others violated in order for them to continue in business and enjoy their Sabbath, they had better engage in some business in which they can enjoy their Sabbath and at the same  time respect the rights of others. Some-body should suggest to them that if they wish to be law-abiding citizens in the right and true sense, they should have regard for the rights of others, and not arbitrarily assume and demand that because they choose not to do busi-ness on Sunday everybody else should and must be compelled not to. Such a statement would far more comport with Christian and American principles than does that of the Philadelphia Methodist ministers to the tobacco jobbers. In the cases of some Jewish mer-chants arraigned on the charge of Sun-day selling, Judge Hine of the St. Paul, Minn., municipal court ruled on No-vember 7 "that the civil law cannot take cognizance of religious customs." "The accused of the Jewish faith had asked to be allowed to close their stores on Saturday and to keep them open on Sunday." If the ruling made were practised there would be no Sunday legislation and enforcement. That is a strange carrying out of the very proper rule that the civil law can have nothing to do with religious customs which while enforcing the religious observance of one class refuses to take cognizance of the religious observance of another class merely to the extent of recogniz-ing it as a reason why the one class should not be compelled by the civil law to observe the religious observance of the other class. But of course this is the only way that the rule can be car-ried out if at the same time the civil law is to enforce the observance of a religious custom of one class upon all classes. In the one case the rule is out-rageously violated, and in the other it is construed and applied with a strict-ness that is utterly unwarranted. Something remarkable was recently reported from Valparaiso, Ind. The 