MORE ON THE SUNDAY-LAW QUESTION FROM FLORIDA 381 it but when men are not trading. Street-cars run sixteen hours in the dayŠsometimes longer. Labor unions sometimes force the em-ployment of two shifts of men. In some cases, however, employees are required to work six-teen hours. Here, again, it does not depend on the needs of the employees, but of the busi-ness in which they are engaged. A bank is open only four hours a day, and its employees have shortdr hours than those engaged in any other business. Are these hours fixed as they are because a bank clerk needs eighteen hours of rest, and a street-car conductor only eight? The idea that the hours of labor are fixed by the necessities of the employees is rubbish. They are fixed by the needs of the business, or by the labor unions, when the unions are strong enough. Men who do not like the hours of a business may let it alone and find some-thing else to doŠif they can. If all Sabbath laws were repealed it is prob-able that at first few employers would require their help to work on Sundays ; but some would, and would make by it. They would get some of the trade that others would have gotten if their places of business had been open. Ł Then others would carry on their busi-ness seven days in the week, and then others and others until nearly all men dependent on their salaries would toil every day in the year without a day of rest. The man who tried to be humane would go to the wall. We need not enter here into a dis-cussion of why the length of a day's work varies in different occupations. Our point was that is was not true that " the fierceness of competition would compel men to work all the time " if the law did not compel them to rest, and in proof of this we called attention to the fact that men universally lay aside labor and take rest daily without any legis-lation setting apart the time and requir-ing them to observe it. We said that if it was true as declared that one day of rest in seven was a " human necessity " no legislation was required to en-force such rest, since a human necessity, as shown in the matter of the human necessity of nightly rest, is stronger than.  any competition, no matter how fierce it may be, and that people do not need to be compelled to do what the . necessities  of their nature require them to do. We say now that if it is true that the repeal of " all Sabbath laws " would be followed by toil and business seven days in the week and every day in the year, then it is not true that a weekly rest day is a human necessity, but it is something that people can get along without. If this doleful prediction is true then this much talked of and worried over " day of weekly rest " is an artificial institution and has no basis in human need. Would it not be well to find out if this is the case by taking from it the support of the law ? We will say, however, with regard to the length of a day's work in the various occupations that it is not true that it is " fixed absolutely by each employer " or by all employers, or that it depends en-tirely upon the nature and needs of the business, or that it is determined without regard for ithe needs and convenience of the workers. It is ridiculous to assert that " it is the convenience of the em-ployers and not of the employees that permits hours of exemption." What con-venience of the employer is it that re-quires the midday lunch period for the employees? What convenience of the employer would be interfered with if his. employees worked all night? Could he not sleep while they worked? If it is the demands of the business that control the matter, why is it that a manufactur-ing or other productive business is not kept going constantly as long as there is a demand for the product? Would those who participated in the profits of the business object to that? The publication of a metropolitan daily is a business to which we are told there is no cessation night or day. Are the employees in such an establishment required to work all the time, or are they required to work to the utmost limit of physical endurance? Do not they have as short hours of labor as employees in establishments that are 