A Sunday-Law Hearing in Massachusetts By K. C. Russell I' HE first hearing for 19oz of a Sunday bill in the Old Bay State, was held at the State capitol, in Boston, on February 4. As is customary on such occasions, there was present a delegation of those who seek to enforce the observ-ance of Sunday by civil enactments. Among those of this class in attendance was Rev. Martin D. Kneeland, the secre-tary of the New England Sabbath Pro-tective League ; also the president of the Massachusetts W. C. T. U. organization, and other champions of Sunday legisla-tion. The bills that were presented at the hearing were not especially significant, only to the extent that the principle which underlies all religious legislation was involved. The bill that received the most atttention was one that was intro-duced for the purpose of modifying the present Sunday law so as "to make the Lord's day open season for birds and game." The author of the bill, in the main, clearly presented the principle of re-ligious liberty. Following his address an opportunity was offered for others who were in sympathy with the bill to speak. Elder G. B. Wheeler and the writer re-sponded by emphasizing the true princi-ple of religious liberty, and hence the limits of civil authority. It was shown that Sunday laws were productive of great evil in that they brought about idleness of the worst speciesŠinvolun-tary and enforced. To confirm this state-ment the opinion of an officer of the law was cited, who said, in effect, that it was more difficult to preserve order and con-formity to the laws against incivility on Sunday than on other days of the week_ When those who spoke in favor of the bill had finished, opportunity for remarks was given those of the opposition, and it was evident from the spirit that charac-terized some of the speeches that what had been said in defense of the true prin-ciples of liberty had aroused that same old spirit that is always awakened when the two-edged sword of truth cuts its way to the hearts of men to whom it is unwelcome. The theological aspect of the question, as is the case at most all hearings on questions involving religion, was the all-important one. The religious phase was discussed to such an extent that the chairman of the committee tried at different times to have that feature in the discussion eliminated, but it was with great difficulty that he made an impres-sion on the speakers. And, indeed, it is not strange that the religious phase was so prominent in the discussion, when that is the real basis on which the legisla-tion under discussion rests. The president of the Massachusetts W. C. T. U. was asked whether she wished the enforcement of the law be-cause the violation of the Sabbath was wrong and wicked. She replied at once in the affirmative. It was evident from the attitude of the committee that one who is prominent in working for more rigid Sunday-law en-actments at every session of the legisla-ture, is not growing in favor with them..  One could not fail to note at this hear-ing that on the same field where Puri tanism once did its baneful work in persecuting those who conscientiously refused to obey its wicked laws, there still lurks the same gloomy, intolerant spirit of religious bigotry. 