PUBLISHERS' DEPARTMENT 261 very best literature nearly one hundred choice quotations, consisting in most instances of merely a sentence or verse. The little booklet of twenty pages is, nice for gift purposes. It is neatly printed. and has an embossed cover that is very beautiful. Sent prepaid, in a neat box, for 25 cents each, or six for $1. Address Henry B. Damon, South Lancaster, Mass. The Pacific Health Journal enters upon its seventeenth year in a bright new dress which adds much to its attractiveness. Among the valuable articles on health topics in the Febru-ary number were: "Warfare Against Tubercu-lcsis," by G. H. Heald, M.D.; "Hygiene of Di-gestion," by W. R. Simmons, M.D.; "The In-fluence of Light Upon Disease," by J. R. Leadsworth, B.S., M.D. "Hope for the Broken-Down Dyspeptic," by David Paulson, M.D., Superintendent Chicago Branch Battle Creek Sanitarium, was announced for the March number. Valuable matter will also be found in the departments headed "Woman's Realm," "Editorial," and-  "Healthful Cook-ery." The price of the magazine is 5 cents a copy, or so cents a year. Address, 1059 Castro St., Oakland, Cal. From the house of D. Appleton & Com-pany, New York, there has just been issued a new and revised edition of Dr. A. H. Lewis's excellent work on "Sunday Legislation." Such a work is timely at any time, but it is es-pecially so just now when so much attention is being given to Łthe matter of Sunday observ-ance and legislation. Much fof the popular agitation and discussion at this time is to very little purpose, because there is no intelligent gi asp of the subject bymany of those who speak concerning it. The most important features are ignored. As Dr. Lewis says, much that is said concerning Sunday laws "is superficial and impertinent, because men do not under-stand their origin or their history." Those who will carefully peruse this work will no longer be in a condition where they can be imposed upon by the many shallow and falla-cious theories and ideas concerning Sunday and its enforcement that are now afloat. Dr. Lewis recognizes that "facts are stubborn be-cause they are eternal; and the theory which attempts to ignore them insures its early de-struction." It has been his object in this work, not to propound theories, but to bring out the indisputable facts of history on the subject,  and thereby to reveal the true philosophy of Sunday legislation. The work is a complete compendium of such legislation for a period of 1,68o years. By personal correspondence with the governors of the various States, and by examination of all the statutes, the status of the Sunday laws of each State at the begin-ning of the present year is shown. The Rochester (N. Y.) Times says that "no recent publication is entitled to greater study or seems to so lucidly expound a vexatious sociological problem." 121110. Cloth, $1.00 net; postage added. From the author, Prof. M. E. Cady, Presi-dent of Healdsburg College, Healdsburg, Cal., we have received a copy of the revised edition of "Bible Nature Studies," a book that should be of great value and interest to all who would study the works of God in nature in the light of the ScripturesŠwho would see the harmony between creation and revelation. In, all there are 26o lessons covering the differ-ent phases of the creation as mentioned in the first chapter of Genesis. In announcing the work the author says: "To the Christian, nature's voice declares continually that there is but one God; that He is thrice holy; and that the whole earth is full of His glory. This work will be especially valuable to parents and teachers in training the children and youth to grasp and appreci-ate the wonderful truths in nature all about them. When the search-light of God's Word is turned upon the things of nature, there is an interest aroused, and not only is the mind enlightened, but the heart is impressed with the goodness and the love of God as revealed in His handiworks. The constant aim of the author is to exalt the Creator through His creation." This edition of the book contains over 500 pages, and is issued in a much more convenient form than was the first edition. At the end of each lesson are notes and suggestions as to how the studies should be conducted. The book will serve as an excellent text-book in the hands of pupils in the sixth, seventh, eighth and ninth grades, and should be in the hands of teachers who are teaching below Łthe sixth grade. The book is neatly and sub-stantially bound in cloth, and is sold at $1 per copy. Address the author. The March number of The Ladies' Home 