232 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Puritanism. "The Church" which was responsible for the adoption as a Chris-tian observance of this pagan holiday, does not yet know it as "the Sabbath," and is still in favor, so long as due regard is had for "the Church," of its being used largely as a holiday. It would seem like the irony of fate that the observance of this day, which has come to be regarded by almost the entire Christian world as the Sabbath, the Lord's Day, should by a recurrence of the very conditions in which its ob-servance began, be brought back to its original state as a mere holiday of pleas-ure and rioting. But to those who look beneath the sur-face of things, such is the prospect. It is not possible that a day which has no di-vine warrant for its observance can be indefinitely imposed upon the mass of the people as such. If its outward observ-ance is compelled by law, then such com-pulsion simply hastens the return of the original SundayŠ"the wild solar holiday of all pagan times." Instead of devoting their time to agi-tation for Sunday enforcement, those who are frightened at the prospect of the "Continental Sunday" should turn their attention to the far more vital matter of finding some substantial and enduring basis for the Sunday "Sabbath." If there is divine warrant for it, let it be shown ; if there is not, let it be no longer assumed. Let the facts be faced; let the real au-thority and warrant for Sunday observ-ance be recognized. A candid investigation into the history of this observance, into the sources from which it has been handed down to the present time, will show that one of the quickest and most effective ways to bring about the complete reign of what is called the "Continental Sunday," is to compel men to be idle on Sunday. In  order for the observance of a weekly rest-day to be helpful and beneficial, physi-cally and morally, its observance must be accompanied by a sense or a conviction of moral duty and divine sanction. The ob-servance of Sunday can be had on these grounds only so long as people are unin-formed, and certainly it cannot be ob-tained on these grounds by coercive legis-lation. The truth is that it is because the ob-servance of Sunday cannot be supported by divine sanction, and, therefore, lacks the essential quality of moral obligation, that recourse is had to civil legislation to enforce it upon people. But legisla-tion cannot impart divine sanction to an observance which has no such sanction. and neither can it impart a sense of moral obligation where none exists in the mind and conscience. Hence, there can come no good, but only evil, from Sunday enforcement. The "Continental Sunday" has nothing to lose, but everything to gain, by enforced idleness on Sunday. It has nothing to gain, but a great deal to lose, by perfect freedom to honest industry on that day. It is time that people who are so exer-cised on this question were brushing aside all shams and looking at the matter just as it is. We submit that the above propositions are not sectarian nor dog-matic, but are in harmony with the indis-putable facts of history and the dictates of common sense. Ł A sermon preached in this city in De-cember by Bishop Wm. R. Huntington, on the interrogation, "Shall We Slur Sunday ?" is now having quite a wide cir-culation in the religious press. What is meant is, Shall Sunday he deprived of any of the legal "protection" that it now has? The important question in this connection is, What right have the 