184 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN ?LIBERTY against Mr. Gibson alleged that he was "over fourteen years of age" and that "the offense was committed in Marion county." Abundant evidence was intro-duced to show that his store had been kept open, but the Indianapolis Sentinel says that "through the neglect of the prosecutor no witnesses were introduced to prove that the offense was committed in this county, or that Gibson was 'over fourteen years of age,' and therefore Justice Shepard instructed the jury to acquit Mr. Gibson, and he was dis-charged." This judge evidently rates Sunday enforcement at its true worth. It is not to be supposed that, on such an insignificant technicality, he would have instructed the acquittal of a man who had committed any crime against his fellow-citizens, however trivial it may have been. The Montreal (P. Q.) Gazette, of Jan-uary 8, reports that "a joint meeting of the Lord's Day and Evangelical Alli-ances was held last night in the Domin-ion Square Methodist church to consider the better observance of Sunday." This was the "citizens mass-meeting" which had been appointed by the ministerial ad-vocates of strict Sunday enforcement in Montreal, of which mention was made in these columns last month. The ministers who addressed the meeting "traced the divine origin of the institution of the day of rest, and referred to the economic and social advantages of its observance ;" urged "the need of enthusiastic work to preserve the day from profanation, and spoke of the help received from Arch-bishops Bond and Bruchesi in what had already been done ;" called attention to "the notorious fact that building opera-tions had been carried on on Sunday, that part of the street railway had been  constructed on that dayŠan unnecessary and unwarrantable profanation of the Lord's day ;" and declared that "God had given His stamp to the Lord's day and claimed it for His own by singling it *out at the very foundation of the world in an ordinance universally binding at all times and in all places," and that "it was the principal bond between God and man." The following resolution, perfect-ly proper in itself, was first adopted : "Believing in the divine origin and au-thority of the Sabbath, and that it exerts a beneficial influence on mankind, we pledge ourselves to loyally keep it and most earnestly commend its observance to all others." Then followed this reso-lution of a very different nature, which Ł was unanimously adopted : Resolved, that, considering the open and flagrant violation of the city by-law, No. 36, which prohibits Sunday trading, and the glaring failure of the civic authorities to en-force the said by-law, there is an imperative call for energetic effort on the part of all law-abiding citizens to secure the due administra-tion of the law through their representatives in the city council; and generally to maintain constant vigilance so as to preserve for our city the inestimable advantages arising from the proper observance of the holy Sabbath. Further, that a copy of this resolution be forwarded to his worship, the mayor, for pre-sentation to the city council. It was declared that "eternal vigilance alone would save the city from incalcu-lable moral and social evil through the desecration of the Lord's day," and a representative of the "Lord's Day" Alli-ance announced that his organization would see that the promise of the mayor to close all stores on Sunday after May i "was made good." "The barber shop must be closed after this on Sunday," is the word that comes from St. Olaf, Iowa. 