More on the Sunday-Law Question from Florida N giving attention three weeks to the 1 agitation and discussion of the Sunday-law question at Jacksonville, Fla., we undertook to review some arguments in favor of, or rather in defense of, Sunday legislation that had been presented in a " lay sermon " on Sabbath observance " by an editorial writer on the Times-Union of that city. This called forth by way of reply another and longer " lay sermon," headed " The Sabbath for the Poor," which appeared on the editorial page of the paper named in the issue of May 24. It was not our purpose in considering the arguments of the former article, nor is it our purpose in giving attention to this later article, to engage in controversy. Now as then our object is to promote by proper and legitimate discussion what we believe to be the right attitude on this matter of Sunday legislation. Regarding his former article and the position taken therein the writer says The article was written by a member of the Times-Union editorial staff, and took the middle ground between the positions of those who would have the law compel a rigid ob-servance of the Sabbath and those who think the law should not require its observance at all. It was held that the law should prescribe one day in seven as a day of rest, but should not otherwise interfere with the liberty of in-dividuals except where, in the exercise of that liberty, they would encroach on the rights of others. The position was taken not to please anybody, but because the writer thought it was correct. It was believed that the ministers of the various denominations and others who in-sist on a Sabbath as a day of religious devotion would consider the position too lax, and that those who opposed all legal recognition of the Sabbath would consider it too strict. It was one man's opinion of what was right, and did not profess or aim to be anything else. Those who favor a legal recognition of a religious Sabbath have found no fault in print with this position. This does not signify that they ap- proved it. A prominent representative of those who oppose all legal recognition of the Sabbath has replied at length. The statement here made of the posi-tion taken in the former article is a per-fectly fair one, only it must be understood that the claim that " the law should pre-scribe one day in seven as a day of rest "' is in this case a claim that the law should compel Sunday observance so far as labor and business is concerned. To the extent of compelling them to refrain from labor and business on Sunday it is claimed that the law should " interfere with the lib-erty of individuals." We have no doubt but that the writer took this position be-cause he thought it was correct, and not in order to please anybody. We took ex-ception to it because we do not think it is correct, and we did not do this to please anybody, either. The fact that so far as the writer was concerned the position taken was but " one man's opinion of what was right " does not matter so far as the discussion of it is concerned. What we had to say regarding the matter was but one man's opinion, too, of what was right. But these two opinions are quite vital to the Sunday-law question, for they are representative of the opinions of many others on this matter. The posi-tion taken by the'Times-Union writer is the popular position on this question, and therefore it is one that may well be con-sidered in discussing the matter. Following the quotation given atten-tion was called to the issue of THE SEN-TINEL of May 21, and to the " answer to the Times-Union" presented in it. From this two quotations were made. The first of these was the paragraph in which we pointed out the fact that the writer, in common with many others who write and speak on the Sunday question, 