THE ORIGIN OF THE STATE 269 tangible form of the god which they had already conceived in the imagination; imagining simply mental image-ing. The outward form of the god, whether it be the shining sun in the heavens or a hideously-shaped block of wood or stone, is only the outward form of the image-ing that has already been performed in the imagination. Thus, from the knowledge of the true God, they went to the worship of false gods. From the light, they went into darkness. From righteousness, they went to wickedness. This is the truth. And the records of the earliest nations witness to it. The earliest recordsŠthose of the plain of ShinarŠwitness that the people at first had a knowledge of the true God. The records of the next two of the earliest nations, Egypt and Assyria, bear witness to this same thing. In all these places the earliest records testify that the gods were their first rulers and the real kings ; while men, in the places of authority, were but the serv-ants, the viceroys, of the gods who were held to be the real kings. For instance, one of the earliest rec-ords from Shinar runs thus : "To [the god] Ninridu, his King, for the preserva-tion of Idadu, viceroy of Ridu, the serv-ant, the delight of Ninridu." Another : `To [the god] Ninip the King, his King, Gudea, viceroy of [the god] Zirgulla, his house built." Another : "To Nana, the lady, lady splendid, his lady, Gudea, viceroy of Zirgulla . . . raised."ŠEmpires of the Bible, chap. 6, par. 3, 4. These are not only the earliest of the records that have been found in that land, but they themselves show that they are of the earliest records that were made in that land. And they clearly testify of a time when there were no kings amongst men. The gods were the kings; and the  men in authority claimed only to be the viceroys of the gods who were held to be the real kings. And all this testifies of a time further back, when the people kiew and recog-nized God as the only king and rightful ruler of men. They show also that this knowledge of God was so recent, and still so strong upon the minds of the people, that men who stood in places of authority had not the boldness to assume the title of king, even though they held the power. The records of Egypt and Assyria tes-tify precisely to these same things. And at that time, also, there was no state. There was society. There came a time, however, when even this lingering knowledge ofŁGod as king and the only rightful ruler, was cut off; and the man himself assumed the full title and prerogatives of king. The first man to do this was Nimroo. Nimrod was the first man in the world who had the boldness to take to himself the title and prerogative of king, in the face of the yet lingering idea of God as king. Nimrod was the first one to estab-lish the might, the power, the authority, of human government, in the form of an organized state. He was the first man to assert the power and prerogatives, and assume the title, of king over men. Consequently : "With the setting up of Nimrod's kingdom, the entire ancient world entered a new historical phase. The oriental tradition which makes that warrior the first man who wore a kingly crown, points to a fact more significant than the assumption of a new ornament of dress, or even the conquest of a prov-ince. His reign introduced to the world a new system of relations between the governor and the governed. The author- ity of former rulers rested upon the feel-ing of kindred ; and the ascendency of 