SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  595 - law and public order," less than 200 persons were present. But the slim at-tendance did not dampen the ardor of the speakers. The ministers, of course, did most of the talking, but several prominent citizens also spoke, and a judge acted as chairman. An organization was formed to be known as the "Sunday League," and its object, according to the Chillicothe Advertiser, is "the enforce-ment of laws against Sunday desecra-tion." Cash and pledges for furthering this object were given to the amount of $350. The agitation seems to have had its origin over Sunday ball playing and other forms of amusement. One of the speakers at this mass-meeting declared that it was "disregard of law that made the future of our Republic uncertain," and that "the severest test would come when the clash came between the law on one hand and aggregated capital, called trusts, on the other." A minister who followed seized upon this point and de- clared that "if law could be violated with impunity by baseball players it certainly could be by trusts," and that if either "could violate the law they could do away with Sunday altogether." Evi- dently the friends of the religious Sun- day rely absolutely upon the support it receives from the law, and believe that without that support it would at once perish from the earth. While of course this institution has nothing but human support and authority behind it, their faith in its vitality is even lower than it needs to be. ¥ Under date of July 9 it was reported from Newton, Iowa, that the most fa- miliar and widely read portion of "The Annotated Code of Iowa" in that place was section 5,040, of the edition of 1897, reading : BREACH OF THE SABBATH .-I f any person he found on the first day of the week, corn- monly called Sunday, engaged in carrying fire-arms, dancing, hunting, shooting, horse racing, or in any manner disturbing a worshipping as-sembly, or private family, or in buying or sell-ing property of any kind, or in any labor ex-cept that of necessity or charity, he shall be fined not more than five nor less than one dol-lar, and be imprisoned in the county jail until the fine, with costs of prosecution, shall be paid; but nothing herein¥ contained shall be construed to extend to those who consci-entiously observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, or to prevent persons traveling or families emigrating from pursuing their journey, or keepers of toll bridges, toll gates and ferrymen from attending the same. It seems that some weeks ago Mr. A. C. Randolph, the head of the Randolph Stacker Company of that city, was ar-rested and fined for riding a bicycle on a sidewalk. This made him indignant, and he decided that he would do something by way of retaliation, and, of course, the Sunday statute afforded the most ready means for making trouble "legally." He notified the business men of the place that in future he would see that the Sunday law was "enforced to the letter." The churches of the city at once caught a whiff of the breeze that had begun to blow, and determined to make the most of the opportunity. At a meeting of rep-resentatives of the different churches a petition to the city council was prepared asking that at its next session it enact a Sunday-closing ordinance. ' The council considered the matter for a while and then decided not to pass the ordinance, stating through a committee that the State law was deemed sufficient. So the State law was invoked, and the marshal notified the business men "that any in-fraction of the law would elicit prompt action on the part of the authorities to enforce the prescribed penalty." "On July 6, with three or four exceptions, the business houses accustomed to doing a Sunday business were closed as per or-der, but much ill-feeling was created." 