SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 783 served, Judge Carr, in view of the fact that a portion of the work at least appeared to be a necessity, and that this was the first time the accused had ever indulged in Sabbath labors, dis-missed the cases. He, however, com-pelled the three Brentwood citizens to pay the costs in the cases, and each was assessed the sum of $3.25. This was paid promptly. The statute that caused the accused all their trouble reads as follows: "No person whatsoever Łshall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday; and no person, having children or servants,  shall command, or wittingly or will-ingly suffer any of them to do any manner of work or labor on the Lord's day (works of necessity and charity Always excepted), nor shall suffer or permit any children or servants to pro-fane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowling, hunting, or unlawful pastime or recreation ; and any and every person transgressing this section, and being thereof convicted before a single jus-tice, shall forfeit five dollars, to be applied to the use of the county." Judge Carr declared that future vio-lations of this statute would result in harsher treatment of the offenders. Ł A resolution calling for the appoint-ment of a committee "to co-operate with the committees from other denom-inations in bringing before railroads and manufacturing companies the matter of a better observance of the Sabbath day," was pre.4ented and dis-cussed at a meeting of the Presbyterian Synod of New Jersey at Lakewood on October 21.. "The discussion brought out the assertion that theŁ General As-sembly 's special train travelled on Sun-day on the way to Los Angeles in order to see the Royal Gorge on Monday." It is not at all improbable that those who concern themselves so much with other people's Sabbath-keeping are more strict with others than with them-selves. In a breach of promise suit at Phil-adelphia, on November 13, Judge Beit-ner is reported to have ruled, in ac- cordance with the contentiono of attor- neys, that "a promise n Sunday to marry, even if bona fide, is worthless because made on a dies non." Another illustration of the virtue ( ?) of the legal " Sabbath," but of course strictly legal, for as the judge declared, " Un-der the laws of Pennsylvania a contract made on Sunday cannot be enforced." A contract made on Sunday should be as valid as one made on any other day. Wabasha, Minn., " citizens and busi-ness men are again agitating the clos-ing of business houses on Sunday." I THE LEGAL SUNDAY Sunday laws and their enforcement has become one of the leading questions of the day. The subject is one of absorbing interest and much has been written upon it. Much, too, has been said by the clergy, by the lawyers, by the legislatures and by the courts.  Until recently, however, there seems to have been no very careful inquiry into the merits of the case of the legal SundayŠno open challenge of its right to exist. In THE LEGAL SUNDAY: its History and Character, James T. Ringgold, a member of the Baltimore bar at his decease, challenges Sunday's legal right to an exist-ence. This book is a clear, logical, forceful presentation of a subject which is of vital interest to every American citizen. "Legal Sunday" contains 252 pages, is bound in paper covers, and costs the small sum of 25 cents. 7HE' MARSHALING OF THE NATIONS This little booklet shows conclusively that the five great Powers actually hold in their hands the pdtoer and a greater part of the territory of the world. But there is a sig-nificance to all this that but few understand. Read this pamphlet and the meaning will be plain. Has a double-page, four-color map of the world, showing how it is now par-titioned among the various powers. PAPERCOVIERS, 10 Cents. ....ŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁWW,a,.......,/,. Address, REVIEW AND HERALD PUB. ASSN. 222 N. Capitol fgt., Washington, D. C. 