374 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY be informed from the same sources that " here "Šin the matter of opposing such measures as are mentionedŠis where they can make " a united stand " and " combine their forces to some immediate and practical advantage [to the religious institution which they hold in common]." They instinctively know and do this, as is shown whenever and wherever any at-tempt is made to secure the modification or repeal of Sunday laws. " The churches of the Empire State " did not fail to make " their collective influence felt at Albany " against the bills mentioned. At every hearing on 'these bills representa-tives of religious bodies were present in force to oppose them, and the significant, though not strange, fact is that the op-position on these occasions was confined almost entirely to the religious forces ; most of the opposing speakers were cler-gymen, and some who were not clergy-men were representatives of religious or semi-religious organizations. All this goes to show, what we must constantly repeat, that Sunday legislation is relig-ious legislation. Here is another quota-tion from the WeeklyŠfrom its issue of April 2 : No State in the Eastern part of the Union has such liberal Sunday laws as New York, and the present movement to liberalize them still further is a weak and cowardly con-cession to certain interests that have more privileges and immunities now under the State laws than are asked or expected by any other business interests in existence. Once a step of the kind proposed is taken and it is almost impossible to retrace it, however great the error made may be found to have been. Some modification in the Sunday laws will probably Be found necessary now and then as the years go on, but when such changes are made it should be in deference to a demand from some higher source than amateur baseball clubs and drink shops. The Weekly evidently believes with regard to the Sunday laws as it does with regard to the tariff schedules, that they should be modified only by their friends  and beneficiaries It is true that the sort of liberalization of Sunday legislation that is usually asked for is not such as to inspire respect and enthusiasm, and es-pecially is this true of the demand for their liberalization in favor of the liquor traffic. But the question of the propriety of Sunday legislation itself is not to be determined by the merits or demerits of particular demands for its modification. No matter how disreputable may be the source and purpose of certain demands for its modification, no justification is thereby afforded for Sunday legislation, not even for the particular prohibitions against which the demands are directed. If the movement for Sunday-law modi-fication which has arisen in New York is " a weak and cowardly " one it is because of the fact that it is in the nature of a concession to certain interests instead of a movement against the Sunday laws themselves with an equal regard for all interests. It seeks to do away with Sunday enforcement with regard to one business only, and that one of the most disreputable in existence. The logic of the demand is that Sunday enforcement is all right against all other businesses, however honorable and legitimate they may be, but that it should not obtain with regard to the liquor traffic. The saloon-keeper should be excused from the re-quirement to observe Sunday, but the manufacturer, the merchant, the shop-man, the artisan and others should not be excused. This is of course an unsound and unfair position. But the right posi-tion is not that none should be exempt from Sunday enforcement, but that all should be exempt. The fact is that it is not liberalization of Sunday legislation, for that brings class legislation, but re-peal and abolition that should be de-manded. In this way only will it be possible to eliminate from the matter " weak and cowardly concession to cer-tain interests," for Sunday legislation it- 