330 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. "Archbishop Sbarretti is getting up an enormous petition for presentation to General Wood in order to show him the feeling of the people of the island. The Protestant clergy will also urge the revocation of the law, and unless the element opposed to the churches proves the stronger, it is expected that the change will come." This is only right. It is an infringement of the rights of conscience to require people to submit to civil marriage who believe the rite to be a sacrament of the church. Marriages should be a matter of public record and such safeguards should be thrown around mar-riage as will make reasonably secure the rights of all parties, but to require either that all marriages shall be religious or that they shall all be civil is wrong. General Brooke's order ought to be so modified as to permit religious, equally with civil marriages. B. Sunday Enforcement In Massachusets. Under the heading, "The Police Strictly Enforce Observance of the Lord's Day," the Springfield (Mass.) Union of May 14 prints the following: "Palmer, May i3.ŠAll the shops and business places were tightly closed in Palmer to-day, for the first time in fifteen years, and the flagrant violations of the Sunday laws that have been the subject of so much comment and criticism have come to an end. The po-lice officers of the town were summoned before the board of selectmen Friday evening and were given very complete instructions regarding the enforcement of the laws relating to the observance of the Lord's day. In accordance with the orders of the selectmen, all the shopkeepers were notified and a sweeping change went into effect to-day. "Newsdealers must close their places of business promptly at 10 o'clock a. m., and likewise dealers in drugs and medicines. Drug stores may be opened again, however, between 5 and 8 o'clock p. m. Those who deal in soda water and cigars will make sales on Sunday at their peril, and it is likely that none will un-dertake the risk, considering the heavy penalty that the law imposes. "The enforcement of the law means much to deal-ers in cigars, soda water and confectionery, Sunday being one of their most profitable days. It is doubtless true that they will not suffer loss in the long run, when the people become accustomed to the change of condi-tions. People will probably lay in a supply Saturday night that will last them over Sunday. "The movement toward the change has been agi-tated for some time and had its beginning with petty rivalry among some of the merchants. The change that has been made is a sweeping one and more extensive than was contemplated. Even the barber shops are af-fected, and will be compelled to remain closed all day Sunday, though this branch of business was not in-cluded in the original complaints. "As to whether penny-in-the-slot machines will be tolerated is a question. Dealers in confectionery con- tend that such devices should also be taken in and locked up. The matter has not been formally brought before the selectmen for decision. "The effect of the change will probably be very far-reaching, and when the season at Forest Lake is opened the extent of the change will be realized more fully and will be felt by a large number of the people. The principal profits at Forest Lake on Sunday are derived from the sale of such articles as are now under the ban, and the business at this popular summer resort is likely to be very unprofitable if the law is strictly enforced, as is likely to be the case. It is probable that the merchants deal-ing in cigars and confectionery will not be content toŁ stand by and see their shops closed and allow the sale of such articles at Forest Lake. They will undoubtedly enter complaints and prosecute the same for their own protection. "The change is regarded by many as a desirable one, especially in Palmer, where business has been con-ducted on Sunday for many years in utter disregardŁ  of the laws relating to the Lord's day. Such conditions have prevailed in the past because no one was willing to come forward and complain and prosecute the of-fenders. Now the selectmen have taken the matter in hand and violators of the law must beware." The statement which we have italicized, that this"had its beginning with petty rivalry among some of the merchants," is significant. This is very fre- quently the case in the enforcement of Sunday statutes. They are allowed to remain a "dead letter" upon the statute books until either "petty rivalry" or religious bigotry moves somebody to demand their enforcement. Of such "laws" as of no others known to American jurisprudence the words of Thomas Jefferson are con-stantly proving true : "A single zealot may commence persecution and better men be his victims." Doubtless, too, if the friends of the Massachusetts Sunday law were compelled to defend it against an at-tack on constitutional grounds, they would assert that it is not "religious" but "civil ;" that it "is designed not to secure a religious observance of the day, but to afford a day of rest to the workingman," etc. Yet the statute uniformly styles Sunday "the Lord's day ;" and the "usual exemption" for Sabbatarians emphasizes its religious character by providing that "whosoever conscientiously believes that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and act-ually refrains from secular business and labor on that day, shall not be liable to the penalties of this chapter for performing secular business, travel, or labor on the Lord's day, if he disturbs no other person." The expression, "conscientiously believes," etc., like many others of like character found in the Sunday statutes of most of the States, reveals very clearly the religious character of the law. The Sabbatarian is al-lowed to work "if he disturbs no other person," but one who has no religious faith is not, according to this 