26o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Roman Catholics in Trenton, N. J., have begun an organized effort to have Painter's misnamed ' History of Educa-tion ' crossed off the list of Trenton public school books." The work is used as a text-book in the city training school for teachers, and because of certain pas-sages in it that speak plainly of the character and corruptions of " represen-tatives of the Church, even those in the highest station," at the period just pre-ceding the beginning of the Reformatton, it is characterized as " a vile text-book," and its use as a text-book is declared to be using the public schools for the dis-semination of bigotry." It is declared that " the board of education should long , ago have been called to account for allow-ing such a book to be used in an institu-tion largely supported by Catholic tax-payers." If the book misrepresents his-tory it should be " crossed off the list," but if it does not this demand should not be heeded. The rule that should govern in such a matter is not as to what is pleasing or displeasing to a religious body, but as to what is the historical truth. There should be no falsification of history and no distortion of historical teaching to suit any religionists, never mind how much of the taxes they may pay for the support of the public schools. There is reason to believe that Roman Catholics in this country would like, and are seeking, to have everything eliminated from schools and libraries that is not fa-vorable to the Catholic Church. This may be proper enough from their stand-point, but nobody who cares anything for the truths of history can look with favor upon such an attitude. In 1899 a " weekly wage " law was en-acted in Indiana. In a case in which the State factory inspector had brought suit under the law to compel a certain corpo-ration to pay its employees their wages weekly instead of bi-weekly as was its  custom, the supreme court of the State on April 8 pronounced the law to be " in conflict with the bill of rights and also with the Fourteenth Amendment to the Federal Constitution." In passing upon the question the court declared : The statute places the wage earners of the State under quasi-guardianship. It classes them with minors and other persons under legal disability by making their contracts void at the pleasure of a public officer. It tends to degrade them as citizens by impeaching their ability to take care of themselves. It is pa-ternalism pure and simple, in violent contrast with the liberty and equality theory of our in-stitutions. An exact parallel to a " weekly wage " law is a " weekly rest-day " law. When the law undertakes to " provide " and en-force a " weekly rest-day " for working people it just as verily places them " un-der quasi-guardianship " and " classes them with minors and other persons un-der legal disability " as when it under-takes to determine for them when and how they shall be compensated for their labor. In one case just as much as in the other the law " tends to degrade them as citizens by impeaching their ability to take care of themselves." Therefore we may say in the language of the supreme court of Indiana that a " rest-day " law, even a " civil " " rest-day " law, " is paternal-ism pure and simple," and is " in violent contrast with the liberty and equality theory of our institutions." On March 28 a hearing was held be-fore a committee of the Massachusetts legislature on a bill " to have city em-ployees of Boston paid overtime for Sunday and night work." The author of the bill, Representative Bradley of Bos-ton, explained that occasionally, as in the case of snow shoveling, employees of the city were called upon to work on Sunday, and that at present the city paid for this extra work at the same rate as it paid for work on other days, where- 