372 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ment or enactment of Sunday laws in response to religious sentiment will find plenty of stanch opponents, for the thing is too palpable a violation of the prin-ciples of religious liberty to go unchal-lenged and unresigted in a time when these principles are held to be fundamen-tal. But the difficulty is that the en-forcement and enactment of Sunday laws in the future is not going to be, at least apparently, in response to religious sen-timent. It is going to be increasingly difficult to see, or to get others to see, that there is any enforcement of religion in, Sunday enforcement, for it is going to be placed upon the ground of social necessity or expediency and not upqn that of religious obligation. Now the question is, will Sunday enforcement arouse the same opposition when done without any apparent connection with re-ligion as it does when done plainly in response to religious sentiment? Will the labor union's or the merchants' asso-, ciation's demand for Sunday enforcement Šthat is, for the prohibition by law of labor and business on SundayŠbe re-garded as as much opposed to the right-ful liberty of the citizen as the church's demand for the same thing? Upon this depends the question of whether there will be in these times vigorous enforce-ment of the Sunday institution, which is and will remain essentially religious. For " a secular journal," as it has recently stated itself to be, Leslie's Weekly, " the oldest illustrated weekly in the United States," is certainly very much concerned for the maintenance of " the existing Sunday laws in New York State." As will be seen by one of the quotations below, it has even presumed to advise and stir up the churches them-selves in this matter. The secret of this concern for the Sunday laws may be con-tained in the Weekly's declaration in its issue of April 2 that it is " a journal  that believes in the Bible and in the relig-ion which the Bible teaches, and is glad, when opportunity offers, to help along any of the noble causes to which the churches of all names and sects are com-mitted." But it is more probable that this concern is to be accounted for chiefly by the fact that the Weekly is affiliated with the political party which in New York State is committed to the policy of defending and 'upholding Sunday legis-lation. Though they are now somewhat old, it will be worth while to present some quotations from the Weekly. This is from an editorial in its issue of March iv We are confident that a large majority of the legislators, of all parties, will continue as in the past to oppose such a measure [" the old and familiar bill permitting saloons to remain open during certain hours on Sunday "], and that in so doing they will reflect the conserva-tive and the best sentiment of the people of the entire State, including the most intelligent and responsible residents of the cities. As for our own views in the matter, we see no reason to recede from the position we have taken in the past, that, aside from all the purely religious aspects of the questionŠand we do not under-value theseŠwe believe it unsafe and utterly unwise policy to further weaken the present feeble safeguards which the laws of the Empire State throw around the Day of Rest in behalf of any interest, and least of all on behalf of an interest so selfish and so inimical to the true and higher welfare of the community as the liquor traffic. . . . To hold this view is not to be a Sabbatarian in the narrow and odious sense of that term, but only a fair-minded and reasonable American citizen, one who believes that the saloons in New York now have all, and more than all, the privileges and immuni-ties which they ought to have, and that the ob-servance of one day in seven as a period of rest and religious worship, free as possible from the distractions and temptations of .other days, is good not only for the soul of man, but good for him in every department of his being, physical, mental and spiritual, and also that our so-called American Sunday is an institution of which we ought to be proud and one which we ought to jealously guard from attack either by its avowed enemies or confessed but mistaken friends. 