PRESENT. FRITTERING AWAY OF THE DECLARATION 503 luctant members of the confederacy to the conclusion that it was safe to append their names to the Declaration of Inde-pendence. The omission to refer to the Declara-tion of Independence as the one great event following the evacuation of Bos-ton was not an accident. It must have been due to the clear perception of Sen-ator Lodge that a reference to the Dec-laration of Independence in its language would be a fatal criticism upon the policy to which he is now devking himself in the attempt to subjugate the Philippine Islands to the government of the United States without the consent of the people occupying the islands. Under the influ-ence of the same idea he presents to the country a paraphrase of the Declaration of Independence, so framed that it justi-fies the proceedings now going on in Cuba and the Philippine Islands. Among the consequences of the evacuation of Boston to which he attributed impor-tance, the chief est are these : "The American Revolution which begun at Lexington and Concord and ended at Yorktown was the first step in the great movement which swept away privileges, made democracy a reality, and converted the doctrine that all civilized governments ultimately derive their powers from the whole body of the community, from a dream to a maxim." A careful reading of this extract justi-fies two or three conclusions. First, that it is a paraphrase of the Declaration of Independence with limitations. The words of the Declaration of Independ-ence are these: "We hold these truths to be self-evident; that all men are cre-ated equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness ; that to se-cure these rights governments are insti-tuted among men, deriving their just  powers from the consent of the gov-erned." Senator Lodge's paraphrase limits the right of self-government to civilized governments, or to those who. live unjier governments that are called civilized. Hence it follows that others are excluded from the doctrines of the Declaration of Independence. Next, he does not admit that persons living under civilized governments are entitled im-mediately to the right of self-govern-ment, but that ultimately the right may be gained through and for the whole body of the community. Thus he has so interpreted the Dec-laration of Independence as to justify our operations in the Philippine Islands, upon the ground that the inhabitants, when taken possession of by us, were not living under a civilized government. And he further limits the right of per-sons who may be living under civilized governments in such manner that they are not entitled to the right of self-gov-ernment immediately, but ultimately they may come into the enjoyment of it. The positions taken by Senator Lodge are the necessary results of the policy in which the country has become involved by the acquisition of the Philippine Islands and the government of them by force. They are, however, a plain and authoritative recognition of the fact . . . that the Declaration of Independz ence is no longer regarded either as the supreme law of the country or as a dec-laration of human rights on which the Constitution of the United States was framed and toward which the nations of the earth have been turning their faces. However important the evacuation of Boston may have been in forwarding the policy of the Colonies, it did not attract large notice in America, nor has it been an inspiring motive to those abroad who have looked to the United States for in-struction and guidance in their efforts 