ONTARIO'S "LORD'S DAY" LEGISLATION INVALID 505 Ł lation in question and for all the points favorable to Sunday enforcement. The other side of the question, which was pre-sented by an attorney in about a half day's time, seemed to make the most favorable impression upon the court. Before a de-cision could be rendered the venerable Lord Chief Justice, who especially seemed not to look with favor upon the conten-tions of the attorneys representing the Province and the " Lord's Day " Alli-ance, found it necessary to resign because of his age. This made necessary a re-hearing of the matter, which took place before Chief Justice Armour and Justices Osler, Maclennan, Moss, and Lister at Toronto on April 2, 3, and 4, 1901.     Again the attorney-general of the Prov-ince and Attorney A. E. O'Meara for the " Lord's Day " Alliance argued in behalf of the Sunday legislation, and other at-torneys argued against it. In the form of separate responses to the questions by each justice, except Jus-tice Lister, who died while the matter was under consideration, the court ren-dered its decision on April 14, 1902. Chief Justice Armour answered the ques-tions thus : As to question 1, I am of the opinion that the legislature of Ontario had no jurisdiction to enact R.S.O., 1897, chapter 246, intituled " An Act to prevent the Profanation of the Lord's Day," in its present form and to the full extent of its provisions. The profanation of the Lord's Day is an offense against re-ligion, and offenses against religion are prop-erly classed under the limitation " crimes," and consequently the enacting of laws to pre-vent the profanation of the Lord's Day, and imposing punishment therefor by fine, penalty, or imprisonment, properly belongs to the Par-liament of Canada under sub-section 27 of sec-tion or of the British North America Act, and to this extent chapter 246 is beyond the power of the legislature of Ontario. The conse-quence of this opinion is that to this extent C.S.U.C., chapter 104, is still in force, never having been repealed by competent authority. And as the result of this opinion I answer questions 2 (a) and (b) in the negative. As to question 3, I say that the meaning of the words " other persons whatsoever " in sec-tion i of C.S.U.C., chapter 104, is limited soŁ as to apply only to persons ejusdent gencris with the classes enumerated. I answer questions 4, 5, and 6 in the nega-tive. Question 7: (a) I answer in the affirmative, and as to (b) I say that such necessity may grow out of or be incident to a particular manufacture, trade, or calling; and I answer (c) in the negative. Every one of these answers was against the contentions of the Province and the " Lord's Day " Alliance. But the Chief Justice was alone in his opinion on the vital point. The other justices, with the exception of questions 7 (a), (b) and (c), which they declined to answer, agreed with the Chief Justice on all the ques-tions except the first. That they an-swered in the affirmative, and thus the opinion of the court on the vital point was a victory for the champions of the Sunday legislation. As a case entitled " The Attorney-General for the Province of Ontario vs. the Hamilton Street Rail-way Company and others," the matter was then appealed directly to the Im-perial Privy Council in London, before the judicial committee of which the mat-ter was argued for three days, the hear-ing concluding on July 14 last. The ju-dicial committee at once rendered its de-cision. The following is from the report of the matter given in the London Times-of July15:   The Court of AppealŠthe late Chief Justice Armour dissentingŠdecided that the legisla-ture of Ontario had jurisdiction to enact the statute in question, but on the other and more abstract questions answered them in the nega-tive. Against that decision, on the latter points, the present appeal was brought by the Ontario government, while the Dominion government contested the opinion of the Court of Appeal on the first and most important ground, viz., whether the act in question was one within the province and powers of the provincial legislature to enact, they contending that legislation on such matters was within the 