cilfallsnAm ISZE27171 VoL. XVIII NEW YORK, JANUARY I, 1903 No.     Religion is at the basis of all legisla-tion concerning Sunday. Ł Men can be driven to do wrong, but they must be lcd into the way of right. Some of the very worst chapters of history are chapters of the history of the Papacy. 4,ŁŁ It amounts to the same thing in the end whether the church becomes political or the state religious. Ł The question of Sabbath observance is a religious one, and should be left to the individual conscience. Ł While the clergymen are seeing " that the laws are enforced," who will see that the gospel is preached ? Ł Ł  The burden of the Christian ambas-sador is not law, but love. His work is not to drive, but to draw men. Ł When the church gets to swinging the ax of civil legislation a great deal of Ł damage is very likely to be done. Ł When the church has " cleaned society out " by means of the " enforcement of law," she will be very certain to need con-siderable cleaning out herself. Christians can do more to reform so-ciety by taking hold of God than they can by taking hold of the legislature. Ł The church can succeed only in con- forming herself to the world when she seeks to compel the world to conform to herself. Federation and legislation have their place, but in the work of turning people into the way of righteousness it is an ex-ceedingly small place. Ł Christianity does not do its work for the world through legislation and the state. It has a much better and more direct method than that. Ł The best way to save men's surround- ings is to save them, for their surround-ings can never be saved until they are saved; and they can never be saved by the saving of their surroundings. Ł A labor unionist has as much right to interfere with his neighbor in exercising his right to work as has a " defender " of the " Christian " or " civil " " Sabbath." Neither of them has any right whatever in that direction. ' Ł The right to work is as sacred as the right to rest, and he who rests (on Sun-day or at any other time) has no more right to say that others shall not work 