LIBERTY, NOT ANARCHY. 23 The more thoroughly absorbed in busi-ness a man is the less likely is he to care much about any kind of idealism, and the more likely is he to forget that ideal-ism has been the kindly goddess whose gracious care has brought him and the community in which he lives to a state of advancement in which he can make money like a gentleman instead of eating raw fish like a savage. It is for this reason, we think, that many business men just now are permitting themselves to talk loosely about "outgrowing" democracy, and "the mistake" of uni-versal suffrage. Democracy is far enough from perfection as a form of the state, and universal suffrage has many mistakes, not to say wrongs, to answer for. But none the less we should like to have the critics of popular government point out the nation that, under a mon-archial organization or a restricted suf-frage, has more magnificently prospered than has the United States under demo-cratic institutions, or in which human life and all the most sacred interests of humanity have been on the whole more efficiently safeguarded than they have been in this land of free speech and free enterprise. Between a return to the monarchial or aristocratic forms of government, on the one hand, and anarchistic criminality on the other hand, there is a wide zone in which the principles of sound repub-licanism, of personal liberty, of justice and morality, have flourished for a cen-tury, and in which they will continue to flourish if broad mindedness and cool headedness are not to be submerged by  selfish greed or political hysteria. Re-publicanism can draw a safe and prac-tical line between that criticism of gov-ernment which is good for the state as it is for all individuals who live within the state, and that criminal incitement to murder or rapine as a means of re-dressing fancied wrongs which should never be dignified with the name of political agitation. With patience and determination the evils that survive in even the best of political systems may be diminished through intellectual warfare far more certainly than by a resort to physical force. The contest over slavery was the most magnificent demonstration in all history that popular suffrage is not a weak agency for devising and maintaining lawful government. Lin-coln's superb faith in the people has in every crisis of our history been abun-dantly vindicated. At the ballot box every great issue of human welfare must soon-er or later be decided. The great truth, then, which every American citizen should try to grasp and to hold dear, is that of the absolute safety and the sufficiency of liberty with-in the forms of law and subject to no other limitations than those of the com-mon morality of civilized men. Within this liberty there is abundant opportunity for the sharpest criticism, the most in-dignant arraignment of governmental foims and administrative activities that are inimical to the common weal. Within this liberty there is no license for men who would substitute bombs for discus-sion or daggers for ballots. 