266 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Let us recognize his claim to take a prominent position In the calendar devoted to the saintly or-thodox, And insert a special heading in the Sunday-school petition, " May God bless Charles the Second, and may Heaven preserve the stocks." Let us all become detectives, down on Sab-bath desecration, Let us catch the bold offenders in the very act of crime, That the stocks may never suffer from lack of occupation, And the prison and the pillory be going all the time. And whene'er we find a citizen who tries the Sunday watering Of his twenty-feet of grass plot or his bed of hollyhocksŠ Well, we can't resort to hanging, or to draw-ing, or to quartering, But all praise to Charles the Second, we can put him in the stocks. The "Jerome Bill" and the Opposition to It We have had opportunity thus far to barely more than refer to the matter of the " Jerome Sunday-opening bill " which was introduced in the New York legislature in January, and which has occasioned no little discussion. This bill, which so altered the present Sunday law with regard to the liquor business as to legalize the opening of saloons and the sale of liquor on Sunday in New York City from one o'clock in the afternoon to eleven in the evening, did not of course directly raise the issue of Sunday legis-lation itself, but by the sort of op-position it aroused it served to show very clearly to those who would observe what the principle of Sunday legislation is and what sort of sentiment it is that sup-ports it. Because of this fact we give attention to the matter. Two legislative hearings were given on the bill. The first was held on February 17, when " a crowd of clergymen appeared against the bill." Among those who spoke in op-position to the measure were these : Dr. I. W. Hathaway, representing the Amer-ican Sabbath (Sunday) Union and " several other Sabbath observance associations "; Rev. Dr. W. S. Hubbell, representing the New York Sabbath (Sunday) Committee; Mr. John I. Platt, representing the Sabbath Com-mittee of the Presbyterian Church; Rev. F. E. Inglehardt, representing the Methodist Preachers' Meeting of New York City; Rev.  Henry Wood, representing the Baptist organ-izations of the State; Rev. F. E. Shearer, treasurer of the Presbytery of New York; Mr. Robert Graham, representing the Church (Episcopal) Temperance Society; Rev. Dr. Chas. Mead, representing the Sons of Tem-perance; Dr. Howard Russell, representing the Anti-Saloon League; Dr. Johnson, repre-senting the Independent Order of Good Tem-plars; Mrs. Ella A. Boole, president of the State W. C. T. U.; and Rev. I. H. Funk of New York, and Rev. Dr. Freeman of Yonkers. This list indicates better than anything we can say just what element it is that is aroused by the proposal to modify the Sunday law, and just what sentiment it is that opposes such modification. With but two exceptions, every one of the above speakers was a clergyman, and of course one of the persons for whom ex-ception is made was a woman. And it should not be forgotten that the tem-perance societies named are virtually re-ligious and church organizations, or that at least in this matter they act as re-ligious and church organizations. The representative of the Methodist Preach-ers' Meeting of New York declared the very obvious fact that " nearly every minister is opposed to the opening of the saloons on the Sabbath." He thought Sunday closing " makes for good gov-ernment and is good politics as well." Another very obvious fact of the same 