53o  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY day," and declared : "If golf isn't a game, it's a diversion." The golfers evi-dently believe that prudence is the better part of valor in the matter, and have de-cided to discontinue Sunday playing for the present. It is reported that the Greenfield agitation "has proved infec-tious, and ,an Athol pastor has decided on a similar movement," and other cler-gymen in neighboring towns are follow-ing suit. ¥ About the 1st of May a local branch of the Retail Clerks' International Pro-tective Association was organized in Trenton, N. J., and "one of the first things the clerks did was to appoint a committee to see to the closing of mer-chandise stores on Sundays." They de-fined as merchandise stores those dealing in "shoes, dry goods, clothing, hats, jew-elry and furnishings." Beginning with Sunday, May 25, they began securing evidence against the proprietors of open stores, and on June 9 secured warrants for the 'arrest of some fifteen or twenty business men, and it was announced that "in all over fifty business men will be compelled to answer the charge of dese-crating the Sabbath by selling goods which are not considered real necessities of life." We have not learned the out-come of the prosecutions. It seems that a city ordinance imposes a fine of $2 for every article sold, and the clerks, in ob-taining their evidence, purchased "a large number of small articles, such as handkerchiefs, so that the fines would run up to a considerable' figure." The clerks declare that the movement is "not spasmodic, but will be continued from week to week until Sunday selling is stopped." One report says their action' is in retaliation upon the merchants be-cause they would not close early in the evenings. On June 3 the Merchants' Protective Association of Jersey City, N. J., decided to "inaugurate a Sunday-closing move-ment and endeavor to induce all retail dealers to close their places of business on the Sabbath." In the discussion pre-ceding the appointment of a committee to formulate plans for carrying into ef-fect this determination, one member de-clared that the best way to secure Sun-day closing would be "to have a law en-acted forbidding merchants keeping open on the Sabbath." Another declared that there were sufficient laws now, if they would only be enforced, and another de-clared that the only laws that would bring about the desired result were "the old 'blue-laws.' " Others thought that whatever was done must have the sup-port of the general public, and advised a campaign of education for the purpose of molding public sentiment to support strict Sunday closing. Another declared that "it is mostly members of labor or-ganizations who force us to keep open on Sunday; they come to us and want our good will to get shorter hours ; we should now go to their organizations and ask them to assist us." The Jersey City News, from which we gather the above information, says this last point was "a strange phase of the discussion." It is certainly one that 'is not without con-siderable significance. It points in the direction of a combination between mer-chants and workmen to compel all busi-ness to cease on the first day of the week. ¥ After much agitation pro and con there has at last been passed by the al-dermen of Montreal, Canada, an amend-ment to the Sunday "by-law," as the Sunday-closing ordinance is termed, which permits the sale of fruits, cigars, confectionery and temperance beverages between the hours of 9 in the morning and 11 in the evening on Sundays in, the 