654 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY human tide from the playhouse to the adjoining place of worship," Rev. .H. Francis Perry, " in the Englewood Baptist Church only a few yards away, was inveighing against Sunday theater-going and Sunday plays." . In the morning " the ministers of several churches appealed to their congrega-tions, asking their assistance in com-pelling the theater to close, and de-clared a boycott upon it." Some of the ministers also " threatened the players with arrest and punishment." It seems that there is no law in Illinois against Sunday theatrical per-formances,. and the church people are therefore somewhat at a loss to know how to proceed. They are unable to raise the familiar cry of " respect for law," " enforcement of the law," etc. Assistant State's Attorney Blair, whom they have consulted about the matter, has informed them that Sunday per-formances " cannot be prevented so long as the law regulating theatrical performances is observed." He sug-gested that if they would " keep close watch " on the theater they might be able to get sufficient evidence to have the Sunday performances enjoined as a nuisance, but said that " no matter how disagreeable this form of amuse-ment may be to our tastes or our idea of Christian culture, injunction pro-ceedings will not lie until the thing has become a nuisance within itself." The newspapers do not seem to have much sympathy with the contention of the church people. We note this in the Chicago Post: The moral sentiment of the very moral element of the extremely moral department of Englewood will quite agree with Rev. Mr. Perry that tile in-stitution of a Sunday theatrical amuse-ment is a " crying shame " and that the Christian residents of Englewood should rise up and " crush this thing out with a sweeping blow ; " at the  same time we must proceed regularly and with dignity. Necessary though it may be to strike a sweeping and crushing blow, we must not take the reverend gentleman too literally and begin a reign of violence, even if the end appears to justify the means. Manager Braunig has some rights, and he seems to be a peace-loving and char-itably disposed citizen who admits that he has no ill feeling toward his church friends next door. We cannot, no matter how militant we may be relig-iously, tear down his theatre or mob his company or ride him on a rail out. side the Englewood limits; that would be a sweeping blow not justified by the law in the case. We can go to him and show him what irreparable injury he is working; we can pray for him without ceasing, or we can move on him through the courts. There is no doubt about the crying shame, but we must not forget to set at all times a Christian example of dignity and for-bearance. The best way to crush out Sunday performances in Englewood is to stop going to Sunday performances. We may be wrong, but it occurs to , us that if Manager Braunig is com-pelled to depend for his success on the patronage of those who do not live in Englewood, not many special trains of Sabbath-breakers will run down to that delightful locality on the Lord's day. Last spring the Chicago Israelite pub-lished this note that is of interest in connection with the matter of religion in the public schools: This time it was the Chicago Con-gregational Ministers' Union that presented resolutions to the board of education of this city asking for an introduction of Bible readings in the public schools. The resolutions fa-vored such daily reading of selections " as will place due emphasis upon their importance in the formation and determination of conduct." The min-isterial associations do not seem to tire in making their applications to the board of education. Annually the same petition is presented, and annually the same disposition is made of the peti- 