EDITORIAL 451  The meat cutters and grocery clerks of Chicago have received help in their ef-forts for Sunday closing from an unex-pected quarter. High prices have so af-fected the meat trade that dealers find it to their advantage to close on Sundays, and are doing so quite generally. But the assistance of the beef trust is not altogether an unmixed blessing to those who desire Sunday closing, for "while the clerks and meat cutters are joyful over this victory they are wroth over the fact that some 6f the men have lost their jobs or been compelled to work for less pay." It is rather difficult to completely sep-arate church and state when once they have been united. Mail matter and tele-grams issued by the Vatican are toll-free throughout Italy undei a law passed May 31, 1871. Immediately after the re-cent robberies at the Vatican the tele-graph lines of Italy were used by the Vatican to the amount of 38,000 francs, for which the Italian government made no charge. Much of the stolen valuables have already been returned to the Pope, among them being $8o,000 in American government bonds. The Waconia (Minn.) Patriot an-nounces that "the merchants of New Prague have unanimously agreed to close their stores on Sunday so that they and their 'clerks may rest upon the Sabbath according to the Scriptures." The agree-ment went into effect on May 1, and each merchant has "deposited a cash consider-ation as an act of good faith in the mat-ter." This sort of Sunday closing is proper enough, and it is not clear how anything more than such voluntary agreements as this can rightfully and justly be employed in the matter. It was recently reported from Wiscon-sin that the paper-mill workers of that State had gone on a strike "for the Sun-day rest day," their demand being that the mills should be closed from 6 p.m. Saturday to 7 a.m. Monday. This is the first strike for a weekly rest day that has ever come to our notice. Of course if workmen are required to work on Sun-day against their wishes they have the right by any and every means consistent with the rights of others to seek to bring about a change in the matter. The Sioux Falls (S. Dal:.) Press re-ports that that city "has a novelty in the way of a Sunday barber shop. There are fourteen barber shops in the city, and all are members of the union except this one. This particular shop closes on Sat-urday, and is open for business on Sun-day. The proprietors are Seventh-day Adventists and observe the rules of that church. How long this innovation will last remains to be seen." It is announced that Sunday burials are at an end in Trenton, N. J., "owing to the action of the coachmen's union, which is backed by the ministers." Cler-gymen of La Crosse, Wis., have adopted a resolution "against holding funerals on the Sabbath," and "propose to make a strong fight against the practise." The Montevideo (Minn.) Leader, having expressed its hope that the base-ball fraternity of that city would not "en-courage games on the Sabbath," the Ap-pleton Press remarks that "public senti-ment would heartily endorse the aboli-tion of the practise everywhere." There are signs that 1848 is coming back to Europe, says The Independent. 