THE "BLUE LAWS" 137 considerations favor and demand certain measures of Sunday closing and enforce-ment. They are nevertheless aiding in enforcing deference to a religious ob-servance. Any enforcement of conduct  on Sunday different from that enforced on other days is an enforced recognition of the day as a religious institution, no matter what may be the motive of those who cause such enforcement." The "Blue Laws"* I T is difficult to understand why the blue laws should be so vigorously upheld by the preachers and some of their parishiohers. The laws are not respected. If they ever served a good purpose, they have long since ceased to do so. They do not make people go to church who prefer to go somewhere else. They do not promote religious sentiment. They do not even command outward ob-servance in the conspicuous examples of the railways, the traction lines and the great industrial plants. Only the weak, the poor, and the incautious get caught in their meshes ; and if they have any ef-fect'except to arouse a spirit of revolt among large sections of the community the fact is not apparent. Ł And what right has the State to compel Sunday observance? This is not a theoc-racy. Religious freedom is supposed to be one of the cardinal guaranties of the State. Our people are cosmopolitan. Many of them observe other days than Sunday. We have among us tens of thousands who regard Saturday as a sa-cred day. There are others who perhaps so regard Friday. Others still consider all days equally sacred. Yet here are laws designed to make all persons in Pennsylvania observe one certain day as sacred. Have they any right to exist? Are they not in violation of the very spirit of our free institutions ? * This is an editorial which appeared in the Daily Democrat, Johnstown, Pa., on the 12th instant. It was called forth by the agitation then on in Pennsylvania regarding the pro-posed modification of the ancient Sunday law. People cannot be made religious by law. They cannot even be made to seem so. Religion is an impulse of the heart. It comes from within. It springs from the deeper fountains of human nature. And the more it is made the subject of regula-tion and formalism and convention the weaker become the forces behind it. It was Jesus himself who said the Sabbath was made for man, not man for the Sab-bath. .We believe in a day of rest. But we do not believe one portion of the people have a right to compel the rest of the people to observe the particular day which the others wish to observe. Each man surely has a natural right to deter-mine such matters for himself. He has a right to religious freedom. He has a right to do whatever he pleases up to a point where he would begin to trespass upon the equal rights of his fellows. Cer-tainly no one would object to an observ-ance of the spirit of the blue laws by those who uphold them. The objection lies against an attempt of these people to make other people observe the spirit of those laws also. There is a good deal of insularity in Pennsylvania. It would do a lot of our people good to travel about over their own country a little. They would find intelligent, progressive and deeply relig-ious communities which riever had a blue law and which get along quite well with-out such legal aids to piety. There are many cities and towns in the country where latitudinarian views regarding Sunday observance are held. Yet the 