294 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. heritage. It was the legitimate fruit of permitting God's own plan of government to work among them. It was a glorious goal for the once despised people, and the path leading to it was a happy and an easy one. There was also another great principle which God laid down for Israel, and upon the observance of which their happiness and welfare as a nation largely de-pended. In the prophecy of Balaam it is said of Israel : "From the top of the rocks I see him, and from the hills I behold him : lo, the people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations." The people of Israel were to dwell alone. They were to avoid "entangling alliances" with other peo-ples. To hold themselves in this condition was essen-tial to their glory and their greatness ; while all the nations would call them great if they held to the prin-ciples which God had given them ; yet they were not to be reckoned among the nations. In other words, Is-rael was to be a power among the nations; but not a nation among the powers. This separation was necessary. God did not ask Israel to stand alone because he wished to exercise arbitrary authority or because he wanted to impose hard regulations upon her. In his great wisdom he knew that it would be impossible for her to preserve the simplicity and righteousness of her institutions and at the same time become one among the powers of earth. Such was the "Commonwealth of Israel." Well would it have been for that nation had they never de-parted from it and entered upon the sad, though well-trodden, path of Imperalism. P. T. MAGAN. "After OrthodoxyŠWhat ?" The "Literary Digest" of the 12th inst. has an article under the foregoing heading that contains much food for thought. Reference is made in the "Digest" to an article by a Unitarian clergyman in "The North American Re-view" for April, in which the statement is made that "the essential features of the orthodox theory of re-ligion have been discredited by the modern knowledge of the modern world." This clergyman's conception of that which is to take the place of the discredited religion, namely of Christianity as generally understood (that is of faith in the atonement of Christ and in his power to save from sin), is "a perfect kingdom of God," which he says "becomes a perfectly reasonable dream." But herein lies a great danger. The power of God is the only power that can subdue or even hold in check the evil passions of men. But this power can be received only by faith. "Without faith it is impossible to please Him." Hence to destroy faith is to cut men  off from all hope of receiving the power of God to sub-due their evil hearts. But what is even the highest civilization, the high-est culture, without God? It is described in the first chapter of Paul's letter to the Romans : "When they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful ; but became vain in their owil imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened. Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools, and changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and to four-footed beasts, and to creeping things." This was the wisdom of Greece and Rome, and without faith in God it must be the wisdom of the twentieth century. Then when faith in God has per-ished, and by human wisdom "a perfect kingdom of God" has been established, not indeed of the God of the Bible, but of the imaginary being that human wisdom will have substituted for the Creator as he has revealed himself in nature and in the Scriptures, re-fusal to accept this "perfect kingdom" will be treason to the state. And so as in Rome "enlightened liberal-ism" will persecute for opinion's sake the "narrow-minded" minority who, by adherence to "antequated ideas, hinder the progress of the whole people." Even now the education of the schools tends to undermine genuine faith in the God of the Bible; but. this education is in some instances forced upon every-body. This will be so more and more; it will be held to be essential to the salvation of the state ; and those who oppose this false system will be regarded as enemies of the state. We do not half realize the dan-gers that are thickening around us. Much that is called liberality is only the worse tyranny. There is no real liberty outside the gospel of Jesus Christ, and this is the very thing that is assailed by those who attack the credibility of the Scriptures, who sneer at faith, and who by human wisdom and human legisla-tion would establish "a perfect kingdom of God." B. In the Chicago Tribune of April 6 the president of Michigan University, James B. Angell, argues that governments ought to protect by force their citizens who go as missionaries to foreign lands, but says it is agreed "that we should not make war upon any nation for the sake of carrying Christianity into it." But as missionaries go to a foreign land for the sole purpose of carrying Christianity into it, and the government under which they are citizens exercises its force to protect them in propagating that work, what else does the government do in effect but make war with a coun-try for the sake of Christianity, when it becomes nec-essary to protect the missionaries by force of arms? The only way out of the dilemma is for Christian 