2'aughitai OfillgETVER1 aszesn' Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX; L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty, and no less the duty oral] others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION year  Single copy, perx months  - " three months  To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  $1.00 .5o .25 1.50 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  Ł70 Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Con. respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., II Wed 20th Street, New York aty THE publishers of Good Health announce an unusually good number for August. It will contain about one-third more than the usual amount of literary matter (48  pages), and will be made especially attractive by nearly thirty well-chosen illustrations. The dedicatory exercises of the new building of the Battle Creek (Mich.) Sanitarium will be a special fea-ture. Extracts from speeches made on this occasion will be presented. Accounts of the recent dedicatory exercises of sanitariums at Madison, Wis., Caterham, England, and Sid-ney, Australia, will also be given. Besides these special features, the following important general articles are announced : " The Influence of Diet upon the Brain and Nerves," by Dr. J. H. Kellogg. "A Few Facts About Tea and Coffee Drink-ing," by Dr. J. H. Kellogg. " Effects of Tobacco upon the Human Body," by Dr. W. H. Riley. " Mosquitos as Carriers of Disease," by Dr. F. J. Otis. " Ten Scientific Arguments Against Alco-hol." " Rowing as an Exercise." " Healthful Dress." " What to Do in Emergencies." Besides the general articles there will appear as usual the valuable " Editorial " and An-swers to Correspondents " departments. Valu-able instruction with reference to almost every phase of reform in habits of living will be given. The number will be marked by com-pleteness. We trust that this valuable number may have a very large circulation, as is being planned by the publishers. Address, Good Health, Battle Creek, Mich. Ł Those interested in Emerson and his philoso-phy and who desire to join in and profit by the present Emerson examination should not'fail to obtain The Ethical Record for July. It is an " Emerson Centennial Number," and contains some seven or eight papers on as many differ-ent phases of Emerson's life and work. Among the contributors are Prof. Edward Dowden, John White Chadwick, William M. Salter, S. Burns Weston, and Percival Chubb. An ex-cellent portrait of Emerson accompanies the number. Address, The Ethical Record, 48 East 58th Street, New York City. Ł You, whose subscriptions expire with this month, have you sent in your renewal? 