EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 469 when Presidential candidates will count the favor of Rome as their greatest polit-ical asset. There are not lacking indica-tions that this favor is now rated very high in relation to the Presidency and is being assiduously courted in view of candidacy for that office. A question that has been to the front in Jewish ranks in re-cent years is that of sanctioning the transfer of the Sabbath services from the seventh to the first day of the week. Its appearance is the result, it seems, of the failure of a large proportion of the Jews to observe the seventh-day Sabbath and their practical substitution of Sunday observance instead, and the willingness of some Jewish leaders to alter the prin-ciples of Judaism to accord with this practise. At the Central Conference of American Rabbis at New Orleans last summer a committee was appointed " to consider the ethical and economical principles underlying the Sabbath, and whether the holding of Sunday services was likely to lead to schism or was other-wise injurious to Judaism or Jewish re-ligious interests." This committee ren-dered its report at the recent meeting of the conference in Detroit, and among other things said that " a transfer of Sabbath to Sunday, however much op-posed by sentiment, presents to the stu-dent of history no element of danger that the fundamental traits of the Jewish faith might be affected by such a transfer, or that the solidarity of the people of Israel might be disturbed." The committee recommended " reference of this all-important question " to an authoritative body to be hereafter established, but it was insisted by the chairman, Dr. Silver-man, that the conference should "declare itself in unmistakable terms on this Sab-bath question." After a prolonged de-bate the conference by a vote of twenty- three to nine declared itself " in favor of maintaining the historical Sabbath as a fundamental institution of Judaism, and exerting every effort to improve its ob-servance." A resolution Ł to the same effect was adopted at the convention of the Orthodox Jewish Congregations of 'the United States and Canada in New York on June 21. This body viewed " with deep regret that men calling them-selves Jews should advocate such a plan " as that proposed by some members of the Central Conference of Rabbis. The American Israelite says the declaration of the conference at Detroit " expresses' the overwhelming sense of the majority of the American rabbinate," and that we are not only not ready to commend a Sunday Sabbath, but we cannot afford to justify it for a possible future when it might seem expedient." We are glad that this is to remain the position of the Jews, for one reason because their in-fluence and opposition is needed against Sunday enforcement. This influence and opposition would be lost somewhat should they give up the Sabbath for Sunday. The stand taken is the one that com-mands the respect of outside observers, The New York Tribune says that " to the disinterested spectator the Jews are to be congratulated on the outcome of the controversy," and the New York Christian Advocate says that " after suf-fering persecution for so many years the Jews would make themselves ridiculous in the eyes of the whole world if they should change the day. It is true that many of the Jews do not keep Saturday, but the theory of changing principles with the change of the people is simply a theory for destruction and not for growth or regeneration." If the Jews are going to hold to any Sabbath at alI they should certainly hold to the seventh-day Sabbath, for that is the Sabbath of the Fourth Commandment, and no other is. The Jews Hold to the Sabbath 