THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 619 our Conventions and compacts all the force and sanction they can have; it does not arise from our vain institutions. Every good gift is of God; all power is of God, and He, who has given the power, . and from whom alone it originates, will never suffer the exercise of it to be practiced upon any less solid foundation than the power itself. If, then, all do-minion of man over man is the effect of the divine disposition, it is bound by the eternal laws of Him that gave it, with which no human authority can dis-pense; neither he that exercises it nor even those who are subject to it; and if they were mad enough to make an express compact that should release their magistrate from his duty, and should declare their lives, liberties, and properties dependent upon, not rules and laws, but his mere capricious will, that covenant would be void. The accepter of it has not his authority increased, but he has his crime doubled. Therefore, can it be imagined, if this be true, that He will suffer this great gift of government, the greatest, the best, that was ever given by God to mankind, to be the plaything and the sport of the feeble will of a man who, by a blasphemous, absurd, , and petulant usurpation, would place his own feeble, contemptible, ridiculous will in the place of the di-vine wisdom and justice?" J. 'D. B. (Concluded next week.) is INTERESTING LORD'S DAY CASE." Sunday Street-Railway Work in Canada. " LONDON, ONT., September 19.ŠPolice Magis-trate Love gave a decision this morning that will be of interest to Sunday-observance people. Three street-car employes were charged with profanation of the Lord's day, having spent last Sunday in ' steeling' switch points. The defence was that the work was one of necessity, as it could not be done during ordinary week days, owing to the frequent running of the cars and could not be properly done at night. The defense held good, and the defend-ants were discharged." The above item was taken from the Evening News, Toronto, Ont., Sept. 19, i9oo. London has no Sun-day street cars, so the company have Sunday to make repairs and do other necessary (?) work. There should be no occasion in London or any other city in Ontario for such a defense. The law that would prosecute and convict any citizen for honest labor performed on any day of the week is bad. That a man should be brought to the police court and there dealt with, and made to feel as a criminal (a police court is ever a criminal court) for simply " steeling" Ł switch points seems an absurdity. Why do the good people of Ontario continue to grope on in blindness to the fact that every such law is a relic of barbarism, and belongs not on the statute books of this Chris-tian land? All honor to the good judge who liberated the poor men who were simply doing nothing more than Christ Jesus himself did while a man on earth. He worked at the bench every first day, and by his life of industry forever set the seal of righteousness to honest labor. Doubtless many who are engaged in the work of spying out and causing the arrest of such offenders of the Lord's Day Act think they are do-ing God's service. They are even yet ignorant of the fact" that the papal church resorted to all such means to make Christians obey her dogmas, and millions were caused to perish from off the earth. The Lord's Day Alliance of Ontario is even now prosecuting its work of educating all the provinces up to that point where Parliament will be compelled to make a Dominion law so strong that every branch of industry will be stopped on Sunday. Even if it were a fact that Sunday were the Sab-bath, would it be pleasing to God to enact such a law? Can we find in the Bible any account where a nation ever was instructed to make a Sabbath law? "The works were finished from the foundation of the world. For He spake in a certain place of the seventh day on this wise: And God did rest the seventh day from all his works." (Heb. 4: 3,4.) Only the Creator could make a day of rest. This work He performed at the foundation of the world as soon as he made man, so the Sabbath (the seventh day) was made for man. Now, if man will only keep holy this day which Christ as God has made, he will see no reason for ever wanting any human statute to compel his neighbor to keep it. If all the good Christian people of Ontario would keep the Sabbath (the seventh day) holy, they would see no place for any law other than the fourth command- ment for Sabbath keeping, and all Sunday laws, ever made to compel the people to keep it as a rest day would be repealed. Vain is the help of man. Sunday laws are papal laws enacted over again_ Let all the people of London and everywhere over all the fair land of Canada read Isaiah 58: 12, 13, 14. Should the Al-liance succeed in securing the law they want, the "image of the beast" (Papacy) will be made. The prophecy of Revelation thirteen will then have been 