58 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. Heralds of the Morning. A thoughtful exposition of the signficance of the social and political problems of to-day, and increasing natural phenomena. Actual occurrences illustrating such subjects asŠ The Prevalence of Crime a Sign of Our Time, The Social Vice, Judgment is Turned Away Backward, The Earth is Filled With Violence, Etc., are cited to show more emphatically the fulfilment of prophecy in current events. The terrible condition of the poorer class in our large cities is vividly set forth by the author and emphasized by the artist in a chapter entitled, "Ye Have Heaped Treasure for the Last Days." It is a book of unusual and sustained interest. Contains nearly 300 pages, is fully illustrated, and issued in both English and German languages. Š PRICES  Cloth, Marbled Edges, - $1.25. Cloth, Gilt Edges,  1.50. The Coming King. Taking up the history of the worid at Creation Week, the story of man's fall is told, and the great plan of salvation fully outlined. The life and sacrifice of the true Lamb is a leading theme, while the great unrest of the nations, the elements, and the inhabitants of earth, points us to the promised coming King. 306 pages; 150 engravings. Silk Cloth, raised design and title in Ink, -  - - $1.00. Presentation edition, two colors, gilt top, - 1.50. Miracles and Delusions. "The Desire to Know the Mysterious," "Craving for Power," and "Predicted Manifesta-tions of Power," are the opening chapters. In them the author points out how this desire to know the supernatural and to possess power has grown during the past few years, and clearly shows that it is predicted in the Scriptures. Chapters four and five explain why divine power has not always attended the believer and prove that the time has now come when it must do so. Right here, when people expect to see divine power manifested, a counterfeit will appear, the author states; and it is thisŠ"Miraculous Workings that Deceive"Šagainst which he speaks. What this counterfeit is, and how it will manifest itself, is made plain. "The Fountain of Life" is a wonderfully helpful chapter, clearing away as it does the shadows which have so long hung between us and the "dark beyond." "The Science of Christianity" is also an important feature of the book. In it are dis-cussed true Christian Science, Divine Healing, the Perfect Mind, and Cause of Disease. There are other chapters which speak of Spiritualism, Demon Worship, Hero Worship, and the Personality of Spirits. The book contains 100 pages, Is attractively bound in cloth at 50 cents. Paper covers   15 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, Kansas City, Mo. 11 W. 20th STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Oakland, Cal. 