OF CffEUSTUAM LOZERTY VOL. XVIII NEW YORK, ATHURSDAY. JANUARY 8, 1903 No. 2     One person cannot "hold on" to the Sabbath for another. w The champions of Sunday enforcement would keep a man from losing "at least one-seventh" of his life by depriving him of his liberty one-seventh of the time. This is indeed a peculiar sort of benefi-cence. Before they undertake to enforce its observance the "friends of the Sabbath" should find out just what Sabbath ob-servance is. And when they have found that out in truth they will know that force has no place whatever in the matter. Ł "Two heads are better than one" does not seem to have proved true with the Papacy, with which one head in most cases has been always bad enough. The notorious historical fact that the Papacy has during several periods of its history had two popes at the same time does not strengthen the fundamental claims and pretensions of that institution, but it does indicate strikingly its real nature and character. The Sabbath is "God's opportunity to come into the soul and tune it up in con-cord with Himself," but it is an oppor-tunity that can be improved only by free and voluntary choice. An enforced "Sab-bath" is about as far from being such an  opportunity as anything can possibly be. The soul is not brought into concord with God by force, nor are God's opportuni-ties for coming into the soul subject to, or to be regulated by, human legislation. Ł According to the champions of Sunday enforcement "there is no other way in which we can save the church or the nation" but by "saving" the "Sabbath," and the "Sabbath" cannot be saved with-out legislation. This is equivalent to say-ing that church and nation can be saved by legislation, and only by legislation. This agrees perfectly with the principle which underlies all religious legislation, but we are inclined to believe that this is a scheme of salvation that is exceedingly deficient. The church or the nation which has no hope of salvation except through legislation has no hope of salva-tion at all. The "outrage" of working seven days in the week will hardly compare in hei-nousness with the outrage of denying to others the right to labor even one day in the week. Even if the preposterous as-sertion and assumption of the champions of Sunday enforcement were true, that the "use of Sunday for toil means the shortening of life about twelve years," means that a man's life "will be shortened at least one-seventh," it does not follow that other people have the right to step 