THE CHURCH AND THE STATE. 9 relationship that should exist between them. The church is an ecclesiastical organ-ization. It is commissioned by its Founder to teach the gospel. Its work is to lead men to recognize the Creator as an "object of worship, love, and obedience." it is to draw men by the cords of love to live holy lives. The church is appointed to be the conserv-ator of divine truth, to deal with the souls of men, to shape the moral nature, and to work for the redemption of a lost world. The state is a political or civil com-pact. Politics are inseparably con-nected with the state, because it is a political institution. The primary ob-ject of civil government is to protect the rights of men. It is to maintain civility; to prevent the strong from in-juring the weak. Hence it is designed to regulate the conduct of citizens toward their fellow-citizens. It is to maintain harmony and order where there would otherwise be confusion and anarchy. Thus we find that the church and the state occupy very different and distinct ground. The church is ecclesiastical; the state is political. The functions of the church are religious, and its realm is the spiritual; the duties of the state are political, and its sphere is the secular. The church is commissioned to preach the gospel ; the state is ordained to maintain civility. The church is to lead men to recognize and respect the claims of God; the state is to see that men recognize and respect the rights of their fellows. The church may beseech and draw by moral suasion ; the state must command and compel by the strong arm of the law. From the fact that the church and the state are assigned by their Author to entirely different spheres, and that their functions are so different and the means for accomplishing their ends are so op-posite, it is plain that the only true relationship that can exist is that of absolute separation. But what is meant by "separation"? Antagonism ?ŠNot at all. These in-stitutions, as ordained by the Creator, are not opposed to each other, hence there should be no friction. Nor will there be any when each occupies its legitimate sphere. The proper separation of church and state is simply each attending to its own line of work. We have seen that the functions of the church are spiritual and that those of the state are civil. These lines are fixed; they never cross. And as long as the state attends to civil matters only, and refuses to deal with religious questions, it is within its established boundaries. So, likewise, with the church. When it addresses itself to spiritual things only, and keeps its hands out of politics, and off from Caesar's sword, it is on legitimate ground. This is genuine separation, and it is the only true relationship of the church and the state. It is the separation taught by Christ in those emphatic words : "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22: 21. Church and state union, in the fullest sense, is absolute domination of one over the other. It may be state domina-tion as under the first Roman emperors ; or it may be church domination as exercised by the popes at a later period. 