EDITORIAL los While it seems to be an admitted and established fact that some nine or ten Filipinos, after being compelled to act as guides, were tortured and murdered by a detachment of American soldiers in the Philippines, it seems that nobody is to be held responsible for the crime or crimes. Friends of humanity in the United States have in this case, as in many others, done their best to secure in-vestigation and the punishment of those responsible, but although the officer charged with the responsibility has been tried a second time by court-martial in Manila, he has been acquitted again. The Springfield Republican says that on examination the President has been com-pelled to write across a large number of these court-martial verdicts of acquittal in the cases of soldiers and officers charged with employing unlawful and in-human methods of warfare, the word " Disapproved," and that in time the same word may be written across this late ver-dict. This means, as the Republican says, that these court-martial trials in most cases are mere farces. It not only does not follow from a verdict of acquittal that the crime charged was not commit-ted, but it does not follow that the person acquitted was not guilty of the crime. The authorities have announced 'that no legal proceedings will be taken against the officer who tortured to death, and who has confessed the crime, the Catho-lic priest on the island of Panay, holding that he is' now beyond the reach of the lawŠ" no longer amenable to either civil or military law for his actions while in command of the regiment in the Philip-pines." The officer is living in Vermont, his term of military service having ex-pired. This case has gained considerable notoriety, and is known as the " Father Augustine " case. It was brought to light through the efforts of the Anti-Im-perialist Committee of Boston, and the authorities were unable to avoid at least  investigating it, with the result that it was found to be just as described by those who for the sake of humanity and justice had interested themselves in the matter. " Father Augustine " was a prominent personage on the island of Panay ; he was delivered as a prisoner to an Amer-ican officer; this officer had him sub-jected to the water torture in the effort to extort information from him ; under this torture the priest died. All reference to the matter was excluded from' the military reports. In the Senate the,  other day those who were trying to defend this deed declared that the priest deserved to " have been tried by a drum-lead ,court martial and shot." The very pertinent inquiry was made as to why, then,. he was not so .tried 'and shot, instead of being tortured to death. It is worth mention-ing that The Outlook, which has been dis-posed always to scout the charge that American soldiers have resorted to cruel Ł and inhuman methods in the Philippines, and which, when the story of the " Father Augustine " case was first given to the public, regarded it as " inherently incred-ible," and thought those who believed it " had been deceived either by some Taga-logs or some sensational storymonger," has admitted thatŁ it was entirely mistaken in the matter. It admits that there has.  been " one instance in which water tor-ture was administered by a military of-ficer of the United States Government " ; one instance in which " the principle that no man shall be compelled to testify against himself was contemptuously vio-lated " by an American officer in the Philippines ; one instance in which such a person " violated alike the instincts of humanity, the fundamental principles of modern civilization, and the rules of warr, and did that for which there is " neither justification, excuse, or palliation," and' which can be excused " under no con-ceivable circumstances." It admits that instead of being a case of mischievous 