ANOTHER OMINOUS TENDENCY  431 happened during the last five years in Bulgaria, or Rumania, or anywhere else in Europe, which have happened in these United States, we would have been ¥ on fire with indignation ; but we are getting indifferent to itÑpeople mobbed, assault-ed, burned at the stake, while hundreds congregate to see the horror. These things are getting common, so common that the cheeks of American citizens ought to tingle with shame, that we ought to rouse ourselves, and every power which we possess, and cry until these things are stopped. If we cannot maintain order, protect life, liberty, property, free-dom of activity, then what is the use of the forms of law or the maintenance of the Republic? [The following was spoken on June 14.] It is said that the government of the United States ought to issue an indig- nant protest to the government of the Czar. I wish we could. But would not the Czar have a right to retort, " Physi- cian, heal thyself " ? Is not our house made of glass rather too brittle to en-courage us to engage in throwing stones ? Let the government of the United States, and the governments Of the separate States, send protests first to the barbarism that exists here in Ame-rica. At a great public meeting Dr. Lorimei has suggested that we appoint a great committee of notable citizens and send them to Russia to lay the case before the Czar. I have no objections to any proce-dure of that sort, but I would like first to send a committee of notable citizens down to Louisiana to protest against the mobbing and murdering of Italians ; out to California to protest against the mob-bing and murdering of Chinamen ; to Georgia to protest against the mobbing and murdering of negroes ; to Kentucky and many another Southern State to  protest against the condition of things that turns a whole family into murderers while they fight out, generation after generation, a feud, until the last man of the line is extinguished.  ¥ I would like to have this delegation go to Illinois and Indiana. In Indiana a negro is seen talking to a young girl thirteen or fourteen years of age. Some-body, without knowing anything about it, suggests that he is insulting her. A crowd gathers, of these purifiers of so-ciety, and the negro is shot, ¥ and the young woman has not been hurt at all, and so far as anybody knows no crime has been committed. Until we in this country can cleanse our skirts a little our lips should be closed so far as protest against any other country is concerned. This is flag day. I love the flag; I am ready to bow in its presence as being 'the symbol of liberty, of brotherhood, of hu-manity, of law. Oh, this is what it ought to be, but is it ? Is it, so long as these things I have been hinting at are true? Let us cleanse our own flag, make it pure and white and sweet ; then start, if we will, a crusade round the world for the suppression of inhumanity and bar-barism. But meantime we need to be a little humble about protesting to other nations. We must work for education here in this country; educate the people of both races, of all nationalities ; we ¥ must work for the love of God and the love of man ; create noble and true and fine ideals. But meantime, friends, let us, so far as this country is concerned, insist on jus- tice, insist on equal laws for all people, of every nation and every clime ; fight for equal opportunities ; let us strive for that civilization which takes the legal, though slower course, instead of joining in the madness of the mob that clutches at justice, but really grasps anarchy and disgrace. 