710 THE SENTINEL OF intention of establishing thereon the liveliest kind of a midway, or of sub-leasing it for that purpose. In this manner it is said to be possible that, while the exposition proper is closed on Sundays, "The Pike," as the side-show enterprise is to be called, may not be affected by the Congressional re-striction or the Treasury contract, especially as the exposition company, if directly interested in it, would not have it ready for Sunday opening until after the appropriation of $5,000,000 had been received from the Treasury and the national commission would have nothing to do with it. This is indicative of how little good will result from the efforts of those who are determined "to enforce the observ-ance of the 'American Sunday' " at the exposition. The exposition may be closed on Sunday (though that is by no means certain), but the closing of it will do more harm than good. Instead of being allowed to spend the day amid the instructive and for the most part certainly not objectionable sights and exhibits of the exposition, the people will be shut outside where there will be an abundance of "wide open" places of corrupting and degrading influence and character to receive them. The result will be a harvest of moral evil Ł such as no Sunday opening of the ex-position could ever produce. But of course those who demand Sunday clos-ing of the exposition arc not thinking of the welfare, moral or otherwise, of the people ; they are thinking of the "Sabbath" and the honor that will come to it by the closing of the expo-sition on Sunday. The only corruption of public morals that they seem to be concerned with in connection with such an exposition is that of diregard of the "Sabbath" by Sunday opening. This stands out quite plainly in the quota-tion which we have given from the Christian Advocate. It does not seem possible that any person of intelligence  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY could take so shallow and superficial a view of such a matter as to make Sun-day opening or closing the test of the moral influence and standing of these great expositions, but it seems that the editor of the Advooate does so. The fair at Ciiicago was opened on Sunday, therefore it was "corrupting" to "pub-lic morals ;" this one at St. Louis is to be closed on Sunday, therefore it is all right and "all Christians" "should aid in making this one a success" ! What-ever corruption of public morals is chargeable to the Chicago Fair is due to other things than its Sunday open-ing, to things that will in all probabil-ity be just as much in evidence at the St. Louis Exposition, notwithstanding its Sunday closing and the support given it by "all Christians who revere the Sabbath." Sunday opening in it-self is no corruption of public morals. In conclusion we would4like to ask upon whom rests the permanent stigma of having compelled or induced the Fed-eral government to make Sunday clos-ing a condition of its appropriation of money to the Chicago Exposition, and thus virtually forcing the management of the exposition, under Penalty of los-ing some millions of dollars, to "pledge' Sunday closing? And upon whom rests the permanent stigma of having done the same thing with regard to the St. Louis Exposition? In both cases there was a shameless disregard of the proper relation that should exist between church and state and violation of fun-damental American principles. The stigma of this is deeper and more last-ing than that alleged to rest upon the management of the Chicago Fair. Not those who disregard these measures for enforcing a religious observance, but those who cause their enactment, have most to answer for at the bar of just public opinion and most deserve its condemnation. 