444 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY verge; it is the sun of all beneficence and .blessing, and if it is not made to shine by ,legislative enactment and police enforce- ment woe, woe, woe, unto the material, political, social, physical and moral pros- pects of mankind ! Without it nothing can be attained, and all that has been at-tained will relapse into "chaos and eter-nal night." We cannot undertake here to examine :at length the points presented. Every ,one of them has been considered over and over in these columns before. It ,is sufficient to say with reference to the first point that there is not necessarily any connection between Sabbath observ-ance and national prosperity, and cer-tainly national welfare cannot be ad-wanced by enforced Sabbath observance. at is by no means certain that England and the United States are Sabbath-ob-serving nations. Whatever material and political prosperity they enjoy must he attributed to other sources. Perhaps a monarchy can be run without religion, but very few of them have been run with-out just such religion as is embodied in enforced Sunday observance. Religious ,principles may be important to the chi-.aens of a republic, and may make for its welfare, but no such religious principles .as those upon which enforced religion rests are needed in a republic. With regard to the second point it may be said that entirely too much is made of the importance of Sabbath rest as a physical necessity. Nature indicates that sleep is the restorative of lost vitality, .and that it must be taken daily. There is no foundation whatever for the idea that one day of rest in seven is needed to -bring the body back to its normal condi-tion. The Sabbath is a day for spiritual -exercise, not for physical rest. The man who takes a proper amount of sleep and is temperate in all things may observe no .day at all without injuring his physical  constitution a particle; whereas a people given over to continual dissipation would be ruined physically, never mind if they stopped labor altogether. "Sabbath desecration" makes criminals chiefly because that which is innocent in itself men have. undertaken without any warrant whatever to make a crime on a certain day of the week. Sunday enforcement is needed to pro-tect rights about as much as a law com-pelling people to sleep, eat or to marry is needed to protect rights. In this country no man is compelled to work and no man is compelled to keep his store open against his will. The man who wants to stop work on Sunday or who wants to dose his store and insists that there shall be a law compelling everybody else to stop work and to close up, is the man who is utterly selfish, and it is the repeal of such a law that' is needed to protect rights. No man has a right to insist that other people shall do what he does so long as he is legally at liberty to do as he chooses, and therefore he is not re-specting the rights of others when he de-mands a law compelling them to do as he does. And, finally, Sunday enforcement is not Sabbath enforcement. The pas- sages cited by Mr. Cady have no refer-ence to the first day of the week at all. They contain no warrant for Sunday ob-servance, much less for Sunday enforce-ment. According to some of the smaller gro-cers on the East Side, New York, there exists among the police a policy with reference to the matter of permitting the sale of groceries on Sunday similar to that which obtained so long, and proba-bly does to some extent yet, with refer-ence to the sale of liquor on Sunday, al-though of course on a much smaller scale. Tt is said that some stores are allowed to 