THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 509 and older children in the air from bayonets. And every time this 0a:1-tossing tragedy was enacted the dead body-of a mother, father or both would be hard by. The Russians also drove women and chil-dren into the Peiho and Yellow rivers, where they were drowned. "`After shooting and murdering to their-  hearts' content -the Russians would pillage, loot and burn every house that caught their eyes. There was no attempt at concealing all of the remarkably barbarous conduct. I do not pretend to say how many women and children were butchered by the Russians. I never heard the number estimated, save that a great many had been bayoneted and some shot. " In view of what they had been guilty of in and around Tien-Tsin, none of us were surprised to hear of a murderous act by the Russians at Taku. It is generally accepted as true at Tien-Tsin that the Chi-nese commander of the Taku forts was murdered by the Russians when he was in the act of surren-dering his sword." Tien-Tsin Looted by Allies. " Prof. 0. D. Clifford of the Imperial University of Tien-Tsin, who was one of the last to leave the beseiged city, says: " Looting by the allied forces began as soon as they got the upper hand. The Russians led in this and went to extremes. They are naturaliy cruel, and eecting no mercy, they showed none. I was an-  eye-witness to eight cold-blooded murders by them, The victims were old and infirm Chinese. The Russians stole everything in sight, looting the houses in the settlement, as the Chinese would have done.' "The tales of Russian brutality are said to be confirmed by the Rev. Frank Haynes, a Methodist missionary." Heart-Sickening. Such recitals are heart-sickening. With the great British Empire crushing out the life of two republics in South Africa; with the United States troops hunting down and shooting Filipinos simply because, after being sold by Spain like so many cat-tle, they refuse to recognize their new owners; with the Russians practicing the most horrible barbari-ties in China, and the Eriperor William sending -forth his soldiers with instructions to give no quarter, it seems almost impossible to regard civili-zation as other than a failure. PRESIDENT KRUGER says that his men will con-tinue the war indefinitely. MAJOR-GENERAL BATES, commanding the Depart-ment of Southern Luzon, recently issued the follow-ing order: " Rumors having reached these headquarters that unjustifiably harsh measures have been employed in some instances to extort information from captured ladrones, officers of this command are reminded that general orders of the War Department provide ample and lawful methods for the treatment of prisoners, spies and other persons not entitled to the rights of recognized belligerents, and all departures from the provisions of said orders are strictly pro-hibited. While it is not believed that any officer of this command would, either openly or indirectly, sanction any unmerciful acts, and still less that he would deliberately order them, all persons in military service in this department are nevertheless warned that no end can be so desirable or important as to justify a departure from the recognized laws of war or a resort to any deliberate measures of cruelty." This appears to substantiate in a measure the re-ports of cruelty practiced by the soldiers, but not the complicity of the general officers. LIEUTENANT-COLONEL WAGNER, a German war ex-pert, writes to the National Zeitung of Berlin in a rather discouraging tone of the situation in China. He says that" the defenses of Peking are not to be despised. The city can not be taken by storm, and, if determined .resistance is offered, a small force, if able to enter, would be caught as a rat in a trap." Referring to the campaign of 186o, he remarks that at that time " the allies started out with 20,000 men. For the final attack upon Peking they had only 8,000 left." Colonel Wagner thinks that had the Chinese held out longer on that occasion, the allies would have been in a very bad way, and adds the warning: " To get out of Pekin may be more difficult than to get in." LAST Sunday Mansfield, Ohio, was again visited by two representatives of Doctor Dowie's work. The previous Sunday they were not allowed to leave the,. cars. This time, as the daily papers tell the story, " they secured a rig, driving over in time for an early breakfast. Then they wentto the house of one of the faithful, E. H. Leiby, to hold services. It was several hours before their advent was known. When Mayor Brown, Attorney J. P. Seward and three officers arrived at the Leiby residence they found a crowd of 200 persons, and the services in full 