EDITORIAL 85 decided " to take a hand in active poli-tics " and would " organize a citizens' party for the purpose of putting in the field a full borough ticket for the coming borough election." Sunday-enforcement is well calculated to whet the appetite of clergymen for participation in " active politics." Let Tkere be Consideration for the Rights of All IN the opinion of the Chicago News " the effort of the retail clerks of the State to secure the passage of a bill by the legislature closing stores on Sunday should have the support of all the cit-izens." The News says further: New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio and Ken-tucky have passed laws that protect clerks and employers alike in their necessary rest from labor one day in the week. Illinois should not hesitate to show itself as willing as the other commonwealths to recognize the physical need of every person to lay aside labor one day in seven. There is no need for open stores on Sunday. The same volume of trade would be done in six days that is now done in seven if all stores in any community were closed uniformly on the weekly day of rest. In this age of consideration for the worker the appeal of the retail clerks that they be rescued from continual wage slavery should meet with a ready response from the legislators. It is a far cry from recognizing " the physical need of every person to lay aside labor one day in seven " to compel-ling every person to lay aside labor, not only one day in seven, but on a certain specified day in every seven. There are other physical needs which every person has that are far more important than that of laying aside labor one day in seven, but no one is demanding, nor would think of demanding, that they be " recognized " by the State in the manner in which it is demanded that this alleged physical need of rest one day in seven shall be " recog-nized." How would it do for the State  to " recognize " the physical need of every person to eat good food, to take needful exercise, and to take sufficient and regular sleep, by prescribing for the people a dietary, a course of gymnastics or other exercise, and a schedule for re-tiring at night, and attempting to compel the people to follow out the prescription ? According to the principles which have been generally regarded as fundamental in American law such a thing even as the protection of " clerks and employers alike in their necessary rest from labor one day in the week " can hardly be made to include the forcing of any of them to rest, or to lay aside labor, who do not want to do so. As to whether or not there is need for open stores on Sunday, that is something that can probably best be determined by the conditions and needs of different localities, and no doubt in any locality different persons will hold different opinions. But as to whether or not a given store in any locality shall be open or closed on Sunday, there should be no difference of opinion anywhere that it is a matter regarding which the proprietor of the store has a better right to determine than any other person or persons. The News would have the clerks " res-cued from continual wage slavery." Why not have them " rescued " from " wage slavery " entirely ? This is what many are demanding louder and louder for all workers. Is the News willing to urge " a ready response from the legislators " to the demand that " wage slavery " be abol-ished entirely? If it is not, it should be slow to give its approval to, and to urge " a ready response from the legislators " to, a demand for such legislation as is now being demanded by the Illinois Re-tail Clerks' Association. We trust that this age will become far more than it is one " of consideration for the worker," but we are not desirous of 