504 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY exclusively to the Dominion parliament under the Act of Federation, both the seventh-day observers and the transpor-tation companies claimed that the legisla-tion was unconstitutional, and appealed cases for the determination of the ques-tion. Seeing that the question must come up for decision, the " Lord's Day " Alli-ance people got the attorney-general of the Province to forestall these appealed cases with a stated case, or rather with a number of questions respecting the leg-islation, for judicial determination. These questions were submitted to the Court of Appeal at Toronto by the lieutenant-gov-ernor of the Province, and according to the court record were as follows : I. Had the legislature of Ontario jurisdic-tion to enact chapter 246 of the Revised Stat-utes of Ontario, intituled " An Act to pre-vent the Profanation of the Lord's Day," and in particular sections I, 7 and 8 thereof ?* 2. (a) Had or has the legislature of On-tario power by the aforesaid act, or any other act of a similar character, to prohibit the doing or exercising of any worldly labor, business, or work on the Lord's Day within the Province upon and in connection with the operation of lines of steam or other ships, railways, canals, telegraphs, and other works and undertakings to which the exclusive leg-islative authority of the Parliament of Can-ada extends under the British North America Act, section 91, sub-section 29, and section 92, sub-section so (a), (b), (c) ? (b) Had or has the legislature of Ontario power to pro-hibit the doing or exercising of any worldly labor, business, or work, on the Lord's Day within the Province, when such prohibition would affect any matter to which the exclu-sive legislative authority of the Parliament of Canada extends under any other sub-section of said section 91, as, for example, sub-sections 5, so, and 13? 3. In section s of said statute, R.S.O., chap-ter 246, or the Consolidated Statutes of Upper Canada, chapter 104, as the case may be, do the words " other persons whatsoever " in-clude all classes of persons enumerated who may do any act prohibited by said section, or is the meaning of these words limited so as * These were the sections constituting or containing the amendments mentioned.  to apply only to persons ejusdem generis with the classes enumerated? 4. Subject to the exceptions therein ex-pressed, does said section i prohibit individuals who, for or on behalf of corporations, do the labor and work, or exercise the business of carrying passengers for hire, from doing such labor and work and exercising such business on the Lord's Day, whether the corporation for or on behalf of which the work or labor is done are or are not within the prohibition of the said section? 5. Do the words "conveying travelers," as is used in said section i, apply exclusively to the carrying to or towards their destination of persons who are in the course of a journey at the commencement of the Lord's Day? 6. Does the said section i apply to and in-clude corporations? 7. (a) Do the words " work of necessity," as used in said section i, apply so as to include the doing of that which is necessary for the care or preservation of property so as to pre-vent irreparable damage other than mere loss of time for the period during which the pro-hibition extends? (b) If so, is the necessity contemplated by the statute only that which arises from the exigency of particular and occasional circumstances, or may such neces-sity grow out of or be incident to a particular manufacture, trade, or calling? (c) If such necessity may grow out of or be incident to a particular manufacture, trade or calling, do the words " work of necessity " apply ex-clusively to the doing on the Lord's Day of that with which the particular manufacture, trade, or calling cannot succesfully be carried on during the remaining six days of the week? These questions were framed with special reference to the points arising out of the prosecution of the managers and employees of transportation companies, but of course the principal point was that raised by the seventh-day observersŠthat of the authority of the Province to enact Sunday legislation. In May, 190o, the Court of Appeal at Toronto listened for nearly a week to arguments on the points raised. The attorney-generil of the Prov-ince and attorneys for the " Lord's Day " Alliance consumed most of the time de-voted to the hearing, contending for the right of the Province to enact the legis- 