6 o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY his spite upon those against whom he may have a feeling of unkindness or bit-terness. And this is what actually hap-pened in this case. One of the members of the association, who had been employed in the publishing house mentioned, suddenly professed to have attained to that state of immediate and entire sanctification in which it was no longer necessary for him to "keep the law of God," and, naturally enough, one of the first fruits which appeared in the self-righteous life of this man was an at-tempt to compel his former brethren to be like unto himself. In doing this he resorted to regular medieval methods, appearing before the police and entering formal complaint for Sunday labor against his recently forsaken friends. This took place last October. Thereupon the authorities took the matter in hand, and, we are glad to say it to their credit, they showed a very courteous and considerate spirit in every-thing they did with reference to the case. But there stood the law of the German Empire, plainly written, and as the pub-lishing house had been accused, nothing was left but to order an investigation, and, finally, to impose a fine. The case was appealed by the president and man-ager of the house in the following words, freely translated : Ground of the protest of the president and manager against the punishment assigned us by the honorable authorities of Hamburg, on March 7, for the employment of workers more than five hours on Sundays and feast-days : We would first like to remark that we enter no complaint because we deem the fine too high, for it is very small, indeed, but we pro-test against any fine whatever in such cases. As is known to the honorable authorities, the Seventh-day Adventists have a publishing house in Hamburg, under the name of the "International Tract Society," in whose behalf we intercede. As is further known to you, every person connected with said house, the undersigned  included, belongs to the Seventh-day Adventist denomination, the members of which rest upon the seventh day of the week, as the Bible en-joins, differing in this from other Christians, who believe they should refrain from labor on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday; but to us Sunday is a working day. In conformity herewith we have allowed our employees to follow their usual avocation on Sunday, so far as they desired, provided only that they did not disturb their neighbors. Although this method of procedure might be regarded as a transgression of the letter of the law, yet to us it seems in perfect accord with the purpose of its framers; for, as God did not make man for the day of rest, but the day of rest for man, that is, for his benefit, the laudable intent of the law is the good of the people, especially the bread-winners, who may thus be given a day of rest for mental improvement and the upbuilding of the relig-ious nature. But these provisions may work hardship to the laborerŠjust the opposite of that intended by their framersŠif his conscientious convic-tions are not in harmony with the belief of the majority, for his employer may be compelled to require him after he has conscientiously rested on the day commanded by God Him-self, to be at the disadvantage of resting still another day, and thereby losing the earnings which he needs for the sustenance of himself and family. Our house, as well as all the em-ployees connected therewith, after having con-scientiously refrained from labor for from twenty-four to thirty-six hours, has then ful-filled the real intent .of the law, and any further rest is a direct injury to them, and makes of no effect the beneficent purpose of the law. Having seen the truthfulness of this, other governments in which strict Sunday laws are enforced have favored our churches and in-stitutions, as in the United States, Great Britain, Scandinavia, etc. We would, therefore, humbly petition the honorable authorities of Hamburg to grant, in cases such as ours, where the employees religiously observe another day of the week, that more than five hours may be devoted to labor on Sunday. In closing, allow us to observe that in some other branches of industry, as, for example, in bakeries, meat shops, fish markets, and among fruit and vegetable venders, the employment of laborers more than five hours on Sunday has been allowed, although a rest time of 