28 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY who say the Lord's day is lost and there is no use in trying to save it. The only way to con-quer is to awaken the churches to the needs of humanity. They must realize that they can-not grow in Christ unless they give God a place on that day. The Sabbath is God's opportunity to come into the soul and tune it up in concord with Himself. There is no other way in which we can save the church or the nation. It is only through united, organized work that we can secure the observance of the Sabbath. If we lose the Sabbath, all is gone. A brief discussion preceded the adop-tion of this report. Rev. J. I. Seder, of Milwaukee, a minister of the Evangelical Association Church, said among other things : We need to scatter more of our literature. As was stated, in one city the election of a mayor was affected by this literature. The literature should be scattered in the German language. We need the co-operation of the Catholics, and those who speak the different languages. In this work of preserving the Christian Sabbath we want to rise above every-thing and keep in view that we are aiming to carry out the work of the one Lord and Mas-ter. We should do more in the future than we have done in the past. I think we will find that if the Sabbath day is broken down we will not have any more that influence for the sav-ing of souls that we will have if the Sabbath day is preserved in its purity. This brought from Secretary Davidson the declaration that "the Germans of Milwaukee have given twice as much to our work as have the Americans of Mil-waukee." Dr. Colman, of Milwaukee, said he was greatly pleased with the re-port, and that "the Sunday Rest Day As-sociation is accomplishing a great and good work in securing the observance of the Sabbath day." Rev. Cutler said that "most of my members work for the Chi-cago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway, and I wish it could be influenced to let its employees worship God on the Sab-bath day." Rev. Lamb, of Madison, said among other things : One Sabbath when I came home from church I found a company of men at work laying un-derground wires in front of my house. I told  the head man that I was sorry to see the work going on on that day, but did not threaten him at all. After awhile I went out again and the crew had left. So you see the influence we may have in this way. The law [Sunday law?] of Wisconsin is the law of Christ. It is just the same as they had in the days of Christ when the disciples went through the wheat fields on the Sabbath. Following the adoption of the report of the executive committee Dr. Kneeland, of Boston, gave his first address. It was entitled "The Storm Center of Modern Reforms," and was in part as follows : We are here for the defending of the dear Sabbath. There is one great battle to be fought, and the Christian Sabbath lies at the center of it. The battle of the ages lies around the Christian Sabbath. I say without fear that there is no question to-day which should re-ceive more careful and prayerful thought. It seems at present that there is a great tendency to swing from this thing. We find a great deal of indifference. We shall this afternoon take an inventory of the stock to see what we have on hand. If God shows that we are on the wrong side, let us get onto the right side. Among the first of the enemies of the Chris-tian Sabbath are the Saturday Sabbath-keepers, who have allied themselves with atheists, in-fidels, anarchists, and the lawless. Some of these have been heard to say, Away with Sun-day, it is a curse ! No doubt many of these are conscientious men and women, but they do everything to bring contempt upon the day. They bring bills into the legislature in New England, and they are doing more to injure the cause of the Sabbath than any other class of people that can be named. I will mention another class of enemies. These are the indifferent ones of society. These people chill everything. We get little or no help from them, but we receive a direct injury because of their silent, indifferent atti-tude. The third class we may call greedy worldlings. These people want to make money out of Sunday, and it seems that some of them delight to have it known. Sometimes they are at the head of large corporations, and some-times they are humble workers, who fancy they can make one, two, three or five dollars extra, and so they do seven days' work in the week. This is the commercial spirit that has seized upon us. The motorman who ran over the President the other day said that he had the 