722  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The Bangor (Me.) Daily News, of August 4, reported "troublesome times" at Northport, due to .the opposition of the Northport Methodist Camp Ground Association to Sunday excursions, par-ticularly to the landing of passengers on Sunday at the wharf which extends from the property of the association. On August 3 a steamer drew near the wharf desiring to land a few passengers, some of whom desired to attend the services on the camp ground. The superinten-dent of the grounds appeared on the wharf and ordered the captain not to tie up at the wharf. Just as preparations were being made for taking the passen-gers off in boats, the captain of another boat that was tied up at the wharf came down from shore to go on board. Find-ing the wharf gate locked, he ordered it opened, and on being positively refused by the superintendent, who was standing guard at the gate, he obtained an ax and broke it open. At this a crowd that had been watching the proceedings rushed_ upon the wharf and called to the captain who had been refused a landing to come alongside, which he did at once. It is said that the affair constituted the one subject of discussion on the grounds the remainder of the day, the question being uppermost as to what step the trustees would take next. It was given out that they would "ascertain exactly what their rights are and protect them." It seems that by a special law enacted in 1891 the association is permitted to close its wharf to boats on Sundays. But lawyers who have expressed an opinion regard the law as scarcely valid, inasmuch as it contra-venes the uniform decision of the courts that in such cases a wharf, although ex-tending from private property, becomes to all effects and purposes a public wharf, and that there can be no discrim-ination as to who shall land at it so long as there is room and reasonable wharf- age is paid. Later the gate on the wharf was repaired, and the declaration has gone forth that "it would take a bat-tering ram to break through now." The injunction seems to be coming in-to use now as a method of Sunday en-forcement. On August 16 the ministers of Muscatine, Iowa, secured an injunc-tion, which was to the intent that "no racing whatever take place on the Sab-bath day." The injunction was served on certain members of the Elk's lodge, who it was thought were intending to have a horse race in the city on the fol- lowing day. The race did not come off. Another injunction was issued at Lu-verne, Minn., on August 9, by Judge P. E. Brown of the 13th judicial district Abraham Jaycox, plaintiff, vs. Daniel Brown-ell, C. A. Reynolds and John Huntington. State of Minnesota to the above named defend-ants, their agents, servants and employees: Whereas, the plaintiff, Abraham Jaycox, has filed his petition in the district court of Rock County, petitioning among other things that you be restrained and enjoined from in any manner, directly or indirectly, engaging or assisting, conducting or managing any public game of ball on Sunday, August to, 1902, or upon any other Sabbath day, upon the sw% of the nw% of section 12, township 105, range 45 west, in said county, and from advertising any such game, or inviting the public to at-tend or assemble on any Sunday at said place to witness such game, and for other relief; and Whereas, the said injunction has been or-dered and allowed by the Honorable P. E. Brown, judge of. said district court, on the filing of the bond duly approved, which has been done; Now, therefore, you and each of you, the said Daniel Brownell, C. A. Reynolds and John Huntington, their agents, servants and employes, are hereby commanded and enjoined, until the further order of the court, from in any manner, directly or indirectly, engaging in or assisting, conducting or managing any public game of ball on Sunday, August 1o, 1902, or upon any other Sabbath day, upon the 