23o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Church " in the Philippines (which cam-paign in large part was directed against the conduct of educational affairs in the islands because of the application of the principle of separation of church and state in those affairs) that was waged by papal organs and representatives in the United States last year. With the thought that perhaps our " prejudice " was getting the better of us, we dismissed the idea that this campaign was proving effective with those in authority. But we need not have done so, as later developments have shown. Something in substantiation of this will be presented next 'week. Ł California is about the only State which does not attempt to compel the ob-servance of the first day of the week, and the honor is all the greater from the fact that this is not because it has never gotten around to enact a Sunday law, but because it repealed twenty years ago the law that it once had. But it is evident that Cali-fornia is not to be allowed to have this honorable distinction long During the present winter petitions for the enact-ment of a Sunday law have come to the legislature, one of them declaring that the petitionersŠ in view of the innumerable immoral and social evils, resulting from the present degradition of Sunday into a day of idleness and dissipa-tion, do earnestly and respectfully petition your honorable body to enact a Sunday law, that will give to all classes of men a weekly day of rest, by prohibiting with adequate penalties all unnecessary labor and business, seventh-day worshipers excepted, and all bar-barous, unseemly or noisy amusements to be prohibited. How the " degradation of Sunday into a day of idleness " is to be stopped or remedied by a law prohibiting labor and business on that day was not ex-plained. In a communication to her co-workers a leading official of the W. C. T. U. has stated that no further at-tempts will be made for the passage of a Sunday law at the present session of the  legislature, but that " some broad, gen-eral, definite legislation " will " be ready for presentation to the legislature two years hence," and that in the meantime it is proposed to make " a thorough State canvass " in the interests of the measure. Ł In connection with the matter of per-mitting the opening of saloons on Sun-day in New York the Christian Advocate presents a quotation from a speech delivered by Bishop Potter several years ago, we believe in 1896, " at the great mass-meeting in Carnegie Hall, to pro-test against open saloons on Sunday, when he presided and Father Doyle, the Hon. Frederic R. Coudert and others spoke." Here are some of the things that the Bishop said, with emphasis by us: The Sabbath is the day of rest. Our legisla-tion concerns THE OBSERVANCE of this day of rest, which is so essential to the physical well-being of man and the safety of society. Then why not speak of the guardianship of this day and the relation of saloons to that guardianship, and the maintenance of RELGIOUS OBSERVANCE? The saloons should be closed on the Lord's day in this great Christian State. so that on that day there may be an opportunity for ITS OBSERVANCE. Then the Bishop expressed " profound gratitude to that courageous and efficient officer [no doubt referring to the then Police Commissioner Roosevelt] who has insisted upon the enforcement of law," and " who has put down the in-solent clamor that said we wanted no CHRISTIAN SUNDAY," SO " that on the Sabbath the door of the saloon was shut and the door of the House of the Lord was open." Bishop Potter has since changed his attitude regarding the Sun-day opening of saloons, but the secret of the activity of those who uphold Sunday legislation, so plainly revealed and avowed by him in these words which the Christian Advocate quotes to-clay with so much approval, remains exactly the same. 