EDITORIAL. 43 very same logic which causes her in this age to hold that a man like Alexander VI. was the representative of God on earth, is the same logic which leads her to the belief that she must persecute dis-senters wherever possible. Both these things are thoroughly papal, but they are not Christian. Christianity does not exalt authority above virtue and truth, and it recognizes no other credentials for authority. "The fourth commandment is as uni-versal as the first," says the "Sabbath" Defender, of Boston, which holds to the "one day in seven," or "one-seventh of time" doctrine. We wonder how long it will be before the first commandment will be interpreted to mean that we may have any god that we choose so long as we choose only one among the many and render to it supreme reverence and obe-dience ? Taxation of Church Property in New York. In its issue of October 31 the Chris-tian Advocate addressed this double-leaded editorial "to every minister and member of a Christian church in the State of New York": "At the pending election an attempt is made and quietly promoted to amend the constitution so as to take away from the legislature the right to make specific exemptions from taxation, a power left by the framers of the constitution with the lawmaking branch of the govern-ment. "It proposes to take away from the legislature the power to grant 'to any person, association, firm, or corporation an exemption from taxation on real or personal property.' "Do you see what that means ? It means to tax every church, every edu-cational institution, and every strictly benevolent institution, its real estate and endowments. Those who promoted it did not think it wise or safe to insert 'church,' or 'hospital,' or 'orphan asy-lum,' or 'school.' But it is all there. The legislature would not venture to tax these institutions so essential to the morality of the State and- the welfare of its dependent people; but if this passes it cannot exempt them. "Let every Christian, Catholic or Protestant, vote against this amend-ment, and every Hebrew likewise. "Pastors should apprise their con-gregations from the pulpit what this amendment does or may mean." The issue here raised is plainly that of whether or not there shall be a union of religion and the state in the State of New York in the matter of taxation. This plea for the church does not appear to be very wrong, yet in principle there is no more reason why it should be heeded than should the plea that the State build and maintain all the churches and religious institutions in the State. The churches are no doubt "essential to the morality of the State and the wel-fare of" the people, but that is scarcely a sufficient reason for exempting them from taxation. The gospel is essential to this very thing, but no one would think of urging that the State employ ministers to go out and preach the gospel to the people. All hospitals, orphan asylums and schools that are public institutions and that are not de-signed for the advancement of religious ends, should and no doubt will receive support from the State. An eminent physician says that "all 