EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 373 The italics in the above, as in the quota-tions which follow, are supplied by us. And so, according to this secular cham-pion of Sunday legislation, what is the consideration that should cause the Sun-day law against liquor selling to be main-tained intact? Is it the maintenance of the public peace and order? Is it the pro-tection and safeguarding of the rights of citizens? No; the Sunday law against liquor selling should be maintained intact because " our so-called American Sunday is an institution . . . which we ought to jealously guard from attack " Šbecause there should be no weakening of the " safeguards which the laws of the Em-pire State throw around the Day of Rest." The consideration is the safeguarding by law of an institutionŠ" our so-called American Sunday." And thus, according to this secular champion of Sunday legis-lation, the Sunday liquor law exists and is upheld by it and others in the interests of (that is, for the maintenance and en-forcement of) "-the observance" of Sun-day " as a period of rest AND RELIGIOUS WORSHIP." And this is what we get by way of argument for Sunday legislation from a secular journal when it lays aside (but, of course, does " not undervalue") " all the purely religious aspects of the question" ! Verily, there is but one way to lay aside the religious aspects of the Sunday question, and that is to lay aside the question itself. The Sunday question is too thoroughly religious for any one who touches it to evade its religious as-pects. " The Day of Rest," " our so-called American Sunday," is a religious institution, and the defenders of legisla-tion safeguarding and upholding that in-stitution cannot avoid revealing the fact in their arguments, no matter how hard they may try to leave out the religious aspects of the question. In its issue of March 26 the Weekly published the fol-lowing, under the heading, " Churches Should Uphold Sunday Laws." : Friends of Sunday observance need to keep a watchful eye upon the legislature at Albany this session. One bill has already been intro-duced amending the penal code so as to permit the playing of amateur baseball on Sunday, and District Attorney Jerome will try to secure the passage of his bill providing for the opening of the saloons of New York on Sundays dur-ing certain hours. Neither of these measures ought to pass, nor do we believe they will if a sufficiently strong protest is made against them. Here is where the churches of the Em-pire State can combine their forces to some immediate and practical advantage by making their collective influence felt at Albany in be-half of 'a quiet and orderly Sunday. Accord-ing to the statistics set forth by Dr. Walter Laidlaw, of the Federation of Churches in New York City, the year just past was unparalleled in the religious history of the metropolis, more having been expended for church extension than ever before in one year, the sum total be-ing not less than twenty millions. If so, what better opportunity could the churches thus splendidly equipped with the sinews of war have to show their renewed vitality and aggressive power for good than in a united stand against a further breaking down of the Sunday laws. If it is not the duty of the churches to safe-guard an interest like this, then we may well ask what reason they have for being? And why should the churches especially uphold the Sunday laws? Why have the.  churches such an especial duty to " stand against a further breaking down of the Sunday laws "? Ah ! Sunday observ-ance is a church institution ; Sunday legis-lation is legislation for the church. The churches are the organized forces of re-ligion, and the Sunday laws are religious lawsŠlaws for the " safeguarding "Šthe enforcementŠof a religious observ-ance. This is why this secular champion of Sunday legislation addresses itself to the churches on behalf of these laws, and makes bold to intimate that they have no reason for being if not " to safeguard an interest like this." And for this very rea-son such prompting of the churches is unnecessary. They do not need to be urged from " secular ". sources " to keep a watchful eye " upon legislatures with regard to this matter, nor do they need to 