THE DECLARATIONÑAS IT 'WAS REGARDED  487 binding upon nations as well as indi-viduals, upon sovereigns as well as upon subjects. . . . In assuming the at-tributes of sovereign power, the colonists  appealed to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of their inten-tions, and neither claimed nor conferred authority to do anything but for right. George Bancroft, in his "History of the United States from the Discovery of the American Continent to the Declaration of Independence" This immortal state paper [the Dec-laration of Independence], which for its composer was the aurora of enduring fame, was "thee genuine effusion of the soul of the country at. that time," the revelation of its mind, when in its youth, its enthusiasm, its sublime confronting of danger, it rose to the highest creative powers of which man is capable.. The bill of rights which it promulgates, is of rights that are older than human institu-tions, and spring from the eternal justice that is anterior to the state. Two politi-cal theories divided the world : one founded the commonwealth on the reason of state, the policy of expediency ; the other on the immutable principles of morals : the new Republic, as it took its place among the powers of the world, proclaimed its faith in the truth and real-ity and unchangeableness of freedom,  virtue, and right. The heart of Jefferson, in writing the Declaration, and of Con- ¥ gress in adopting it, beat for all human-ity; the assertion of right was made for the entire world of mankind and all com-ing generations, without any exception whatever; for the proposition which ad-mits of exceptions can never be self-evi-dent. As it was put forth in the name of the ascendant people of that time, it was sure to make the circuit of the world, passing everywhere through the despotic countries of Europe; and the astonished nations, as they read that all men are created equal, started out of their lethar-gy, like those who have been exiles from childhood, when they suddenly hear the dimly-remembered accents of their moth-er tongue. . . . America chose for her own that system of politics which recognizes the rule of eternal justice. Charles Sumner, in speeches at Worcester, Mass., August 29, r86o, and at Cambridge, Mass., October 29, 1868 The words that governments derive their just powers from'the 'consent of the governed are sacred words, full of li fe-giving energy. Not simply national in-dependence was here proclaimed, but also the primal rights of mankind. Then and there appeared the angel of human lib-eration, speaking and acting at once with heaven-born strength, breaking bolts, un-loosing bonds, and opening prison doors ; always ranging on its mighty errand, wherever there are any, no matter of what country or race, who struggle for rights denied ; now cheering Garibaldi at  Naples, as it had cheered Washington in the snows of Valley Forge, and especial-ly visiting all who are downtrodden, whispering that there is none so poor a.5 to be without rights which every man is bound to respect, none so degraded as to be beneath its beneficent reach, none so lofty as to be above its restraining power; while before it despotism and oligarchy fall on their faces, like the image of Da-gon, and the people everywhere begin to govern themselves. These words in the Declaration of In-dependence were not uttered in vain. Do 