Or offallariliJR7 L1133 Z2TY VOL. XVII I NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JANUARY 29, 1903 No. 5     True reform starts in the heart and conscience. Ł True loyalty to one's self is the highest loyalty to the state. Moral, spiritual Łchanges cannot be wrought by political means. Ł Despotism is the inevitable sequence of widespread failure of individual self-government. The supremacy of the state means nothing worthy if it does not mean the supremacy of human rights. Ł It is just as impossible to legislate good deeds out of bad men, as to legis-late good fruit out of a bad tree. O " Of all forms of government, the sta-bility of the republican depends most upon the integrity of the individual." dŁ Civil law is not for the purpose of en-forcing rights, but for the purpose of protecting them. If a right could be en-forced, it would cease to be a right. Ł The whole principle underlying relig-ious persecution is contained in the as-sumption that religious observances ought to be " protected " and enforced by the civil law. Whatever promotes individual integrity is in the interests of free government ; and whatever undermines individual in-ttgrity is a menace to free government. Ł If the minority of people who observe the seventh clay do not need to be " pro-tected " in their Sabbath observance, why is it necessary to " protect" the major-ity who observe the first day? Ł Duty, not Rights, the Place and Basis for Compulsion We are told by those who advocate Sunday legislation that "laws forbidding labor on the Sabbath are based upon the right of every man to enjoy a day of rest." This is strange reasoning to apply to the doctrine of human rights. Every man has a right to get married; must we therefore have a law compelling all men to marry? Every man has a right to acquire property ; is it therefore necessary that the acquisition of property should be made compulsory? Because some one else has the right to do a thing, must I be forced to do the same thing in order that he may enjoy ' his right? If so, then individual rights are not equal; for my choice in the matter is made to give place to that of another. But individual rights are equal. What 