282 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. uel to tell them just what was involved in their demand. And Samuel said : "This will be the manner of the king that shall rule over you : He will take your sons, and appoint them for himself, for his chariots, and to be his horsemen ; and they shall run before his chariots ; and he will appoint him captains over thousands, and cap-tains over fifties ; and will set them to ear (or plant) his ground, and to reap his harvest, and to make his in-struments of war, and the instruments of his chariots. . . . And ye shall cry out in that day because of your king which you have chosen ; and the Lord will not hear you in that day." I Sam. 8 :11-18. These words are just as true to-day of the policy of imperialism as they were of Israel's king. It will not only take fields and vineyards by means of taxation for the building and equipping of navies and the main-tenance of armies, but it will take our sons, as it has already taken thousands of young men, not only to be servants, but to learn the art of warŠto kill and to be killed upon the field of battle. It is just as true now that this government cannot endure partly republican and partly imperialistic as it was true in 186o that it could "not long endure half slave and half free." Imperialism cannot be confined to those outlying islands that have come to us as spoils of war. The policy pursued toward them is sure to re-act with disastrous results upon our most cherished rights. Indeed the policy pursued thus far toward Porto Rico and the Philippines, and which bids fair to be adopted as a settled policy by the nation, is the true measure of the decadence of that loyalty to principle which characterized the early days of the Republic. The degree of liberty preserved among us as a people seems to be due more to the native conservatism of mankind than to adherence to principle for its own sake. It is to be feared that we have reached the time foretold by Thomas Jefferson in his "Notes on Vir-ginia" : "The spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. . . .It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be for-gotten, therefore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of mak-ing money, and will never think of uniting to effect due respect to their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in con-vulsion." Probably nothing that can be said or done will stay in any degree the rising tide of imperialism. But one thing can be done : the individual can preserve alive in his own heart and in his life the great principle of gov- ernment by consent of the governed. This is the prin-ciple of God's government. Satan governs by fraud and force ; God governs by truth and love. To which principle shall we be loyal ? B. War Anti-christian. The nations of this world must of necessity main-tain themselves by force. But Christianity stands absolutely apart from all racial and national quarrels. "The Fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man," is more than a passing sentiment with Chris-tians. It is a fundamental principle. The Christian may have enemies ; those who would do him harm, but he is the enemy of no man. He fights, but not with sword, Mauser, or Gatling gun. The weapons of his "warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds." Christian experience is simply living the life of Christ, as says the Apostle Paul: "I am crucified with Christ ; nevertheless, I live. Yet not I, but Christ liveth in me ; and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me and gave Himself for me." Gal. 2:20. The Apostle was describing not alone his own ex-perience, but Christian experienceŠthe experience of every child of God. It is simply impossible to imagine Christ Himself shooting His brethren. It is just as impossible to believe that He does the same thing in the person of His saints. The killing of human beings is anti -christian. We are not saying that everybody who ever did such a thing proved thereby that they were not Chris-tians. But we do believe that in the clearer light of this day men should see that killing is murder, whether done in battle or under other circumstances. The early Christians did not engage in war. They would die rather than kill a fellow-being. It was not until apostacy had honeycombed the church that Chris-tians were to be found bearing arms and engaging in carnal warfare. The leaders in the Church who have taught that it is right to kill men in battle have an awful account to meet in the day of judgment. B. Christianity is far more than an ethical system ; it is divine power in the life of the individual. This power is given by the Lord himself in response to the faith of the individual who receives it. Nothing short of this is Christianity, and only those who have this experience are Christians. Since this, and this only is Christianity, and since nothing short of this divine life in the soul constitutes anyone a Christian, it is manifest that only the power of God received by faith can make Christians. 