Local Option and Sunday Enforcement By the Editor W1TH the question of local option in its ordinary relation to the liquor traffic we do not deal here, nor is it one with which THE SENTINEL is espe-cially concerned. But the question of local option as related to Sunday en-forcement, which is prominent just now in this city and State, is something in which we are concerned and interested. It is true that the problem of the liquor traffic figures largely in this matter just now, but it is equally true that it is sub-ordinate to the question of Sunday en-forcement. The agitation with regard to local option now raging has to do with local option in the regulation of the liquor traffic on Sunday. And it has to do with the liquor traffic on Sunday be-cause of the religious character of that day. Those who are now denouncing with all the vigor they possess the prop-osition of local option for New York are ncl opposed to local option with regard to the liquor traffic, but to local option in the matter of Sunday observance. Here are the words of the Christian Advocate, which is easily the most able champion of the cause of Sunday enforcement in this matter, on the local option proposi-tion as made by Dr. Lyman Abbott: This is a strange proposition with regard to the Sunday question, whatever it might be with regard to the existence of saloons. The two are wholly unlike. Without a restriction in the law, liquor could be sold exactly like cheese or vegetables; but Sunday observance is a different question, belonging to the State. (Italics supplied.) Scores of other quotations might be given to the same effect. but this is suf-ficient to confirm what we have stated. The question now raised by the proposi- tion for local option in New York is whether the State shall control the mat-ter of Sunday observance, or whether it shall be controlled by cities, boroughs, or wards. It is true that the question is raised in connection with the liquor traf-fic, but nevertheless this is the question. The attitude of one side in this debate is that it is not a matter to be decided by one locality for another locality, nor for the legislature to decide for all the local-ities of the State, but for "the people to decide for themselves" by local option. Something is said of "personal liberty," the "right of the individual to decide for himself what is right," and "the right to be governed by the dictates of individual conscience;" but it is not proposed by those who employ such language to do anything more than have the question de-cided by the smaller political units. It is still to remain a matter for civic action to be decided by ballots and legislation. The attitude of the other side is that, while local option with regard to the liquor traffic itself might be all right and unobjectionable, the proposition for local option in a matter affecting Sunday observance is nothing less than sacri-legious, and in practise would be utterly demoralizing. On this point we quote again from the Christian Advocate: The effect of submitting the question of open saloons on Sunday to a vote of the city of New York, either as a whole or by bor-oughs, would be morally disastrous. The aver-age man who voted for open saloons could not be expected to have any deep moral sense of regard for Sunday. The young men who would be dragooned, persuaded, or otherwise induced to vote for open saloons on Sunday would have their sense (if it already exists) 