768 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY much mistaken in their claim that the "American," "civil Sabbath" lies at the foundation of American institutions. Mob denial of the Łright to work is tem-porary and comes only at infrequent in-tervals here and there in the country ; legislative denial of the right to work is constant and comes as regularly as Sun-day throughout the length and breadth of nearly every American commonwealth. A country in which men are fined and imprisoned by the public authorities for engaging in "common labor" and "world-ly employments," and yet in which the military forces are called out to protect men in the right to work, must have a very serious flaw somewhere in its gov-ernmental machinery. If "no man has a right to say to any other man when or where he shall work," then no man has a right to say to any other man that he shall not work on Sun-day, and no citizen can delegate any au-thority whatever to legislators and offi-cials to pass and enforce any law prohib-iting any man from working on Sunday. If the matter of working or refraining from work "is a question which is in the domain of conscience, and involves the personal liberty of the individual," then Sunday legislation, without any refer-ence whatever to its religious character, invades the domain of conscience and violates the personal liberty of the indi-vidual. Persecution and governmental tyran-ny are great evils, but there is nothing that can equal them in teaching men what is the proper relation between church and state, what is the proper length and breadth of governmental power and au- thority, and what are the fundamental and inalienable rights of human beings. The long absence of persecution and gov-ernmental tyranny seems to mean also an absence of keen discernment in these oth-er matters. And so it is that people who have freedom are often blind to the first steps toward persecution and tyranny, and are insensible to their coming until it is too late to stay them. The right to work, like every other right, is limited by other rights and the rights of others. The right to work is not the only right there is, and the man who wants to work is not the only man who has rights that must be respected. So it is not to be understood that even the inalienable right to work carries with it any right to disregard the rights of oth-ers. If by working on Sunday a man in-terferes with the rights of others it is of course right that he should be stopped. And so it is that if a man in-vades the rights of others by working at other times he may justly be required to desist. When workingmen are obliged to go on a strike in order to secure their just rights and proper and decent condi-tions of life for their wives and children, it is not to be doubted that those who take their places and thus defeat their ef-fort for justice and make certain the con-tinuance of the old conditions, are not having a proper regard for the rights of others, however much they may prize their own. A man has a just claim to liberty and freedom of action only so long as he acts in harmony with the just rights of his fellows. And so a man has the right to work on Sunday only so long as he does not violate any right of oth-ers in so doing. But of course that work which is done in disregard of the arbi-trary and unjust demands of labor or-ganizations is no invasion of the rights of others; and that labor which, under 