462 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY enthusiasm and devotion to the cause." At the conclusion of the address " gen-erous contributions were received to be turned over to the law and order league for the purpose of purchasing literature bearing on the Sunday-law question, which will be distributed gratis through-out the city." In the evening the " dis-tinguished visitor " spoke " at Rev. John E. Green's Tabernacle Church in the North End." " The meetings will un-doubtedly result in a revival of the en-thusiasm so prevalent in Beaumont a few weeks ago regarding the matter of Sun-day closing." Ł On the afternoon of June 7 two ball teams began a game on " a big unen-closed tract of ground at the corner of Cleveland St. and Pitkin Ave., Brooklyn. Although the grounds were open to the public a charge of fifteen cents each was made for seats in a grand stand located on the grounds. Two detectives, " acting under orders from Captain Haskins, who had been told by the Deputy Commis-sioner to stop Sunday ball playing," ap-peared, and after paying for .a seat ar- rested three of the players and the man who was taking the money for the seats " on a charge of violating the Sunday law." The men were tried on June II before Magistrate Furlong. Rev. War-ren H. Wilson, pastor of the Arlington Avenue Presbyterian Church, who has been prosecuting a crusade against Sun-day ball playing, was on hand. After arguing the case the attorney for the accused moved their discharge " on the ground that there had been no evidence to show that they had broken any law." Zile magistrate granted the motion, and said that, according to the decisions of the higher courts, it is absolutely necessary that the playing, to be a violation of the statute, should seriously disturb the repose of the people of the neighborhood. Ł Some weeks ago the journeyman bar- bers' union in Davenport, Iowa,. voted to inaugurate strict Sunday closing of bar-ber shops, beginning July 12. After a long and turbulent session the decision was reaffirmed on June 29 by a vote of twenty-eight to seven. This second deci-sion was the response of the journeymen to a proposition from the master barbers for " shorter hours during the week and on Saturday night on condition that the shops remain open for a few hours on Sunday mornings." The proposition " did not attempt to regulate hours, but simply asked for arbitration which might result in the carrying of its request." But the journeymen "absolutely refused to recede from their previous action or to arbitrate the matter with the proprietors of the shops." Although " a few of the boss barbers have threatened to keep open Sunday mornings in spite of the action of the union, it is thought that when the date for the movement to take effect arrives all will be found in line, and that the Sun-day closing of barber shops in Davenport will become universal." O On complaint of representatives of the retail clerks' association warrants were issued in Davenport, Iowa, on June 26 for the arrest of Joseph Fleishman and Charles Schake, two merchants " who have refused to abide by the Sunday-closing law." A' few days later " another information was issued " for Mr. Schake, " charging him with keeping his store open on Sunday and selling goods there-from." During the preceding week " warning was given these two merchants and four others, notifying them not to open on Sunday, or action would be brought in the courts to compel them to close." The other four merchants heeded the warning and closed. " The clerks claim that the other stores have threatened to open unless these stores are closed, and that they are fighting for their rights in bringing the suits." " Mr. Schake, 