SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  129 protection against such lawlessness," and that while he is loth to enlist the police power to enforce the law in this respect that this will be done if Sunday closing does not become the order at once. In conclusion the mayor quotes Section 229 of the Penal Code of Minnesota which prohibits, with some minor exceptions, "all manner of public selling, or offering for sale, of any property on Sunday." The Minneola (Minn.) Mascot thinks that this effort on the part of Mayor Mathews is very commendable and that "his example might be followed profit-ably by similar officials in other towns." Following several mass-meetings called and conducted by representatives of the "Lord's Day" Alliance, a large deputation of citizens, accompanied by the president, vice-president and secre-tary of the organization just named, re-cently waited upon Premier Ross at the Parliament Building in Toronto and pro-tested against the running of electric street-cars between Toronto and Scar-boro on Sundays. This line has been operating Sunday cars since September 1, and it is said that the churches of East Toronto and Scarboro "have several times objected to their operation." The premier and the attorney-general, Col. Gibson, listened at length to the protests, in which it was stated that "the people of Scarboro wanted the narrow -instead of the broader idea of the Sabbath," and that it was desired "that a moral boulder should be placed in the way to restrain these companies from breaking the law and the Sabbath." The premier declared that he agreed with the deputation "re-garding the observance of the latvs of the Sabbath," but as "the whole question of the Lord's Day Act was before the court that the government could not take the initiative in the matter." "He ad- vised the deputation to either set the wheels of law in motion themselves or wait until the Court of Appeals had ren-dered its decision on the Lord's Day Act." A man who signs himself "Blue-beard" writes to the Buffalo Times in this vigorous fashion regarding the law which prohibits barber shops from keep-ing open on Sunday: "It might just as well be a crime for one man to wash an-other as for one man to shave another. There are hundreds of men who cannot shave themselves, and they have to rely upon a barber for that necessary opera-tion. As far as Sunday observance is concerned, why should it be any more criminal to shave a man than to sell him a cigar, or a glass of soda water, or a railroad ticket, or perform any one of a hundred duties which are allowable, yet not nearly so necessary as a shave or haircut? Saturday, as a rule, is the busiest day of the week; Sunday is the least busy; there are plenty of men who cannot get shaved on Saturday, and who, if unshaven from Friday until Monday, look like the old scratch. I hold that the law prohibiting barber shops from doing business during a portion of Sun-day should be abolished, because it is not founded upon common sense or equity." The city of New Ulm, Minn., has re-cently experienced a Sunday closing agi-tation that has occasioned considerable discussion in the newspapers published in that vicinity. It seems that it has long been the customs of stores, or some of them at least, to keep open in that city on Sunday, but recently the clerks of the city, and certain merchants who desired Sunday closing, determined to enforce universal Sunday closing. The project, 