408 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY sociation." An address delivered by Dr. T. P. Stevenson, a leader of this move-ment, at a " National Reform " Con-vention in New York in December, 1899, has just been published in the Christian Statesman. In it he said : We hold this truthŠthe kingship of Christ over the nationsŠin no mystical or extravagant sense. We are not dreaming of a visible king-dom to be set up on the earth in some future dispensation.... We simply mean that the re-vealed will of Jesus Christ [the Bible, as in-terpreted by those who assume to speak for Christ] is law for nations and governments as well as for individual men.... We mean that nations and governments ought also to have regard for His will; that governmental acts and national policies are to be judged by the spirit and teachings of Christ; that Queen Victoria and Emperor William, the British Parliament and the American Congress, ought to look to Him who was crucified and say: " Lord, what wouldst Thou have us to do? "... The purpose of the followers of Christ [the " National Reformers ") is simply this, that when they have become numerous enough, and have attained a sufficiently clear and unani-mous understanding of Christ's will in the matter, they will govern this country in ac-cordance with their convictions. Of course they will, just as the servants of Satan govern it so largely to-day.... In all this there is nothing to exite alarm, except among godless politicians whose occupation will be gone, and criminals who hate good government and right-eous laws. Of course all who do not fall into line with this theocratic scheme when it is established will be classed by those who " have attained a sufficiently Ł clear and unanimous understanding of Christ's will," and who assume to exercise it for him, as " criminals who hate good gov-ernment and righteous laws." And under that scheme of things that will be very logical. An editorial in the June Christian Statesman begins thus : It is proposed that the Constitution of the United States be so amended as to acknowl-edge Almighty God as the source of all au-thority in civil government; the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler of nations, and His re-vealed will as the supreme standard to decide  moral issues in national life. It is further proposed that each State constitution be simi-larly amended. In this editorial it is declared that " there should be no conflict between the state and the Christian religion " ; that " the state should not legalize and pro-tect what brings religion into disrepute and debases the public conscience " ; and that " the Christianizing of the govern-ment will contribute incidentally to the success of the Church." All this of course means that the Christian religion, as held and practised by these people, shall become the supreme law of the na-tion and be enforced by the nation. It means that the rights of citizenship, of equal protection under the law, will be only for those who are " Christians " ; others will have to go elsewhere, or else suffer oppression. It means necessarily intolerance and persecution for all who do not subscribe to the " national Chris-tianity." The best example of the " Na-tional Reform " scheme of government in the world to-day is seen in Russia. There the scheme is still in operation. It may be said that the intolerance and oppression in Russia is due to ignorance and superstition. No doubt ; but when the day of ignorance and superstition is past the day of state religion, of " na-tional Christianity," will also be past. " National Reform " is an attempt to re-turn to conditions which were long since found to be incompatible with progress and enlightenment. Ł Two " National Reform " State con-ventions were held last month, one for Delaware, in Wilmington, May 11-12, and the other for Kansas, in Lawrence, May 20-22. Both these conventions were preceded by addresses and smaller meet-ings at different points. Two of these meetings in Delaware " were addressed by Judge Ashman of Philadelphia." Judge Ashman was about the only lay- 