224 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY largely trusted to take care of themselves, and allowed within the bounds of fair and just restriction to act according to their own choice and judgment. The state could interfere in the matter only because of the burdens entailed upon it by the liquor traffic; because crime and poverty were thereby greatly augmented. If it were true that the sale and consump-tion of liquor could be carried on without causing men to become disturbers of the peace and a menace to the rights of others, with the consequent burden of crime and pauperism entailed upon so-ciety, then the state would have no right to interfere with it, and it should be sub-ject to no restrictions but those common to ordinary traffic. Turning to what he called "the con-vention which we call our Sunday," Dr. Slicer asked : "What is this American Sunday, anyway ?" As an answer to this he read several of the first Sunday stat-utes enacted in America, as given in the Plymouth Colony Records for the period between 165o and i66o. The reading of such penalties as a fine of ten shillings. to "sit in the stocks four hours," or to "be publicly whipped," which were pre-scribed in these statutes for those who should "do any servile work on the Lord's day," or "neglect to come to the public worship of God," seemed to amuse the audience considerably. There are Sunday statutes still in existence in this country, which haye been revived and enforced in recent years, that have penal-ties attached to them that are by no means as ludicrous as were those inflict-ed in Plymouth Colony three centuries ago. To-day a man may not be "publicly whipped" for engaging in peaceful. hon-est labor on Sunday, but in some States he may be thrown into the chain-gang and kept there for Months as though he were a burglar or a murderer. The gov- ernment of Plymouth Colony did not go to this length. Dr. Slicer declared that these Plym-outh Colony statutes of the seventeenth century brought plainly to view what is now called the "American Sunday." He said that it had taken all this time to get over that kind of a Sunday, and that such a Sunday was not needed in these times. But, he said, this Sunday had not yet entirely passed away, for every driver of a vehicle on the speedway in this city on Sundays was a violator of a law still upon the statute books of the State. At this point the speaker showed that he was by no means opposed. to all Sun-day legislation. He had already stated that on this question of Sunday saloons he thought there should be a compro-mise between the church people and those who desired to drink on Sunday, so that the rights and liberty of both would be protected. With this in view he stated that he favored absolute closing on Sunday morning, the portion of the day principally devoted to religious services, and allowing opening in the afternoon and evening. As to Sunday itself, he thought it was an American in-stitution, but that it should he observed in an American manner. He thought that the sacredness of the day depended upon the use that was made of it. While men were not allowed to work, he did not think it was right that everything but the churches should be closed. He thought people had the right, and should have the privilege, of spending the day in the manner that seemed most restful and beneficial to themselves. He exclaimed that he believed with Socrates, that "a man should have the right to do a great wrong in order that he may do a great right." Although he named over a num-ber of things that people might do, in 