250 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Lord's day." It is said that the move-ment has been initiated by the better element of the saloon men, who, "to a great extent, are anxious to observe the Sabbath." One of the prime movers is reported thus in the Richmond Leader: We shall go to the Sunday Observance League and let that organization know that there are saloon-keepers in Richmond who are law-abiding and anxious to preserve the sanc-tity of the Sabbath. Moreover, we shall co-operate heartily with the League in securing the enforcement of the Sunday laws, and we will succeed ill doing so. Justice Crutchfield, I know, is with us, and I am pretty certain that Judge Witt is also. It is estimated that "sixty per cent. of all the whisky men of the city will stand back of the new reform scheme." Such developments as this are very significant. It will be learned in the course of time, by those who will observe, that Sunday enforcement and the liquor traffic are not antagonistic, but, on the contrary, can readily "work hand in hand," as it is stated will be the case in this instance. Peter Dahl and Eugene Elberg, bar-bers of Minneapolis, Minn., were ar-raigned in court on February 3 because, according to the Minneapolis Journal, they were "overzealous in the pursuit of their profession." Complaint was made against them by J. 0. Brian, "who an-nounced the fact that the gentlemen then and there did wilfully, unlawfully and wrongfully do and perform labor on said day, the same being the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, in that the said gentlemen did then and there wilfully, unlawfully and wrongfully keep open a barber shop for the purpose' of cutting hair and shaving beards in cer-tain buildings known as the Chamber of Commerce and 1013 Third Avenue NE respectively, and then and there did respectively shave the beards of one  Frank Carlin and of another man re-spectively, this being contrary to the statutes made and provided in such cases." Dahl pleaded guilty, and was fined $1o. Elberg denied his guilt, and his trial was postponed for one week. When tried the evidence showed that while people were being shaved the door to his shop was kept locked, and those who had secured evidence against him had to knock in order to secure entrance. Judge Holt held that this showed that the shop was "not open for business," and discharged Elberg. Ł On February 6 the city council of Winsboro, Texas, passed an ordinance entitled, "An act to prohibit the sale of goods, wares, and merchandise on Sun-day, and to prohibit the opening of any place of business where goods, wares, and merchandise are kept for sale." The first section reads as follows: Sec. i. Any merchant, grocer, or dealer in wares or merchandise or trader in any busi-ness whatsoever, or the proprietor of any place of public amusement or any agent, or an em-ployee or any such person, who shall sell or borrow, or permit his place of business or place of public amusement to be opened for the purpose of traffic or public amusement on Sundays in this city, shall be fined not less than $2o or not more than $50. In succeeding sections it is explained that a place of business will be considered open in violation of the above section when two or more persons shall enter or leave or be found in such place of busi-ness, regardless of whether or not any sales are made, and that each person so found shall be considered as constituting a separate offense on the part of the own-er; and, also, that the prohibition against Sunday business "shall not apply to the markets or dealers in provisions as to sales of provisions made by them before nine o'clock a. m., nor the sale of burial 