A CONSISTENT SUNDAY BILL  555 pines, stand for arbitrary assumption of authority, for the torch and torture and murder, as the means to the end that we may subjugate a people whom we found committed to the ideals of independence and self-government. It is and was none of our business whether that government would have assumed the form of a repub-lic, a constitutional monarchy, a dictator-ship, an absolutism or an anarchy. Our sole responsibility was to the ideals on which our fathers had founded a new na-tion and which we had faithfully and  successfully followed for a century and a quarter. Nothing but the spirit of con-quest ever attempted to discover another and a further responsibility in the prem-ises. A policy which makes a "damned incendiary document" of the Declaration of Independence cannot minister to the interests of the nation that Washington created ; and to classify as "insurrection" resistance to the exercise of powers de-rived from strength alone is a proposter-ous denial of our own right to a national existence. A Consistent Sunday Bill [At the hearing on the proposed Sunday legislation for the District of Columbia, before the District Commissioners on May 27, Gen. Wm. Birney, a lawyer of Washington, and a friend of true American principle as regards the relations of religion and government, ap-peared against the bills, and among other things read to the Commissioners and others present the "Sunday-rest" bill given below, which he had drawn up for the purpose of ex-hibiting some of the inconsistencies of such legislation. We are glad to say that it served the purpose very effectively.ÑEnrroal A BILL To promote rest in the District of Columbia, on Sunday, and prohibiting business on that day. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SEC. I . That it shall be unlawful for any firm, corporation, voluntary associa-tion, society, official person, tradesman, landlord, boarding-house keeper, me-chanic, workman, servant, professional man, or other person whatsoever, to do, on Sunday, any labor, business or work, whether of their ordinary callings, or of any kind whatsoever, or to keep open any building, office, shop, kitchen, ¥or place of business or labor of any kind, in which money is paid, received or col-lected, or wages or salary earned, or for any person whatsoever to enter on that day into any such building, office, shop,  kitchen or place of business or labor, kept open .as aforesaid. If any person violates any of the pro-visions of this Act, he or she shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not less than ten nor more than fifty dollars; and for each subsequent offense, not less than fifty nor more than one hun-dred and fifty dollars; and if the fine is not promptly paid, the convict shall be sentenced to work in striped clothing on the chain-gang until the fine imposed shall be worked out at the rate of thiity-three and one-third cents a day, and fully paid. SEC. 2.  That it shall be a sufficient defense to a prosecution under this Act that the defendant is a Jew, or a Seventh-day Baptist or Adventist, or an Ag-nostic or a Rationalist ; or that he or she has had rest enough on the other days of the week to maintain his health, or is an 