756 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY liberty could see no farther and better than this in this matter. But there are persons whose understanding and knowledge in this respect ought to be more than elementary who appear to see no further. For exponents of the principles of religious liberty, they ad-vance the truly astonishing idea that "instead of our taking a stand against the Bible being introduced in the educa-tional system, we should stand against religion, false religion, being taught by the state," and say that "there is no need of being afraid of the Bible anywhere," as it will "do no damage" and "teaches the very truths and prin-eiples which we [they] advocate and desire to have made known." They seem to forget entirely that the matter of the truth or untruth of the Bible has nothing to do with the application of the principles which must determine in the matter, and that their position in the matter is exactly the position that has been held by all religious champions of church and state union, whether Protestant or Roman Catholic. None of these people have ever wanted the state to aid and support "false" re-ligion; they have all merely desired that it aid and support the "truth"Šthe "truths and principles" which they advocated and desired "to have made. known," and which they believed thoroughly were the truth of God. And they have never been able to see how the "truth" could do any harm or damage "anywhere," or why there should be objection to its support and propagation by the state. The question as to what harm or damage the truth will do anywhere has nothing to do with the matter. ,The principle is that the state must not concern itself with religion, whether true or false. On the basis of the principle of separation of church and state, so far as the state is concerned all religions and all religious books are equally true and equally false; and it is on this basis that the action of the state with regard to any religion or any religious book must be determined. But we do not mean here to enter at length into what affords ground for saying a great deal. We would emphasize the point, however, that the idea that some people have that belief in and reverence for the Bible as the Book of God, the book of Divine truth and revelation, is inconsistent with opposition to its being employed as a text-book of religion in the public schools, is a very shallow idea, and that those who are unable to distinguish be-tween opposition to the Bible in the schools and opposition to the Bible it-self are too superficial to think upon this matter. Nobody who is capable of thinking upon the subject will see in the application of the principle of separation of church and state to the matter of the Bible in the public schools hostility and antagonism to the Bible itself, any more than he will see in the application of that principle to the matter of "God in the Constitution" hostility and antagonism to the Deity. In conclusion we wish to quote the statement of its position on this ques-tion of the Bible in the public schools that has recently been made by a re-ligious paperŠone of the best in the countryŠthat accepts the Bible implic-itly as the Word of God and as absolute authority in religion, and to say that its position is the only consistent position that any heliever in the Bible and in the principles of religious liberty can hold in this matter. A correspondent wrote to it expressing surprise that it, a paper holding to the Bible as the word and truth of God, should take the posi-tion that it did in regard to the Bible in the public schoolsŠthat it should, as he expressed it, "seek to put out the only light of truth the world possesses" 