154 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY In matters of religion all men are brethren, and no man nor any body of men is master. Any body of men, be it ecclesiastical or civil, which assumes to control the conduct of any individual in matters of religion tramples upon one of the most vital principles of true re-ligion. "Call no man master, for one is your Master, even Christ ; and all ye are brethren." Matt. 23 : 8. The right to rest is not upheld by Sun-day enforcement, but is denied. Where compulsion and force enter, rights end. Rights cannot be divorced from free-dom of choice. A law which admits of no choice in the exercise of the right which it professes to uphold, withholds and denies that right. The law which compels people to rest upon and to ob-serve Sunday, whether they choose to do so or not, is nothing more nor less than a denial of the right of the indi-vidual to rest upon and to observe Sun-day. It is a fact of some significance that that important point in statecraft, of which we are now hearing more and moreŠthe legislative protection of a dayŠseems to have wholly escaped the attention of all the standard writers on political economy. It has been left to the religious leaders of these times, and to certain public men who have been in-duced to lend their assistance in the matter, to make the remarkable discov-ery that the civil and political welfare of society requires that Sunday shall be "protected" by legislative enactment from "the encroachments of secular business." The Sunday-enforcement clergymen offer to the workingmen and to tiv citi-zens generally one day's rest in the week on the condition that they will  surrender the right to decide for them-selves when they shall work or shall not work, and the right to choose for them-selves in the matter of Sabbath observ-ance. This may be a very attractive bargain for the clergymen, but how it is toŁ benefit the workingmen and the citizens generally is no more apparent to the average person than is the benefit to the purchasing public of the great "bargain sales," at which goods are sold at two or three times their value, that are frequently under way in the cities and towns of the country. In view of the agitation for such a modification of the Sunday law as will allow saloons to be open on that day from one to eleven P. M., the question naturally arises as to why honest labor and legitimate industrial and mercantile pursuits should not be made legal during those hours also. Our Sunday-enforce-ment friends declare that no privileges should be allowed the saloon-keeper that are not allowed to the workman and the merchant; and of course this is right. The right to drink is not more sacred than the right to work, and that will be a pitiable state of affairs in which it is perfectly legal for a saloon-keeper to ply his business, and criminal for a man to engage in an honest vocation. There is but one way to justice in this matter of Sunday legislation, and that is by its complete repeal. Justice requires that an act shall be judged according to its nature, and not its nature determined by the day upon which it occurs. And both justice and sound public policy re-quire that the state, in its regulation and prohibition of any business, shall be guided by the nature and character of the business dealt with, and not by the sacredness or secularity of the day upon which the business may be carried on. 