Ontario's "Lord's Dar Legislation Invalid British Privy Council Reverses Decision of Toronto Court of Appeal THE Sunday legislation of the Prov-ince of Ontario, Canada, has been declared ultra vires (beyond legal power and authority), by the Imperial Privy Council in London, the court of last resort in such matters in the British Empire. This judgment, news of which reached Toronto on July 15, settles a question that has been pending for sev-eral years, and in which seventh-day ob-servers, Sunday-enforcement champions, and transportation companies in the Province were especially interested. In 1896 two Seventh-day Adventist ministers, after an appeal to the Divi-sional Court at Toronto, were compelled to serve a sentence of forty days each in jail at Chatham for having done some work on Sunday in connection with the erection of a church building at Darrell. Later other arrests and prosecutions of seventh-day observers took place, and to aid in this persecution, for the facts showed it to be nothing else but the work of religious bigotry and intolerance, an amendment to the Sunday law was se-cured from the provincial legislature. The " Lord's Day Act " was substantially identical with the statute of Charles II., from which it was derived, and in har-mony with that seventeenth century Eng-lish enactment prohibited the doing of business or work of one's ordinary call-ing. It named specifically " merchant, tradesman, artificer, mechanic, workman, laborer," and since farmers were not named the general interpretation of the act was that it did not apply to them. Now it was a little difficult to reach the Adventists with this law. Although it was done, ministers could not legally be punished for doing manual labor on Sun-day ; and farmers could not be prosecuted and convicted without flying in the face  of the accepted interpretation of the stat-ute. Hence the law was amended so as to specifically include farmers and to pro-hibit all labor and work, whether of one's ordinary calling or not. The demand for this amendment came from a district where there were quite a number of Adventists, and where they were growing in numbers, and on its adoption by the legislature the representative who secured its passage wrote to one of his constit-uents that he trusted it would " have the effect desired in regard to the Adventists who have been giving some annoyance in your neighborhood." About this time the Lord's Day " Al-liance, a Sunday-enforcement organiza-tion, became active and prominent in On-tario, and among other things secured the passage by the provincial legislature of amendments to the " Lord's Day Act " prohibiting Sunday railway and steam-boat excursions and the running of street-cars on Sunday. With the aid of this legislation the organization named har-assed the transportation companies con-siderably in the attempt to prevent their operation on Sunday. After a hard-fought battle Toronto secured exemption from the prohibition against the operation of street-cars, but the law remained in force elsewhere and was frequently in-voked by the "Lord's Day" Alliance. The prosecution of the Hamilton Street Rail-way Company is the case that has gained most prominence. Out of all this arose the question of the constitutionality of the " Lord's Day Act " as amended by the pro-vincial legislature. On the ground that the legislature of Ontario had ex-ceeded its authority in enacting the Sun-day legislation that it had, since author-ity to enact criminal legislation belonged 