6 A Report on the Papacy [Dr. William Burt, who is prominently connected with the missionary operations that are being pushed in Italy, especially in Rome, by the Methodist Episcopal Church in the United States, returned to this country a few weeks since, and an interview with him of some length was published in the New York Christian Advocate of November 6. We present herewith a portion of this interview that will be of interest to the readers of THE SENTINEL. It is not improbable that the fact that Leo` XIII. has personally shown strong displeasure at and opposition to the work of the Methodists in Rome may have influenced Dr. Burt in speaking of the Pope. It is certainly a mistake to hold that Leo XIII. is "one of the most reactionary popes that has worn the tiara for at least two centuries." He has shown a re-markable capacity for accommodating himself and the Papacy to modern conditions, and for turning them to the advantage of the Papacy. It is very true that in a sense his policy is reactionary, but it is not theŁ sort of reaction that was conspicuous with some of his immediate predecessors. And we think itis a mistake to suppose that the power of the Papacy is waning. No doubt this is true in portions of Roman Catholic Europe where the people have had a long and intimate acquaintance with the Papacy, but it is not true in the world at large.ŠEDITOR] HAVE you seen the Pope? Is it true that he is in any sense a prisoner? "How curious people in America are to hear from the Pope Yes, we have seen him many times. We pay very little attention to him, however, in Rome. It is the institution, the Papacy, that we have to do with. Leo XIII. will die soon, but the Papacy, we fear, is not quite so near its end, though there are many signs of decrepitude. The present Pope is as free to come out of the Vatican as any other individual. His imprisonment is purely voluntary, or rather for political reasons. If he should come out of the Vatican onto Italian territory, then he immediately puts himself under Italian protection and Italian laws, though he would be re-garded as a prince and treated as such according to the agreement of 1870. But he is a pretender to a lost throne, and hence he remains within his own walls. If the Pope should become reconciled to modern Italy, and accept the present ideas of liberty he would renounce his right to exist as he is to-day. Politically he would commit suicide." Does Leo XIII. have the same reputa-tion at home as he enjoys abroad for his sympathy with liberal ideas and repub-lican institutions? "In Italy we have no idea that the Pa- pacy has changed one iota in its attitude toward free institutions. History teaches us what the Papacy has stood for in all centuries. It is the same to-dayŠthe personification of centralized power and of absolute despotism.. How is it possi-ble, therefore, for the Pope to have any sympathy whatever with our free repub-lican institutions ? Only two classes of people here have the least confidence in the Pope's pretensions ; the ignorant and superstitious, who are yet the abject slaves of the system, and those who are directly dependent on the Vatican. All the intelligent, patriotic Italians have lost all faith in the papal pretensions. Leo XIII. has put his foot on everything that tends to liberty. He is regarded here as one of the most reactionary popes that has worn the tiara for at least two cen-turies. Le Siecle, of Paris, recently ex-pressed the idea of the Italians as well as of the French people : 'The clericals call themselves liberal because they want liberty to teach our children to hate the republic and democracy. They want lib-erty only to assure the dominion of monks and priests and the submission of the state and society to the Church. Never for one day do they lose sight of their lust for universal dominion.' A few weeks ago I was passing through a town 