14 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY I. Lile, a saloonman who pleaded guilty arid was on December 7 sentenced to a fine and fifteen days imprisonment for violating the Sunday law." "Judge Pope made personal investigation suffi-cient to satisfy him that Lile will spend fifteen days in jail." At Elizabeth, N. J., on December 18 Henry Popper, "charged with operat-ing a pool-room on Sunday, where thirty-eight young men and boys were arrested by the police recently for Sun-day gambling," was arraigned in the police court. "All those caught in the pool-room were fined $2 and costs each, but the judge afterward returned the fines, and decided to punish the pro-prietor only." It was recently reported, from Day-ton; Ohio, that "an edict has gone forth from the police department that the Sunday saloon must go." There has been "a long cry against the Sunday saloon, as well as a claim that the police department has not enforced the plain letter of the law, and it is now the de-termination of the police authorities that there shall be no more complaint on that score." The Des Moines (Iowa) News of De-cember 21 reported : "Justice Tris will to-morrow hear the case of the State against Aaron Richman, who is charged with having violated the Sunday laws of the State by selling merchandise on that day at his store at 412 East Walnut Street. The information was sworn out by William Wissinger in Jus-tice Duncan's court, and it was taken to Justice Tris's court on a charge of venue." '4- A correspondent reports from Wood-ward, Okla.: " The churches of this city are uniting in an effort to suppress all violations of the Sunday law, and recently succeeded in having the city council pass an ordinance closing all business houses and forbidding all me-chanical labor of any kind. But the work in the railway shops continues just the same, hunting parties go out every Sunday, and the confectionery stores are wide open." " The enforcement of the Sunday-closing law was very satisfactory" in Dallas, Tex., on,  December 13, accord-ing to Police Commissioner Blaylock. He stated that "because the police were so energetic" the day "was a quiet and very satisfactory Sabbath." "When questioned as to what would be done toward enforcing the Sunday law in its entirety, he said : 'We are after the saloons now. 'The "small fry" may be taken up later'." " The matter concerning the closing of grocery stores on Sunday" was re-cently "brought before the village board" at Peekskill, N. Y., and "was referred to the police committee for investigation and adjustment." The local paper quotes in full the State statute against "all manner of public selling or offering for sale of any prop-erty on Sunday," and says that it is the best answer to the question, mid "will probably set at rest any and all disputes" concerning it. The Chester (Pa.) Republican reports that "Burgess Sellew, of Colwyn, is still conducting his crusade against storekeepers who persist in keeping their stores open on Sunday." Being informed that a certain storekeeper was "breaking his order," he is re-ported to have visited the store in per-son and said to the proprietor: "I understand that you are in the habit of keeping open your store on Sunday, and have come to tell you that you must stop it. It is against the law to desecrate the Sabbath by selling to your customers. I sent out a notice to this effect several months ago, and am determined that the law will be en-forced." The Wichita (Kan.) Beacon of De-cember 21 reported : "Joseph Miller, of the firm of Miller & Hull, appeared before Judge Stanley in police court this morning to answer to a charge of keeping his place of business open on Sunday. He was fined $50, which he paid. Miller & Hull are tailors and men's outfitters, and do a great deal of work for traveling men, many of whom Ł 