A FUTILE AND MISCHIEVOUS IDEA 413 these black deeds by the representatives of nations which assume to be the lead-ers of humanity and the bearers of "the white man's burden," it is highly fitting that such outbursts as the following im-passioned poem by Robert Underwood Johnston, written for the New York Evening Post "On Reading of Atrocities in War," should be published far and wide: Mild is the air of April, Gentle the sky above, And the budding and the mating Call for a song of love; But the season on my singing Has lost its olden spell Because of a shame and sorrow Men close their eyes to tell. I see but the tears of women In the rain of the springtime flood; I cannot brook the flowersŠ They only smell of blood. Lost is the playground frolicŠ Its joy and laughter melt In the moan of children sobbing From jungle and from veldt. 0 ye in the halls of council; You may conquer the distant foe, But still before a higher court Your needless wars must go. Too much you ask of silence; Too fierce the iron heel; Because a statesman blundered Must every heart be steel? O Britain! 0 Columbia! Too much of sodden strife, Back to the banished gospelŠ The sacredness of life! Else shall our ties of language And law and race and fame Be naught to the bond that binds us In one eternal shame. A Futile and Mischievous Idea Ł [From the Christian AT the recent meeting of the State Teachers' Association of Illi-nois, among other things said was an utterance of President Thwing, of West-ern Reserve University, which has at-tracted some attention. Remarking that he, "a Protestant," "would rather have" his children "taught by a good Catholic nun than by a wise agnostic"Ša view to which we heartily assentŠhe added : We have gone farther in the elimination of religious teaching than is necessary. Of course, we must observe the statutes, but Illi-nois is a Christian commonwealth and the United States a Christian nation. As a Chris-tian nation and a Christian commonwealth the United States and the State of Illinois should recognize that there is a Divine Being, and to that Divine Being we owe certain duties. We should go so far, therefore, as to teach  Work; New York.] that there is a God, and a God we ought to love. This statement seems to lack clearness, and its correctness will be questioned in some quarters. And let us say we are unable to accept the statement that Illi-nois or any StateŠmuch less the nation Šis distinctively "Christian," as it cer-tainly is not. The constitution of Illi-nois, like that of New York, and the Federal Constitution, does not specially recognize Christianity as having official relation to the State. And this brings us to say that a sharp cleavage exists be-tween the terms "State," "Nation," and "People" which should have full recogni-tion. That our States recognize a Divine Being is true; but that does not make the State or nation essentially Christian. 