SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 6;7 D. W. Lawler, counsel for Hoffman, at-tacked the law as class legislation, arguing that it is unconstitutional in attempting to dis-criminate between the classes of retail stores, which are specified. He declared that the law was unsound in making it penal to keep open a grocery store or a clothing store, and allow-ing cigar, news and confectionery stores to re-main open. He also attacked the law as un-constitutional in that its title fails to specify its object. Assistant County Attorney O'Neil replied that as the enactment was an amend-ment, its title was sufficiently comprehensive as it sets forth that it has for its purpose the amendment of a particular section of the penal code. He also contended that it could not be considered as class legislation. Judge Hine was to render a decision on September i8. Near Pembina, R. Dak., on September 1, Thomas Prittie was arrested " for threshing on Sunday." " A hearing was held before Justice Storms and a $5 fine imposed." Commenting on the case a local paper said : Working on Sunday is not commendable from any point of view. It is contrary to the laws of God and in violation of the laws of the State. It is contrary to physical laws, as both man and beast require one day of rest in a week. It should be avoided where possible. There are cases where work is necessary. The Bible allows the removal of the ass from the pit. The statute says all unnecessary labor. Whether cutting grain which is shelling badly and going to waste and the finishing of a field of grain by a thresher when rain is imminent, as was the case last Sunday, comes under the head of the Biblical exception, or would be considered as necessary labor, is for the judge and jury to decide. A judge and jury can properly have nothing whatever to do with determining whether or not a thing comes under the head of a Biblical exception. The Bible is not the law in this country, and judges and juries are doing an illegal thing when they attempt to administer any portion of it as law. The fact that a Sunday law calls for Biblical exegesis by judges and juries is evidence of its own utter impropriety in American legislation. The Winnipeg (Manitoba) Press of September io reported that a meeting of the executive committee of the Winnipeg branch of the " Lord's Day " Alliance was held at the Y. M. C. A. building on the previous evening, with Secretary J. G. Shearer of the Canadian Alliance pre-siding. Mr. Shearer was " on his annual trip to meet the committees of the various branches of the Alliance in the West, all the way to the Pacific coast." The action of the chief of police in endeavor-ing to prevent the keeping open of certain stores on Sunday was referred to, and the as-sociation assured him of its hearty co-opera-tion in all such efforts. The sympathy of the association was also expressed with those members of the pharmaceutical profession and the retail drug clerks of the city who were endeavoring to limit the number of hours dur-ing which drug stores are kept open on Sun-day; and a committee was appointed to con-fer with the druggists and their clerks in re-gard to further action in this matter. The action of the Winnipeg lacrosse team in re-fusing to play lacrosse on Sunday recently in St. Paul was heartily commended as in har-mony with the best traditions of Canadian athletes and the genuine respect of the Cana-dians for the quiet and sanctity of the Sabbath day. We are told that " the Dominion ex-ecutive of the Lord's Day Alliance is at present drafting a bill to be introduced into the Dominion parliament as a gov-ernment measure which when passed will be general over the whole of Canada," and that " Sir William Laurier has prom-ised such legislation." The county commissioners of the county in which Tampa, Fla., is situated have " decreed that any saloonkeeper who conducts his business on Sunday shall forfeit his license."ŠAt Owatonna, Minn., on August 24, Joseph Martinek, a saloonman, was fined $25 and costs for Sunday selling.ŠIn July two saloon-keepers of Atwood, Colo., were arrested for Sunday selling, and on being tried at Sterling were fined $250 and costs 