CONCERNING THE SENTINEL AND .ITS WORK 7 I I r' of legislation to the wrong prin-ciple in this matter of Sunday observance by law. But notwith-standing the fact that there has been no concrete presentation of the issue nationally in recent years, the Sunday-enforcement issue has never been ;more real at any time during these eighteen years than it is to-day, and we do not hesitate to say that it has in the past few years taken on a more threatening and dangerous aspect than it has had at any time since this paper was established. We have reference to the very significant fact that organized labor and business are rapidly becoming allies of the religious forces in the cause of Sunday enforcement, and that on a basis which will secure to such enforce-ment indorsement and support that it could not have received upon the basis on which it was demanded by the relig-ious element. Sooner or later another Sunday-enforcement measure for the nation will be brought before the Con-gress- of the United States, and this time it will come not simply with the backing of organized religion, but also with that of organized labor, of whose present and growing power in the coun-try none need to be informed. And what organized religion could not ac-complish when demanding a national Sunday law from plainly religious mo-tives, who shall say that organized re-ligion and organized labor combined (for they are coming together in, this matter) shall not be able to accomplish when demanding Sunday legislation for apparently wholly civil and social ends? The danger from the particular thing which created the need for and brought about the establishment of this paper "for the purpose of opposing all manner of religious legislation and every principle, effort, or movement that tends in any way toward a union of church and state" is more real and  menacing to-day than it ever was. That Sunday enforcement, even when plainly and unmistakably persecution and oppression, is by no means an possible thing in this country to-day is shown by what has taken place in Philadelphia and other places during the past year. And, as we have had occasion to point out in the past few months, there is another matter in which the principles which The Sen, tinel was established to advocate. and maintain are seriously menaced that is looming up in this country, Šthe matter of religious instruction by the state, or state support of religious teaching and sectarian schools. Recent bold utterances have brought this ques-tion prominently to the front and shown that the issue is a live one, and that the demand for the setting aside of principle on this point is certain to grow louder and more imperative. As most of our readers know, last October The Sentinel was removed from New York City to Washington. It had been published in New York since January, 1890, with the exception of the period from May, 1900, to November, 1901. It is now permanently located at the national capital, and is being published at present literally almost within the shadow of the national Capitol. While the fulfilment of the purpose for which it . was established is not dependent upon its being issued from any par-ticular point in the country, we can but believe that in its present location The Sentinel will be better enabled' to fulfil its mission as a sentinel on guard against encroachments upon those great principles of freedom and human rights respecting liberty of conscience and the, relation of church and state upon which the government of the United States was founded, and which the paper seeks to maintain in practise, than it would be at any other point in the country. 