680 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. would have thought of making such laws. But that it was at the solicitation of the clergy and the church leaders that they passed the Sunday law can be proven beyond a doubt. However, you must see, your honor, that there can be no such thing as a civil Sunday law. You understand, of course, the meaning of civility and incivility. To be uncivil is to disregard or trample upon the rights of another. But you admit that to do common labor on any day of the week is not trampling upon the rights of an-other, and therefore can not be uncivil; and if the mere act of labor on Sunday is not uncivil, then how could a law punishing a man for doing a civil act be a civil law? JUDGE: Go on, Mr. Jones; we will consider that point later on. MR. JONES: In regard to my being innocent be-fore God, your honor will agree with me, that the Sabbath commandment says, "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt do no work." Now, if God commands 'me to keep the seventh day under pain of the second death, has any legislative body any right to step in and say that I shall not keep that day? JUDGE: Oh, no, Mr. Jones, the legislature does not claim the right to say that you shall not keep the seventh day. No such thing is contemplated in the law. Far from it. And, further, Mr. Jones, if you are conscientiously convicted in your own mind that you ought to keep the seventh day as the Sab-bath, I honor you for doing so. I hold that it is every man's duty to act out his conscientious con-victions, so long as his convictions do not prompt him to interfere with the rights of another. MR. JONES: I am glad to hear your honor so de-cide. It is an evidence to me that you desire to be just in your rulings. But please bear with me. You admit that because the commandment says " the seventh day in the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work," no legisla-tive body has any right to override the authority of the great God and say that I shall keep it. JUDGE: Indeed I do, Mr. Jones, and I should be the last man to decide otherwise. MR. JONES: Very well, your honor. Does not the same God in the same command say, " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work " ? JUDGE: I believe He does. MR. JONES: Then, when God says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath; in it thou shall do no work," no  legislative body has any right to say I shall not keep the seventh day, and if my conscience tells me it is my duty to keep the seventh day I should do so re-gardless of any human intervention to the contrary. Then when the same God says in the same command " Six days shalt thou labor," what right has any legis-lative body to say I must rest the first day and thus deprive me of one day's income contrary to the com-mand of God? JUDGE: I do not understand, Mr. Jones, that that clause of the divine law is imperative, and that every one is compelled to work six days. We all know that many good people are unable to work. There-fore we understand that the clause to work six days is only a permission to labor if we are able and de-sire to do so. MR. JoNEs: Very well, your honor, we will ac-cept your understanding of that clause in the com-mandment. But is it not true that the law gives me a divine right to work six days; and, if so, has any legislative body the authority to prevent me from exercising a divine right? Would not that be put-ting human authority in place of the divine, and thus exalting man above God? JUDGE: We must confess, Mr. Jones that your reasoning is logical throughout. Do you wish to make any further defense in your case? MR. JoNEs: There are many more reasons I might lay before your honor, but I will not occupy any more of your valuable time, but, thanking you for granting me permission to state my reasons, and hoping you will consider them in the light of truth and justice to all men, I close. JUDGE: As it is about time to adjourn this court for to-day, and as I wish some time to consider your case, you can go, Mr. Jones, and await our decision. A Private Conversation Next Morning. STATE'S ATTORNEY: Good morning, Judge. JUDGE: Good morning, Mr. Marsh. ATTORNEY: Well, Judge, what do you think of Jones's defense yesterday? JUDGE: Think of it ! The man doesn't live that can pick a flaw in a single point he made. The principles of civil and religious liberty as presented by Jones in his defense are the principles advocated by all the noted jurists and statesmen since this Gov-ernment was founded, and for years before. ATTORNEY: That is my opinion exactly, Judge, and I have about made up my mind that Sunday 