382 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY closed three-fifths of the time? If this is so, what becomes of the notion that the needs of the business fixes the hours of labor regardless of the needs of the workers? There are a number of things that enter into the matter of the deter-mination of the hours of work, but in the nature of things one of the most im-portant is the needs and convenience of the workers. What else than this is it that labor unions have upon which to base their demands for shorter hours ? We have no objection to the people who are seeking to bring about a more ideal condition of society representing the workingman as in some respects a slave, but we decidedly dissent from the use of any such argument in defense of an antiquated and unjust statute. Are we to determine a matter of law, a matter affecting the rights and liber-ties of citizens, upon the assumption that the workingman is the slave of his em-ployer in this country? Is it true that there is no " sense in talking about the liberty to work or not to work " in this country, and that the workingman " has no such liberty " ? Certainly workingmen have to work or starve. What honest man does not have to work or starve? Do not all men have to work or become the slaves of idleness and vice? The theory of the law in this country is that every citizen is free, and, what-ever may be the idea of radical schools of social thought, according to that the-ory the workingman is as much a free man as is his employer. And since it is a matter of law that is under considera-tion, this is the theory that we have a right to expect will be adhered to in the discussion. This argument that the workingman, conscience and all, is sub-ject to and at the mercy of his employer amounts to nothing in this connection be-cause it is not true. There is another point that should be considered in this connection. There are a good many thousands of conscientious people in this country who observe the seventh day of the week. They are most all people who are obliged to earn their living by their daily work, and that by work for people who carry on their busi-ness on the day held sacred by them..  Now how is that these people live and many of them support families if it is. true that a workingman would have to, starve in this country if he tried to ob-serve a weekly rest day without having the law to back him up in the matter? These seventh-day observers rest on a day that is universally devoted to busi-ness, and yet they find employment and live. What a miserable plea is it then that those who desire to rest on the day that is held to as a rest day by the great mass of the people would be pre-vented from doing so if they did not have the special protection of the law ! It is a libel upon the country to say that a man would have to starve in it if he insisted upon observing a weekly rest day. Anybody should know that this is not so. The seventh-day observ-ers are living refutations of this pitiable argument. Its use is indicative of the desperate extremity to which Sunday legislation is reduced for defense. And this reminds us, as we said in the former article, that the law under discussion is not a law for securing to the working-man a day of rest. It is a law for an-other purpose, and the contention that it is necessary in order to secure a rest day for the workingman is merely an irrele-vant argument invented for its defense. It was the day, the religious institution, and not the working class in the interests of which the Florida Sunday law was en-acted and in the interests of which its enforcement was recently demanded at Jacksonville. 