20 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. a aifference of opinion such a power could and did bring to bear upon men and women every cruel torture it could invent. With nameless and numberless persecutions, even to the most terrible deaths, have the supporters of such prin-ciples enforced ther claim to the right of overriding the consciences of their fel-low-men ; and such cruel deeds are but the logical results of the failure to rec-ognize the rights of conscience, the right of choice, in matters of religion. Claim-ing to do Christ service, the exponents of such doctrines have inflicted upon their fellow-men the very suffering that Christ spent his earthly ministry in re-lieving. Christ placed his hands upon the eyes of the blind and gave them sight. Men claiming to represent Christ, but unwilling to recognize the right of choice, have bored out the eyes of those who chose to worship God according to the dictates of conscience. Christ, the great Herald of religious liberty, healed every hurt that was brought to Him and all manner of diseases with which the people were afflicted, never forcing upon any an unwilling recognition of his Mes-siahship. Men, refusing to recognize the right of choice, have brought upon other men, in Christ's name, the very afflictions to relieve which he ministered when upon the earth, simply because they exercised a right which Christ himself guaranteed and would not invade. And what Christ would not do men cannot do and do right. No Christian will invade the right of  choice in religious mattersŠhe ceases to be one when he does it. No On istian will persecute another Christian or pagan or infidel for non-corformity to his re-ligious idealsŠhe cannot do it and be a Christian ; for the Christian must do as Uiirist did. Worship that is not of the heart has no value in heaven, and wor-ship that is forced is not worship of the heart. Christ, in addressing a company whose worship was in form and not in spirit, quoted the prophet Isaiah, saying : "This people draweth nigh unto Me with their mouth, and honoreth Me with their lips ; but their heart is far from Me." Matt. 5: 7, 8. He declares them hypocrites for so doing, and immediately tells them that all such worship is vain. In view of these truths and these facts, let us not be overtaken in the deceptive and wicked folly of encouraging or con-senting to any manner of religious legis-lation at any time. He who does so is doing the same thing that Saul did when he consented to the death of Stephen for exercising his God-given religious lib-erty, and held the clothes of those that slew him. The logic of religious legisla-tion means just that, and while the re-ligious press and the pulpits of the coun-try are striving for religious legislation, and while this country has committed itself to that un-Christian principle, God would still have His servants do as He did and recognize the sanctity of the right of choice, and practice that recog-nition. "The sweet persuasion of His voice Respects thy sanctity of will. He giveth day : thou hast thy choice To walk in darkness still." 