65o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY day by running a diversion on Sunday." He pleaded not guilty and the case was continued. E. C. Van Luven,. a clothing dealer of Erie, Pa., was arrested recently on a warrant sworn out by an agent of the clerks' and bookkeepers' unicon. It is expected that other merchants will be ar-rested also. The law envoked is the old statute of 1794. The retail clerks' union of Meriden, Conn., has sent a committee to merchants in that city who do business on Sunday with the request that they discontinue the practise, and have thrown out the threat that if the request is disregarded "some action will be taken to compel them to do so." In response to a petition from the ministers' alliance the village board of Woodhull, Ill., recently decided by unani-mous vote "to enforce that section of the law relative to Sunday opening. This means that all the restaurants, barber shops and other places of business must close all day Sunday." 4,  For keeping open his clothing store and "selling goods secretly" on Sunday, Peter Lavinski, of Bridgeport, Conn., was fined $10 and costs in the city court of that place on July 16. He appealed, and furnished bond to the amount of $75. His arrest was due to the efforts of Levin Brothers, rival clothing dealers. The local W. C. T. U. organization of Council Bluffs, Iowa, has begun a crusade against the delivery of ice, the opening of stores and saloons and the giving of performances at the theatres in that city on Sundays. It was decided to send committees directly to the theatre  managers and store proprietors to re-quest them to close entirely on Sundays. Three Sunday-closing ordinances were recently pending before the city council of Hoboken, N. J. One was to prevent barbers from doing business after twelve o'clock on Sunday, another was to pre-vent shoe dealers from carrying on busi-ness on Sunday, and the third was to pre-vent the sale of meat on Sunday. We have not learned what action the council has taken with reference to them. Being anxious to finish a job on which he had been engaged the day before, Newman Zwonokwitz, a blacksmith of 8o Guernsey St., Brooklyn, labored with his hammer and anvil on the morning of August 3. A policeman was summoned, and as the order "to stop disturbing the peace of the Sabbath day" was not promptly heeded, he was placed under arrest. The case was called the next day, but continued. Liquor dealers of Port Huron, Mich., recently caused the arrest of eight drug-gists of that city on the charge of sell-ing liquor on Sunday. It seems that the liquor dealers have already become quite well versed in the art of Sunday enforce-ment, as they employed men to go to the druggists and purchase whisky on the pretense that they needed it for medicinal purposes. The cases came up for trial on July 18, but were adjourned. Ł It has been reported from Richmond, Va., that in order "to prevent the people from reading the Sunday newspapers and patronizing excursions on Sunday" the Methodist ministers of that city "pro-pose to publish a paper which shall con-tain only what they think people should read on Sunday, and distribute it free." This is a unique departure in the way of 