5o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of the Sunday-enforcement theologians. As far as it goes, and it goes entirely too far, this late feat of the " Reform Bu-reau " at Washington could not be sur-passed in the most theocratic of govern-ments. Though it may be a small one and somewhat unofficial, this thing is a piece of church-and-state union. Greater strictness in the enforcement of the Sunday law against the sale of liquor seems to be one of the most prominent features of the regime of New York's new police commissioner. He has spent the Sundays since coming into the office on inspection tours throughout the city, and has personally ordered the arrest of a number of persons for violating the law referred to. No doubt this law is one which it is the duty of the police to en-force, but the " reform " which manifests itself in trying to prevent on one day of the week what is freely allowed on all other days is a rather dubious sort of re-form. The evils and crimes that New York needs to have suppressed are those that are evils and crimes on all days. The city is not helped much by the sup-pression on one day of what it is obliged to put up with as perfectly legitimate during six days. Mark Twain evidently does not enter-tain that sort of an opinion of the Papacy that is becoming popular in these days. In his scorching treatment of the " Chris-tian Science " " Trust " in the North American Review, he predicts that it " will be handed down like the other Pa-pacy," and " after a generation or two," when it has become " the most insolent and unscrupulous and tyrannical politico-religious master that has dominated a people since the palmy days of the Inqui-sition," " will probably divide Christen-dom with the Catholic Church." Mr. Clemens evidently regards the Papacy as the most fit thing with which to com- pare the " Christian Science " Trust," and it is certain that he has no very high opinion of the latter. But notwithstand-ing his great predictions as to the future of the " Christian Science " " Trust," it is not likely that it will ever rival the Papacy as a politico-religious organiza-tion for the domination of people and na-tions. " Not much like a free country," was the exclamation of Judge Gray, chairman of the Anthracite Coal Strike Commis-sion, while listening to the evidence of the lawlessness and brutality of union miners during the great strike of last summer and fall. The able representa-tives of the union miners before the Com-mission were unable to show why the stigma of this lawlessness should not rest upon the union. Judge Gray demanded to know of one single instance of a man's being disciplined or expelled from the union because of misdeeds of violence, but no such instance was given. In fact, it could not even be shown that the union had taken any action whatever with ref-erence to those of its members who had been convicted of crimes. There is no question but that the coal corporations have greatly violated the law, but it is evident that this is a thing upon which they have no monopoly. Labor organi-zations are just as lawless as capitalistic combinations when it suits their purposes to be so. The fact that two such forces are constantly becoming more and more powerful bodes ill for the country. " Our Constitution guarantees to every one freedom of religious belief, which the courts have defined to mean freedom of faith and not freedom of conduct," says The Outlook. Is it true, then, that re-ligious liberty as guaranteed by the Con-stitution and defined by the courts means merely freedom to think and not freedom to act? Would it not be better to say 