THE COURSE OF EMPIRE 363 still insists upon the unconditional sub-mission of the Filipinos. A bill is being drafted in Congress for the establishment of civil government over the Philippines, and so far as the Filipinos or anybody else can learn of the intentions and pur-poses of those who will establish and control this government, it may he in-tended to continue it forever. Mr. Charles Denby, who is no anti-imperialist himself, recently said : "No man who knows anything about the Philippines doubts that if Congress were to declare to-day that the Philippines shall be inde-pendent as soon as their people are fit to maintain and carry on an independent government, the troubles in that distract-ed region would cease to-morrow." If this be true, and there is no reason to doubt it, then it is impossible to escape the conclusion that the Government of the United States intends nothing else but the permanent subjection of the Fili-pinos to its authority. And this not only makes the United States responsible for all the war and devastation in the Philip-pines during the past three years, but leaves it absolutely without excuse. Already there has commenced with re-gard to the government of the Philip-pines what strongly suggests the experi-ence of England in her first half century or more of the government of India. Abuses and entanglements in the admin-istration have arisen, and the inevitable, and what will prove the everlasting, un-less corruption, injustice, and outrages are allowed to go on without them, in-quiries and investigations into the con-duct of the administration have begun. And some of the revelations already brought out by this Senatorial investi-gation have aroused the country. So long as the United States attempts to govern the Philippines as she now pro-poses to govern them there will be abuses to investigate. Not only is this special  inquiry going on, but the greater portion of the time of Congress during the pres-ent session has been consumed in consid-ering not the business of the United States, but the business of other peoples which the United States has assumed. This will not work well very long. One of the worst features of this whole drift away from American principles in the last few years has been the intoler-ance of those who endorsed it toward those who did not. The idea seems to have gained considerable currency that the time is past when a man can freely hold and utter his opinion in this coun-try. He who dares to differ from those who have thrown the Declaration of In-dependence to the winds is freely termed a traitor and accused of disloyalty to the Government. The idea seems to prevail that eternal principles are nothing, and that some expedient make-shift that vio-lates them is everything. A prominent general of the army has gone about over this country declaring in so many words that those who denied the justice of what was being done in the Philippines ought to be hung, and another prominent gen-eral has declared that, if Mr. J. G. Schur-man had been in the Philippines when he made his recent very judicial and states-man-like address on Philippine affairs. that he would have been court-mar-shaled, and probably shot! We are glad to present in this connection some words from Mr. Schurman with reference to this abominable and despotic spirit which assumes that men are not to be allowed to speak their convictions. Mr. Schur-man was the president of the first Phil-ippine Commission and he is by no means a *rabid anti-imperialist. But the deliri-um of imperialism which has swept over the country has not blinded him to the ideas and principles which are the bul-wark alike of order and of liberty. In a recent magazine article he says : 