SENATOR HOAR ON SUNDAY LEGISLATIONÑA REVIEW 93 be devoted to a consideration of spiritual interests, or the relation of man to his Creator arid the hopes of a future state, to the religious training of the young and the religious improvement of persons of mature age. The State has the right, I think, to secure this period of rest by law." Again : "Now, to secure the op-portunity for that large proportion of the people who desire to devote one day in seven to rest, to religious study and meditation, or religious instruction of their children, it is not enough to enact that they shall not be disturbed in their houses or their churches. If business be permitted to go as usual, if the factories and shops may be opened, if teams are to go along the streets, and every kind of secular business may proceed at will of the individual, it will be impossible for those who want the religious holiday to get it." And again : "The State has the right to compel the citizen, within reasonable limits, to respect the holidays of a majority of the citizens, and it may require a like respect for the holy days, whether other men consider their obser-vation a religious duty or not, I consider it a religious duty, and also a necessity of my spiritual, moral, and indeed, of my physical nature." (Italics supplied.) Certainly there is no concealment here of the religious basis of Sunday legisla-tion. The Senator makes it very plain that it is the religious character of Sun-day observance which calls for special legislation with regard to the day. He virtually admits that people are as secure in their rights, are as much protected from disturbance "in their houses or their churches" on Sunday without Sun-day legislation as they are on all other days. Sunday legislation is not needed for these purposes ; it is not needed to protect people in the right to perform re- ligious duties, to devote themselves to a consideration of spiritual interests, the relation of man to his Creator and the hopes of a future state, to religious study and meditation, or the religious training of the young and the religious improve-ment of persons of mature age. All these privileges and duties are performed on other days when no such special legisla-tion applies, and yet the absence of such legislation does not render such right in-secure, nor admit of any interference with these privileges. No, it is not the security of the right to engage in any of these religious duties and privileges that calls for this special Sunday legis-lation, as we think is perfectly apparent from a careful examination of the quota-tions we have given above. This special Sunday legislation is for the purpose of securing the religious holiday; it comes not because a great many people are in-terfered with in their right to engage in worship, but because "a great many persons think that that day [Sunday] of rest ought to be devoted [by everybody] to a consideration of spiritual interests," etc. This great number of persons, be-lieving that Sunday ought to be devoted by everybody to a consideration of spiritual interests, etc., do not believe that it is enough that they themselves should be protected in the right to con-sider these spiritual interests, and that they themselves should be undisturbed "in their houses or their churches," but, having the power, they will stop "all secular business," and thus go as far as they can toward compelling everybody to devote Sunday to a consideration of those spiritual interests to which they believe everybody ought to devote the day. And thus, even if the people do not do what "a great many persons think" they ought to do on Sunday, they 