562  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY expressed by many Sabbatarians that the ancient rigor of Puritan observance cannot be relaxed without bringing "the Continental Sunday," and in its train a requirement that workingmen shall keep at their tasks seven days a week. "Organized labor" will never permit anything of that sort. Let the mill-owners of Fall River, or the flour-millers of Minneapolis, try to make their hands work on Sunday and the Sabbatarians would speedily have evidence that there is no danger that the first day of the week will ever become a day of toil for the masses. Of course the concern of clergymen and church people in this matter is not for the workingman at all; it is wholly  for the religious Sunday, and it is well that in this discussion at the Presbyterian General Assembly this fact was partially emphasized by an admission which goes far toward establishing the farcical and fraudulent character of the church's pre-tension that the workingman needs her assistance, through Sunday legislation, in securing and preserving for himself a weekly rest day. The position of the clergymen in this matter, and we hope the position of all workingmen, is em-phasized in the picture and imaginary coloquy on the preceding page. On the evening of June 22 Rev. Henry Belting, in the Hamilton Avenue Meth-odist Church, Trenton, N. J., preached a special sermon on "The Laboring Man and the Sabbath," in which, after saying that the matter "as to what day of the week is to be observed" is not the ques-tion at all, as "that has been settled by the Christian church long since," he de-clared that "the proper observance of this day [ Sunday] is one of the great questions of the hour," and that upon its proper observance depends "the pros-perity of the nation, the welfare of the community, and the peace and happiness of our homes." "The church cannot do otherwise than insist on its religious ob-servance," he said, "for that is God's re-quirement," but, "like the subject of temperance, the Sabbath question is no longer merely a moral or religious one, because the enemies of the Christian Sab-bath have taken it into politics." He ex-plained that the question had been taken "into politics" by those who "work and vote for the abrogation of all laws which now protect this day of rest ;" but of course he did not stop to say that the abrogation of these laws is the only way by .which the question can be gotten out  of politics, and that those who secured these laws in the first place and those who are advocating and supporting them now were the ones who had taken th.e question "into politics" and were keep-ing it there. He said it was estimated that "in this country by rail and mail service alone 800,000 men are deprived of their Sabbath rest," and declared that "to compel men to work on the Sabbath, against their conscience, is destructive of virtue and morality ; by so doing we com-pel them to rob God and then expect them to be honest in other things ; we make them break the Fourth Command-ment and then expect them to keep the eighth." Of course he did not point to a single specific instance where the civil and religious rights of any person were being violated by his being compelled to,  work on the "Sabbath" against his con-scierice. To produce one such individ-ual, to cite one such concrete 'instance, would be worth more on this point than all the ministerial eloquence and asser-tion that can ever be brought to bear up-on it. And when such an instance is found there will be needed no' Sunday legislation and no ministerial agitation to secure an abatement of the outrage. If 