142 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY endorse an attack upon the laws by which the workingman is protected in a weekly day of rest, and that he was op-posed to a step which would open the saloon to the workingman on his day of rest and thereby make the day a curse to him instead of a blessing. The Doctor thought any one of these would have been an excellent and sufficient reason for the stand taken by the Governor, and, at first thought, better than the reason given. But he declared that on second consid-eration it would be seen that the Governor gave one of the very best of reasonsŠthat of loyalty to the teachings he had received as a boy at home and at church. In a way this sounds very well. It will help to get the matter rightly and clearly before one's mind to imagine that Gov-ernor Odell is a Roman Catholic and that the law which he refuses to have altered on the ground that he " was not brought up that way," is a law compelling people to observe, by abstaining from labor and keeping out of the saloons and nearly all other places except churches and cathe-drals, the " holy " days of the Catholic Church, instead of a law compelling peo-ple to pay deference to Sunday. It does not follow that because a person has been brought up in a certain way that he has the right to make everybody else do ex-actly as he does. A man may have been brought up to pray and to attend church regularly ; it does not necessarily follow that it is,his duty to impose by law the same conduct upon others. There are some things with regard to which people can honor their bringing up only in their own personal conduct, and the matter of Sunday observance is one of them. Al-though very rampant in his approval of the Sunday law and of the Governor's attitude with regard to it, Dr. Burrell did not undertake to show how it is that any p,rson, whether as a Christian, an Ameri-can, a friend of temperance, or of the workingman, can have the right or the  duty to favor compulsion of others in the matter of Sunday observance. It is more convenient for him and all other cham-pions of Sunday enforcement to assume that such right exists; even as they justify the Sunday law on the ground that it is on the statute books, and therefore it is, right that it should be there ! From the expressions of opposition that have appeared in Pennsylvania to the " Berkelbach bill " it is not difficult see just what the sentiment is that sup-ports the old Sunday law, and which is of course the sentiment that supports Sunday legislation everywhere else. We learn from the Homestead Press that the measure is an attempt " to repeal those statutes which are really the laws pro-tecting Sabbath observance," and that " those who believe in Sunday observ-ance think the Berkelbach bill only an-other step nearer to the ' open Sabbath,' or that condition of affairs in which it will not even be against the State law to keep all kinds of business houses open on the Sabbath day." It declares that " it behooves those who prefer a quiet Christian Sabbath to bestir themselves." The Pittston Gazette, after saying that the bill " proposes to legalize the running of cars of all kinds, the printing, publish-ing and sale of newspapers, the sale of tobacco, cigars, candies, fruits, meats, etc., on the Sabbath day," declares that " immediate action by all friends of the Christian Sabbath is necessary." The Mt. Carmel News says that the bill " aims to open the Sabbath for nearly all sorts of secular business," and delivers itself thus: The Sabbath law is all right as it is now. What is needed is the better enforcement of the law as it is. One rest day out of seven is not too much for human beings. It is God's command, and no matter what amount of disrespect may be offered the commands of the. Creator, yet that Creator must be settled, with finally, and the settlement will have 