162 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY such support, masquerades as a holiday and a "civil rest day." And human leg-islation enforcing Sabbath observance is an unwarranted invasion of the sanc-tuary of God's holy things. It is there-fore not clear how an organization that is demanding such legislation and enforcement is doing anything to save society from what is declared to be its "gravest danger." The Government and the Vatican Dispatches from Washington an-nounce that Government officials deny that there is any foundation whatever for the reports that have emanated from Rome to the effect that a representative of the American Government was to be accredited to the Vatican. "No such approaches have been made, and the United States has given no indication of either yielding or considering the project." It is said that the "regular and frequent emanation of these, reports from Roman sources leads some officials to the belief that it is desired, by fre-quent publications of the subject, to ac-custom the American mind to the idea." This is more than likely, for the Papacy works in just this manner, and she has been working in just that way on this very thing for a number of years. It will be well if the present very plain manifestations of this policy serve to put the Government on its guard against the entanglements of that power whose cunning has been perfected by centuries of training. Unfortunately the Papacy does not have to rely entirely upon her presumption at this time, for her pre-sumption in recent years has secured for her some precedents in this matter of official relations with the Government that are very much to her advantage and  of no credit to the Government. Just the other day it was announced that Cardinal Gibbons was to have an inter-view with the President regarding af-fairs in the Philippines, and there have been many such interviews and negotia-tions within the last ten years between the representatives of the Papacy and of-ficials of the Government. The way to avoid diplomatic relations with Rome is to avoid any steps what-ever in that direction. But unfortunate-ly some of those who are most skepti-cal regarding these rumors are perfectly willing to go much farther than the first steps in the matter. The Outlook pro-nounces the rumor that an American representative is to be stationed at the Papal court as absurd, and declares that it "may be dismissed as an illustration of the kind of gossip on which news-paper correspondents sometimes feed their readers when there is paucity of news." But nevertheless The Outlook sees "no reason why our Government should not be entirely free to send a special envoy to negotiate with any organiza-tion, political, ecclesiastical, or commer-cial, with which it has occasion to have dealings of any description," and hopes that "the way will open for the Admin-istration to send a special envoy to ne-gotiate with the Vatican respecting the friars' lands in the Philippines." We fail to see why it would be any more proper to send such a special envoy than it would be to accredit a regular representative; and if the last would be, as The Outlook says, "to recognize the Pope as a sovereign and thus give offi-cial approbation to his claim to temporal power," why would not the first be the same? If the Pope's claim to temporal sovereignty is unsound and is not to be recognized, why send a special envoy 