83Ł THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY to the approaching election on the ques-tion of Sunday street-car service; a Sun-day-enforcement agitation and regime that has prevailed of late in Grand Forks, N. Dak.; and the stir that the New Eng-land champions of Sunday enforcement have made over what they term the "open and flagrant violation of statute law" by the Commissioners of Election of Bos-ton, who on Sunday, November 9, re-counted the votes that had been cast in that city on the preceding Tuesday. In a circular letter that it has "mailed to citizens interested in reform in north-ern Wisconsin and Minnesota cities," the Civic Federation that was organized a few months ago in Duluth, Minn., has called upon those addressed to "endeavor to secure the limiting of Sunday labor, and wherever practicable early closing and half holidays for the working classes," to the end that workmen may have "a chance to enjoy their domestic life arid to attend the churches re-freshed." It is stated that the securing of early closing and half holidays "must be done by persuasion and instruction." We wonder why "the limiting of Sunday labor" must not and should not be done in exactly the same way ? The letter concludes with a special appeal to Meth-odist Episcopal ministers "to see that this federation succeeds." It is declared that "the time has come when Christians must unite for the recovery of the Christian American Sabbath, the purifying of municipal politics, the maintaining of law and order, the enforcement of law by the proper officials or their impeachment for malfeasance of office, and the repression by law of the lawless and defiant element which provides or produces the anarch-ists, social, political, and industrial, as well as religious." The Methodist Epis- copal Church, "through its bishops and conferences," is urged in the name of "Christ and our country" to "confer with the bishops of other Episcopal and lead-ers of non-Episcopal churches for the purpose of State federation on these things." We suppose that all religious people who would question the propriety of religious and church people as re-ligious and church people dominating and seeking to dominate political affairs, and especially all religious people who would deny point-blank the right of religious people or any other people to compel the observance of the "Christian American Sabbath," would, in the estimation of the promoters of this federation, be distinctly and unquestionably "religious" "anarch-ists." Such a federation as this will have to be extremely careful, however, or it will become an anarchic force of the first order itself, for as certain as it dominates and attempts to dominate political affairs for ecclesiastical ends, and legislation and enforcement of legislation in behalf of the "Christian American Sabbath" is nothing else than an ecclesiastical end, that is exactly the sort of force it will be in society. It has been reported from Bergen Point, N. J., that several clergymen who had started a crusade against Sunday ball playing were much surprised at the attitude of Priest G. C. Meyer, of St. Henry's Roman Catholic Church, who, when asked for his opinion, declared : "This controversy is silly, and amuses me. The boys should be permitted to play ball on Sunday so long as they cause no annoyance." It is said that the city authorities take the same view, con-sidering it "much better to have the boys and young men at a harmless game than in the saloon." This is, of course, a very sensible view of the matter. Another 