838 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY sion in matters of religion as anybody else. The law has no right to interfere with him on the ground of religion, as is the case when it interferes with him on Sunday for doing what it would not interfere with him for doing on other days. Therefore we deem it as perfectly ap-propriate, and as in no wise committing us to an approval of the business of the liquor dealer, to call attention to, as a part of the Sunday-enforcement crusade to which we are opposed on principle, the enforcement of Sunday laws against sa-loon-keepers. Therefore we present herewith, in this last issue of the year, the following condensed report of in-formation of this sort that we have gath-ered for some months past, and none of which has been given in THE SENTINEL before. The following, with what is reported further on from New York State, are what may be called the completed prose-cutions that we have to report. The of-fense, of course, in each instance was Sunday selling, and only Sunday selling : Duluth, Minn., June 1o, one dealer, fined $30 and costs ; Dawson, Minn., August 26, four dealers, fined $25 and costs each; Renville, Minn., July 28, one dealer, $25 and costs ; Clinton, Iowa, July 7, three dealers, fined $25 and costs ; Dubuque, Iowa, July 3o, one dealer, fined $5o and costs ; Sun Prairie, Wis., July 17, one firm, fined $25 and costs ; Temple, Texas, July 17, one dealer, fined $50 and costs ; three others had previously been fined. Incomplete prosecutions, outcome of trials not known : Baltimore, Md., June 2, one dealer held for trial under $500 bail ; same city, August 5, one dealer held for trial under bail ; same city, August 12, one dealer held for trial under $5oo bail ; Newark, N. J., May 19, two deal-ers held for trial in police court ; Wilton, Wis., August 17, one dealer held for  trial; Clinton, Iowa, June 26, one dealer held for trial; Omaha, Neb., September 22, two dealers held for trial. At Lin-coln, Ill., on June 12, a special grand jury indicted twenty-two saloon-keepers and one druggist "for selling liquor on Sunday ;" each person held for trial under bail of $2oo each. In September Merritt B. Furry, proprietor of the rail-road eating house in Wilmington, Del., was indicted for selling liquor on Sun-day ; he committed suicide very shortly after. At the term of circuit court which began at Yankton, S. Dak., on Novem-ber 12, one dealer was to be tried "for keeping his saloon open on Sunday." In addition to the above at some time during the summer or fall strict Sunday closing of saloons has been ordered by the authorities or agitated for by others in the following places : Knoxville, Tenn.; Elwood, Ind.; Salina, Kans. ; Davenport, Iowa; Minnesota Lake and Pine Island, Minn. ; Salem and Water-town, S. Dak.; Corsicanna, Dallas, and Wharton, Texas. For some time State Commissioner of Excise Cullinan, of New York, has been favoring the newspapers of the State with frequent bulletins concerning the work of his department. These bulletins have consisted almost entirely of brief statements of the cases of liquor dealers against whom he has secured judgment in court for some violation of the Liquor Tax Law (the "Raines law"), and whose licenses, and in many cases surety bonds, have been forfeited in consequence. From the bulletins sent out since the first of May we find that sixty-six liquor deal-ers or firms have been deprived of their licenses, and have been made to pay in fines and costs and bond forfeitures amounts ranging from $50 to as high as $2,065, but the average amount was something above $1,000.. Of these fifty-six dealers or firms the only offense of 