THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 475 ordering the newspapers stopped immediately. The pastors are now bending their energies toward de-stroying the circulation of the paper and are person-ally circulating papers ordering subscriptions discon-tinued for signatures of all subscribers amenable to pastoral admonition. The newspaper is owned by a stock company, comprised of the leading bankers, min-ing and professional men of the district." German newspapers bitterly arraign President Mc-Kinley for his reply to the Chinese request for inter-vention. When it was announced that under certain condi-tions the President would accede to the Chinese ap-peals, the most moderate of the organs declared Mr. McKinley was presuming too much. For instance, the Hanover Courier declared that to treat with China in such a manner was treason to the other allies and should result in the enforced with-drawal of American troops from the international force. Had Mr. McKinley not held back the exact conditions on which the American government would interfere, such criticism might not have been offered, but as it is, the German papers continue to denounce the administration. * The New York Evening Post, speaking of Lord Salisbury's address to the missionaries meeting in London, in which he practically implied that the im-prudence of missionaries in China was a contributing cause to the existing troubles, says : "But one at least of the missionary boards has taken up this challenge of the British premier. The secretary of the China Inland Mission wrote to the press to explain how the rules of his society explicitly directed missionaries to refrain from appealing to British consuls to 'demand the vindication of real or supposed rights.' The regulations add : 'Under no circumstances may any missionary on his own responsi-bility make any written appeal to the British or other foreign authorities.' The China Inland Mission has been in existence thirty-five years, and in that time has planted one hundred and twenty-five stations in ten of the interior provinces. Its missionaries have gone far beyond the reach of gunboats ; yet in all this time only one missionary has lost his life through the violence of the people. On the other hand, British consuls have testified in the most unmistakable terms to the value of the work of the Inland Mission in con-ciliating the natives, so that they observe a more friendly attitude toward all foreigners. If Lord Salis-bury were to apply his cynical analysis to diplomacy in China, and to the seizure of Chinese territory, by nom-inally Christian nations, he would come nearer the ex-citing cause of the outbreak." Fourth Assistant Postmaster General Bristow's re-port detailing conditions as he found them in the  Cuban postal service has been made public, and reveals the existence of a state of affairs almost without a parallel. Mr. Bristow does not spare any of the minor thieves like Neely and his confederates. He also makes complete exposure of Rathbone, the director general, who was suspended last month. Mr, Bristow finds that Neely's embezzlements ag-gregated at least $131,713, and says this will be in-creased by the discovery of additional sales of sur-charged stamps, but will not exceed $15o,000 in the aggregate. Mr. Bristow says he was justified in recommending the removal of Director General Rathbone. There is no doubt that in the matter of unauthorized per diem allowances, personal expenses and warrants cashed and unaccounted for he unlawfully appropriated to his own use money of the Cuban revenues. * * The Chinese doctrine of "public sin," described as follows by a writer in the Forum, is based upon the same wisdom which moves some people in the United States to charge upon others or upon the Government the responsibility for public calamities : "In China there is a failure in duty known as 'pub-lic sin,' which means the sin of an official in allowing calamities such as floods or drouths or famines to visit the people. An officer temporarily deprived of his rank until he should repair the breach in the bank of a river, caused by excessive rains, said to the writer, `It is difficult to escape public sin.' Li Hung Chang, viceroy of the province, was deprived of his yellow jacket for the same 'sin.' An official had just been appointed to take charge of repairs on the Yellow River, when a more serious breach occurred. In re-porting the matter he humbly acknowledged his sin and begged the emperor to fix his punishment. The emperor forgave him for the reason that he had just entered upon his office, and so was not fully responsi-ble for what had taken place." "Allies Are Now at Odds." Under this heading, a London dispatch of recent date says: The latest news from China is very disquieting; it is said that there is considerable dissension among the allies on account of Russia's attempts to control the railway between Taku and Peking. It is reported that the czar's officers have intimated that they intend to control the lines of communication until the war is over. After that they say they will restore the railway to the Chinese. At the same time the French are said to be en-deavoring to obtain a monopoly of the tug-boat serv-ice on the Peiho river, with the intention of sharing Russia's complete domination of the right of way to the Chinese capital. 