292 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. So faithfully did He hold to that principle that when a man asked Him only, "Speak to my brother, that he divide the inheritance with me," He refused, with the words, "Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you ?" and then said to them all, "Take heed and beware of covetousness ; for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth." Luke 12:13-15. Oh, if only all who have professed to be His followers had held aloof from all affairs of politics and the state, how vastly different would have been the history of the Christian era! What a blessing it would have been to the world ! What floods of misery and woe mankind would have been spared!  WHY JESUS KEPT ALOOF FROM POLITICS. And why was it that Jesus thus persistently kept aloof from all affairs of politics and the state? Was it because all things political, judicial, and governmental were conducted with such perfect propriety, and with such evident justice, that there was no place for any-thing better, no room for improvement such as even He might suggest ? Not by any means. Never was there more political corruption, greater perversion of justice, and essential all-pervasive evil of administra-tion, than at that time. Why, then, did not Jesus call for "municipal reform ?" Why did He not organize a "Law and Order League ?" Why did He not disguise himself and make tours of the dives and the gambling dens, and entrap victims into violation of the law? And why did he not employ other spies to do the same, in order to get against the representatives of the law evidence of maladministration by which to arraign them and to compel them to enforce the law, and thus reform the city, regenerate society, and save the state, and so establish the kingdom of God ? Why ? The people were ready to do anything of that kind that might be suggested. They were ready to cooperate with him in any such work of "reform." Indeed, the people were so forward and so earnest in the matter that they would have actually taken Him by force and made Him King, had He not withdrawn Himself from them. John 6:15. Why, then, did he refuse? The answer to all this is, Because He was Christ, the Savior of the world, and had come to help men, not to oppress them ; had come to save men, not to destroy them. "The government under which Jesus lived was corrupt and oppressive; on every hand were crying abuses,Šextortion, intolerance, and grinding cruelty. Yet the Savior attempted no civil reforms. He attacked no national abuses, nor condemned the national enemies. He did not interfere with the au-thority or administration of those in power. He who was our Example kept aloof from earthly governments Šnot because He was indifferent to the woes of men, but because the remedy did not lie in merely human  and external measures. To be efficient, the cure must reach men individually and must regenerate the heart. "Not by the decisions of courts, or councils, or legislative assemblies, not by the patronage of worldly great men, is the kingdom of Christ established ; but by the implanting of Christ's nature in humanity through the work of the Holy Spirit. 'As many as received Him, to them gave He power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe .on His name ; which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.' Here is the only power that can work the uplifting of mankind. And the human agency for the accomplishment of this work is the teaching and the practicing of the Word of God."ŠDesire of Ages, chap. 55. CHRIST OUR EXAMPLE. Now Christ is the true Example set by God for every soul in this world to follow. The conduct of Christ is Christianity.., Conformity to that Example in the conduct of the individual believerŠthis and this alone, is Christianity in the world. The conduct of Christ, the Example, was totally separate in all things from politics and the affairs of the state. Christianity, therefore, is the total separation of the believer in Christ from politics and all the affairs of the state, the total separation of religion and the state in the indi-vidual believer. Accordingly, Jesus said to His disciples forever, "Ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world." John 5:19. And to His Father He said of His disciples forever, "They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. As He is, so are we in this world." I John 4:17. "It is enough for the disciple that he be as his Master." The following passage from a sermon by the late Thomas Hewlings Stockton presents an infinity of truth, and is worthy to stand forever in letters ablaze with eternal glory : "There was one sacrifice too great for Christ to make. He was willing to leave the throne of the uni-verse for the manger of Bethlehem ; willing to grow up as the son of a poor carpenter; willing to be called the friend of publicans and sinners ; willing to be watched with jealous eyes, and slandered by lying tongues, and hated by murderous hearts, and betrayed by friendly hands, and denied by pledged lips, and re-jected by apostate priests and a deluded populace and cowardly princes ; willing to be sentenced to the cross, and be nailed to the cross, and bleed and groan and thirst and die on the cross. But he was not willing to wear an earthly crown or robe, or wield an earthly scepter, or exercise earthly rule. That would have been too great a sacrifice. He did, indeed, endure the crown of thorns and the cast-off purple and the reed, and the cry, 'Hail, King of the Jews !' But this was merely because he preferred the mockery to the reality ; so pouring infinite contempt on the one, not only by rejecting it in the beginning of his ministry, but also. by accepting the other at its close." 