EDITORIAL 261 as private concerns paid extra for Sun-day work. The object of the bill was " to secure proper compensation for the man who is called upon to work overtime for the city." Messrs. Kneeland and Bottsford and other representatives of the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Protective League were present and ob-jected to the bill on the ground that " to put such a law upon the statute books would be to partly sanction such Sabbath labor," and " would be an in-centive to workmen to try and secure Sunday work." This is another instance which throws light upon the pretension of the champions of Sunday legislation and enforcement that their chief concern in the matter is for the " poor working-man," and which also illustrates the vigilance with which they guard the legal " protection " of that which is the real object of their concern. 0 At a meeting of the association of Congregational ministers of Chicago on April 6 several speakers " deplored " the action of the two mayoralty candi-dates in the late campaign in making political speeches and soliciting votes on Sunday." There was "hearty applause" when Rev. D. F. Fox, of the California Avenue Congregational Church, de-clared : " Friends, electioneering on the Sabbath is wrong and should not be. It has a wrong tendencyŠa tendency to destroy the sacredness of the day rather than to upbuild it." Perhaps Messrs. Harrison and Stewart thought it would be perfectly proper to use the " civil sabbath " for civil purposes. When brought to the test the friends of the " civil sabbath " never fail to exhibit the fact that it is " the sacredness of the day " about which they are concerned Šthat it is a religious and not a civil in-stitution that they are seeking " to up-build." A dispatch from Baltimore which ap-peared in the newspapers on the t5th con-veyed the information that " President Roosevelt has sent to Cardinal Gibbons and His Eminence has forwarded by spe-cial messenger to Pope Leo XIII. a gift to be presented to the Holy Father on the celebration of his jubilee." The mes-senger, " a clergyman," " sailed from New York for Naples " on the 14th. The gift consisted of " ten handsomely bound volumes containing all the messages and official documents of the Presidents of the United States from Washington to Roosevelt," and accompanying it were sent " autograph letters from the Presi-dent and Cardinal Gibbons to His Holi-ness." Thus we have another item in the growing and significant intimacy between the United States Government and the Papacy. 0 A member of the New York legislature is reported to have declared : " I am against every bill which, if enacted, would break down the 'American Sabbath.' " The New York World observes that " if by the 'American Sabbath' is meant the old Puritan SundayŠa day on which all labor and pleasure were forbiddenŠthere is no such thing left in any of our large cities." Those who have so much to say about the "American Sabbath " are fight-ing the "American Sabbath " of to-day and trying to preserve and enforce the "American Sabbath " of two or three hundred years ago. They will learn some day that the "American Sabbath " is a changeable institution. " It is not hard to believe that Pius IX. was a Christian, and it is easy to believe that Leo XIII. is a saint," said Rev. Charles Wood, D.D., pastor of the Second Presbyterian Church of Philadelphia, in a sermon preached on the evening of March 8. His subject was " The Roman Catholic Church," and the sermon 'was 