848 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY independent statement of his own, and it is so unique that we present it just as it was printed in the Wells Forum: The best citizens, irrespective of nationality and creed, for a long time have been pained to witness many of our stores open on Sun-days as an inducement and temptation to those who come to church, to buy goods before and after services. The proprietors of these stores are therefore mildly reminded to dis-continue hereafter such sales on Sundays and to keep their stores closed. Nor will the merchants lose anything by closing on Sun-days, but, on the contrary, endear themselves to the public at large; for those in need of clothes or groceries, unable to buy them on Sundays, will buy them on week days. There-fore we hope that hereafter every merchant will keep his store closed on Sundays and save its the trouble to have recourse to law. It seems that as a result of the some-what sensational attempt of clergymen of Nebraska City, Neb., to prevent Sunday ball playing in that city, which was de- scribed in the September SENTINEL, the Supreme Court of the State is to pass upon the matter of Sunday ball playing. Two of the ball players who were ar-rested at Nebraska City on July 13, Harry Seay and Ben Meyers, filed an ap-peal in the supreme court at Lincoln on September 1o. The Lincoln Journal, of. September II, said that the same ques-tion was brought before the Supreme Court from Lancaster county several years ago, and made this comment with regard to the present and former case : The two players sought to secure their lib-erty after the arrest by habeas corpus proceed-ings. They were brought before Judge Paul Jessen, who denied the writ and remanded them to the custody of Sheriff Charles E. Shrader. They were arrested on the charge of unlawful sporting and playing baseball on Sun-day. One point in their defense is that the complaint against them does not state an of-fense under the law. If the case comes to trial the meaning of "sporting" as used in the statutes will be one of the important ques- tions involved. Maj. Charles E. Magoon, of Lincoln, now of the War Department, and a distinguished authority on military law and insular relations, was one of the attorneys in the Lancaster county baseball suit. In defense of the baseball players he delved into biblical as well as legal lore to prove that the boys were not "sporting." Judge Maxwell decided that Sunday baseball was prohibited by law. As a result of an agitation for closed butcher shops on Sunday, at the begin-ning of which "Meat Cutters' Local Union No. 82, by unanimous vote, made a demand on organized labor that its members do not patronize butchers who keep their shops open on Sunday," the city council of Council Bluffs, Iowa, re-cently passed an ordinance "prohibiting open butcher shops on Sunday from Oc-tober I to May 1." Some of the pro-prietors of meat markets "refused to abide by the provisions of the ordinance," contending that it was "unconstitutional, as it discriminates against one class of merchants alone." On October 29 these butchers "were called into court by the city authorities to explain why they should not be punished for violating the ordinance by keeping their places of busi-ness open on Sunday." Thereupon these butchers announced that they would re-taliate by inaugurating a crusade for "the strict enforcement of the State and city laws concerning Sunday observance upon all other stores, such as groceries, cigar stores, saloons, barber shops, and other places, and against all kinds of labor." "A Puritan Sunday for Council Bluffs" was then predicted. But the butchers who had been ordered to close were also at work in another direction, having de-termined to test the ordinance itself. They organized and employed counsel, and the matter was soon brought before Judge Scott in the superior court, who decided at once "that the ordinance was invalid on the ground that it was directed 