2o4 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ing to Gesenius, is equivalent to 'the ex-tremely impious rebel.' " Nimrod was the first man who wore a kingly crown. By him there was estab-lished among men the principle of human sovereignty. By him was begun king-ship among men in this world : the ruler-ship of man over man, and subjection of man to man, instead of the rulership of man over himselfŠself-governmentŠand subjection of man to God only. Nor was it only kingship that was by Nimrod begun; not merely kingship or sovereignty over a single city or terri-tory, but sovereignty over separate peo-ples and territories. For though "the beginning of his kingdom" was the im-portant cities and territories of "Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar," his ambition of kingly rule was not satisfied with these; but "out of that land he went forth into Assyria, and builded Nineveh, and Reho-both-Tr, and Calah, and Resen between Nineveh and Calah." Thus- it was not only kingship. but kingship expanded into empire, that was begun by Nimrod in the world. Through a long period of ages Nim-rod's example was followed, through the rise and expansion into empire of Elam, Egypt, Assyria, Babylon, and Grecia. Then there arose a people who threw off and utterly repudiated all kingship and all idea of kingship; set up a claim of the principle of self-government; and se es-tablished a republicŠthe republic of RomeŠa government of the people, by the people, for the people. But this government of the people, abandoning its claimed principle of self-government, likewise expanded into em-pire, degenerated into monarchy and imperial despotism, then to such utter corruption that in terrible ruin it was swept totally from the earth. From the tribes of barbarians who ac-complished the destruction of Rome, there were established ten distinct king-doms in the territory that had been Roman. ThusŁ there was again estab-lished the principle of distinct kingship in government in the world. Then again, through a period of ages, kingship expanded into empire in a suc-cession of rises and falls, when, in 1776, there arose another people who threw off and utterly repudiated all kingship and all idea of kingship; proclaimed the principle of self-government; and so es-tablished another republicŠthe republic of the United StatesŠa government of the people, by the people, for the people. And now this second great republic, which arose upon the repudiation of kingship; upon the proclamation of the principle of sel r ,sovernment; and upon the establishment of government of the people, has also expanded into empire. Thus the whole history of this world from Nimrod's day unto this year 1902 is expressed in two series of kingships expanding into empire, each followed by the total repudiation of kingship by the enunciation of the principle of self-gov-ernment and the establishment of a re-publicŠa government of the people, by the people, for the peopleŠand each of these itself expanding into empire : the first, expanding into empire and irre-trievable ruin; the second, expanding into empire and what? This is an interesting parallel. It is more than interesting: it is intensely suggestive, because the parallel stands, not only in the fact that twice in the world's history has a long period of kingship been followed by the utter re-pudiation of kingship in the establish-ment of a republic, but the parallel like-wise stands in the careers of these two republicsŠeven to close details. 