314 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY question" in one day recently, and a few days later a general public meeting was addressed by Bishop Talbot, who "spoke in advocacy of cessation from all unnec-essary labor on the Sabbath day." Saloons in New York are acknowl-edged to be quite generally open for customers on Sundays, notwithstanding the prediction. that has been made from week to week that the "driest Sunday" in years was at hand. About thirty or forty of New York's thousands of saloon-keepers are arrested each Sunday, and this is about the extent of the effort that is being made by the authorities to en-force the Sunday closing law. The Meadville (Pa.) Republican says that at a recent meeting "the Ministerial Association of Youngstown decided to abolish Sunday funerals, but didn't de-cide how this was to be accomplished." Surely they will not hesitate to call on the legislature to make Sunday funerals an offense "against the peace and dignity of the State!" This is the "how" now-a-days with regard to almost everything that the ministers desire to stop on Sun-days. The Richmond (Va.) Times of Feb-ruary 28 contained this item : "Com-monwealth Attorney John W. Stephen-son, of Bath County, had Joe Kampson, a contractor on the Homestead Hotel at the Hot Springs, arrested for working five carpenters on Sundays on that build-ing. The contractor 'agreed with the Virginia Hot Springs Company to re-build the Homestead Hotel by March 1st, and was behind on the work. No indict-ment was made against the carpenters, only the contractor. He was fined to the full extent in each case and costs." The barbers of Pine Bluff, Ark., have been prohibited from pursuing "their avocation on the Sabbath day" by an or-der recently issued by the prosecuting attorney. The Commercial of that place says that the barbers' association has somewhat reluctantly decided to sub-mit and obey the letter and spirit of the law," and have signed an agreement "that they will have arrested any barber who shaves any man on Sunday, no mat-ter what the cause may be." Ł A dispatch to the Galveston (Texas) News from Navasota, Texas, under date of March 2, read : "Constable Fanister gave the drug store proprietors notice that they must refrain from selling any-thing but drugs, and the saloon men must keep their doors closed on Sundays, so to-day these places of business are abid-ing by the law and closed tighter than known in the history of the town. Even the boot-blacks were prevented from do-ing business, and made to take their boot-black stands off of the sidewalks." Ł The barbers of Worcester, Mass., are manifesting considerable opposition to two bills that have been introduced in the Massachusetts legislature. One of these bills provides that it shall be lawful for barber shops on the premises of licensed innkeepers to keep open on Sundays until noon. The other simply provides that barbers and boot-blacks may carry on their business on Sundays until one o'clock. Barbers elsewhere throughout the State are said to be opposed to the bills, claiming that they "are entitled to one day of rest in the week." Ł In announcing a "Sabbath observance meeting" for March 6 the New Bedford (Mass.) Standard said : "A general 