SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT. 849 against the butchers as a class." It is said that the butchers' union then decided "not to bring action against the Sunday butchers under the State law" for the present, but "as long as the weather con-tinues warm to let matters run along as they are." The union butchers of Des Moines, Iowa, are reported to be jubilant over a Sunday-closing victory they have just won in that city. Early in Novem-ber, on complaint. of representatives of the butchers' union, Mr. Ed. Baker, a butcher, was arrested for keep-ing his shop open on Sunday. The prosecution was brought under the State Sunday law, the butchers determining to make a test case of the matter. On No-vember 12 the case "was comprehensively argued by attorneys" before Judge Sil-vari. Counsel for Mr. Baker admitted that he "had opened his shop on Sunday morning and remained there waiting upon customers," but, on the ground that Mr. Baker's customers did not possess re-frigerators and that the weather was such that they "had every reason to believe that if they purchased meat and took it home on Saturday it might be tainted be-fore it could be used on Sunday," it was claimed that what Mr. Baker did was necessary, and should be considered "in the same light as that of the milkmen who deliver milk on the Sabbath day." Coun-sel for the butchers' union contended that the delivery and sale of meat on Sunday was not necessary, inasmuch as "experts have testified that meat will keep over twenty-four hours." In rendering his decision the magistrate declared that it did not appear from the testimony of the witnesses that "it was absolutely neces-sary for them to have the meat on the Sabbath day," and therefore that the delivery and sale of meat by the defend-ant on the date specified was not neces- sary. A fine was imposed upon Mr. Baker. "Under this decision it is im-probable that any butcher will keep his meat shop open on the Sabbath day." The union butchers are jubilant in the knowledge "that their agreement is sup-ported by law, and that they can prose-cute in court the butchers who do not live up to union rules." We wonder how long it will be before unions will be able to prosecute in court persons who do not bow to other union rules that are equally as high-handed as this one of Sunday closing. A union of butchers has no more right to impose a rule of Sunday closing upon persons in that business who do not wish to conform to such rules than has a union of workingmen to impose its rules and strike orders upon workingmen who do not wish to conform to such rules and orders. The mayor and recorder of Lamoni, Iowa, gave notice on October 9, that the following ordinance had just been en-acted by the town council and that it would "be in full force" from that date forward : AN ORDINANCE TO PREVENT BREACH OF THE SABBATH.ŠBe it ordered by the town council of the incorporated town of Lamoni, Iowa, that any person who shall be found on the first day of the week, called Sunday, engaged in carry-ing firearms, dancing, hunting, shooting, horse-racing, or in any manner disturbing a worship-ing assembly or private family, or in buying or selling property of any kind, or in any labor except that of necessity or charity, he shall be fined not more than five nor less than one dol-lar, and be imprisoned until the fine with the cost of prosecution shall be paid; but nothing herein shall be construed to extend to those who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, or to prevent persons traveling or families immigrating from pursu-ing their journey. Four persons were arrested and fined for violating this ordinance on the Sun-day following its proclamation, two "for 