THE RELIGION AND PUBLIC EDUCATION ISSUEŠII 745 ment on that point as pretty well all assertion and very litle fact. The Times' discussion of the matter evoked com-munications from a number of corres-pondents who heartily seconded its atti-tude. We quote from two of these communications : The "denominational school" idea is an old one, and there are arguments in its favor, but what a division of energy would result from the adoption of its methods ! In all justice, our Hebrew brethren would be entitled to Hebrew schools; then we would have Catholic schools, Baptist schools, Congregational schools, Christian Science schools, Spiritualistic schools, and other institu-tions of learning of all shades of belief and unbelief, supported from the public treasury and owing a divided alle-giance to the various boards of educa-tion on the one hand and to "bishops and other ministers" on the other. Many of the schools would, of neces-sity, be very small and more or less select. Others would be large and im-posing. There would be more prin-Cipals and teachers, and less oppor-tunity to grade such principals and teachers according to ability, than there is at present. Personally the writer was but recently informed by a person who for years attended church schools that the public schools of the city are decidedly preferable, from an educa-tional viewpoint. The denominational system would become more difficult as it was extended to high schools and public academic institutions. . As a matter of fact the cause of re-ligion suffers most among the young because neither parents nor churches do their duty. Among our "Bedford gangs" and other conglomerations of young disorderlies we have boys who were educated in, church schools and private schools, as well as in public schools. The school can never usurp the domain of a worthy father and mother. The churches can never, by denouncing the schools, rid themselves of the duty of "going out into the high-ways and byways" and attracting the young to the houses of worship. Viciousness is a word associated most  distinctly in the minds of the com-munity in general with the kind of depravity that has its natural se-quences in degraded living among the lowest resorts of our social life, and its final consequences in the criminal courts, the prison and the gallows. That the vast machinery of the public schools of this country systematically works Š or threatens to work Š this final ruin in the lives of those who are trained by it is a statement that should rouse every citizen of our great repub-lic into an interest and a concern more active than if an invasion of the com-bined forces of the world threatened our national welfare. The crucial point of the controversy in this matter lies in the right answer-ing of the question: Does secular edu-cation exclude the development of the-moral sense as well as the religious. sense? Does the training of the mental faculties alone play no part in the de-velopment of the conscience ? The lack of conscience or the perversion of it is the first condition in the course of a life of viciousness. Is it not within the jurisdiction of the authorities to prove whether or not the largest num-ber of vicious lives coming under their cognizance is on the side of secular edu-cation as organizd in our public school system? It would surely be worth an immense amount of trouble and re-search if actual results could be got at by statistics in answering these mo-mentous questions. The results of such an investigation would support "the secular school sys-tem" and not "the attack on it by Car-dinal Gibbons," according to another correspondent, who desired "to have the mooted question investigated and the comparative merits of the two sys-temsŠthe secular and the religiousŠauthortatively determined and set at rest" : No advocate of the secular system of education need have anything to fear as 'to the results of such an investi-gation. It was a reaction from the evils of church schools and government by the church that led our forefathers 