198 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Do You Need a New Bible? If you do, then here are some facts and figures which will interest you. The prices quoted here are not the regular retail prices, but our Special (Reduced Prices. Make your selection and order at once. STYLE A 100. This Bible is of convenient size for carrying (5x7 1-4 inches) and the type is easily read (see specimen herewith). The binding is French Morocco with overlapping edges, and the Bible has round corners, red under gold edges, and is silk setPn. It contains References, Con-cordance, Index, Self-Pronouncing Dictionary of Proper Names, Maps and other Handy Helps aggregating over 300 pages. Price $i.00ŠPostage 15c additional. STYLE A lot. Printed from same plates as Style A100, but has no Helps, except the References. It is bound in Persian Levant, with overlapping edges, is leather lined to edge, silk sewed, round corners, red under gold edges, and is printed on the famous India Paper, noted for its being thin yet strong and opaque. This is the thinnest Reference "Bible in the worldŠonly 5-8 inch thick. Jus right to carry in the coat pocket (4 3-4x6 7-8 inches), weighs only 12 ounces and yet the type is large and easily read by any one with ordinary eyesight. A beauty and a bargain. Price $3.00ŠPostage 12c additional. David's thirst for God. PSALMS. Hepraiseth God for his 'race. 10 Trust not in oppression and be- come not vain in robbery : "if riches increase, set not your heart upon them. 11 heard spoken once ; twice have Ia this; that *power be-longeth. unto God. 2 or, tee are entite{ by avhick they have throughly searched. a Job 31. 25. L2.7.. 6 They search out iniquities; 2  they accomplish 3a diligent search: both the inward thought of every one of them, and the heart, is deep. 7 But God shall shoot at them with, an arrow; suddenly bshall they be SPECIMEN OF TYPE IN STYLES A 100 AND A 101. STYLE A 200. For those who desire a larger type than our Style A 100 we offer this beautiful clear type edition. It is 6x8 1-2 inches in size, is bound in full French Morocco with overlapping edges, leather lined, and has round corners, red under gold edges. It has the "Self-Pronouncing" text with References, Concordance, and all the other Handy Helps contained in Style A 100. Price $1.50ŠPostage 25c additional. Solomon's chief officers. I. KINGS, 4. Solomon's great wisdom. B.C. 1014. a  eh. 5. 14. 2 or, levy. 3 lieb. bread. 4 Heb. core. 6 And A-hr-shar., was over the household : and Ad-ii-nii-ram the son of Ab'-da was over the ' tri-bute. 7 ¶ And Sol'-§-mon had twelve officers over all IS'-ra-el, which pro-vided victuals for the king and his household : each man his month in a year made provision.  brought presents, and served SOY-6-mon all the days of his life. 22 ¶ And Sol!-O-mon's 3provision for one day was thirty 'measures of fine flour, and threescore measures of meal, 23 Ten fat oxen, and twenty oxen out of the pastures, and an hundred sheep, beside harts, and roebucks. SPECIMEN OF TYPE IN STYLE A 200. We can supply hundreds of other styles and sizes of Bibles ranging in price from 25 cents to $25.00. Send description of what you want and some idea of price and we will send full particulars. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th St., New York City. 