604 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY or the opinions of some founder of a religion. There is no such book in existence as a uni-versal bible, which would appeal to all people, in all climes, at all times. With the truth or efficacy of any of the ver-sions of the Bible this opinion does not deal. In endeavoring to determine the law on the subject I have no concern with the truth or error of the doctrines of any sect. I am to be guided solely by the Constitution and laws of this State now in force. I am not called upon to decide what religious doctrines, if any, ought to be taught, or where, by whom, or to whom it would be best they should be taught. These are questions which belong to the people and to other departments of the government. I have no doubt that the Bible to which you refer in your request for an opinion is the King James version, which is in very com-mon use in this country. My opinion will be confined to a discussion of the question as to whether the reading or the use of this version of the Bible in the public schools as a text-book would contravene the Constitution and Political Code of the State. Equality of Religious Freedom GuaranteedŠPublic Support of Sectarian Instruction Prohibited Article I, Section 4, of the Constitution of 1879, provides as follows: The free exercise and enjoyment of religious profession and worship, without discrimination or preference, shall be forever guaranteed in this State. . . . Article IX, Section 8, provides as follows: No public money shall ever be appropriated for the support of any sectarian or denomina-tional school, or any school not under the ex-clusive control of the officers of the public schools; nor shall any sectarian or denomi-national doctrine be taught, or instruction thereon be permitted, directly or indirectly, in any of the common schools of this State. Section 1672, Political Code, was passed to effectuate the above provision of the Con-stitution, and reads as follows: No publication of a sectarian, partisan, or denominational character must be used or dis-tributed in any school, or be made a part of any school library ; nor must any sectarian or denominational doctrine be taught therein. Any school district, town or city, the officers of which knowingly allow any schools to be taught in violation of these provisions, forfeits all right to any State or county apportionment of school moneys; and upon satisfactory evi-dence of such violation the superintendent of public instruction and school sunerintendent must withhold both State and county appor-tionments. All Religions Equal Before the Law and None-- Specifically ChristianityŠLegally Established in this Country It is well settled that neither Christianity-nor any other system of religion is part of the laws of this State or of the United States. Cooley says in his "Constitutional Limitations," Chap. XIII, p. 472: Christianity is not a part of the law of the land in any sense which entitles the courts toŁ take notice of and base their judgments upon it, except so far as they can find that its pre-cepts and principles have been incorporated in and made a component part of the positive law of the State. Also on page 469, he says: Those things which are not lawful under any of the American constitutions may be stated thus: 1. Any law respecting an establishment of religion. The legislatures have not been left at liberty to effect a union of church and state, or to establish preferences by law in favor of any one religious persuasion or mode of worship. There is not complete religious liberty where any one sect is favored by the State and given an advantage by law over other sects. Whatever establishes a distinction against one class or sect is to the ex-tent to which the distinction operates unfa-vorably, a persecution, and if based on re-ligious grounds, a religious persecution. It is not mere toleration which is established in our system, but religious equality. 2. Com-pulsory support, by taxation or otherwise, of religious instruction. Not only is no one de-nomination to be favored at the expense of the rest, but all support of religious instruc-tion must be entirely voluntary. It is not with-in the sphere of government to coerce it. Our constitutional theory regards all re-ligions, as such, as equally entitled to protection and equally unentitled to preference. Where there is no ground or necessity upon which a principle can rest but a religious one, then the Constitution steps in and says that it shall not be enforced by authority of law. (Ex parte Newman, 9 Cal. 513; Ex parte Andrews, 18 Cal. 684; State ex rel. Nevada Orphan Asylum vs. Hallock, 16 Nev. 373.) Ex parte Newman was overruled by later decisions, but not in the fundamental principles laid down as regards religious doctrines. We may also refer to Article II of the Treaty with Tripoli, concluded November 4, 1796 (8 U. S. Stats. at Large, 155) : "As the government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion," etc. It is therefore clear that the Christian re-ligion, as such, has no preference under the law of the State over any other religion, though its precepts may have largely molded the common law upon which our laws are 