7817 offnell OffilffilSTMIU L110E2717 Vol.. XVII I NEW YORK, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1903 No. 6      A law compelling rest by all leaves no right of rest to any. Ł "Theology is a matter for the individual and not for the state." The rights of one man cannot be pro-tected by taking away the rights of an-other. Ł He best maintains his own rights who is most careful to respect the rights of others. Ł An invasion of the rights of one person or class is an invasion of the rights of all persons and classes. The conscientious convictions of one person are entitled to as much regard as are the conscientious convictions of another. Ł Human rights are the same upon all days, and therefore it cannot be that upon the first day of the week they dwindle down to the mere " right of rest." 4,  Civil officials, yes, and even clergy-men, are getting somewhat out of their proper sphere when they undertake " to preserve the integrity of the Sabbath." If the Sabbath is a divine institution, if it is indeed the " Lord's day," let it not be doubted that the Lord Will take care of its integrity without man's assistance. The policy of legal " protection " for the " Sabbath " is a policy of monopoly. The Sunday law is a measure for killing all competition with the Sunday sabbath. Ł When the right to work on Sunday is taken away there can remain no right to rest, for that upon which both are basedŠthe right to use the day as one choosesŠis taken away. Ł Sunday seems to be the busiest day of the week with most of the advocates of " Sunday rest." They work hard on Sun-day not in order that others may rest, out in order that they may be made to " rest." " Thwe ought to be room in thi:- world for all the consciences in it, without any encroachment upon the rights of any ; and there would be if all men, in their rela-tions to each other, would be content to exercise their own rights of conscience. This would leave every man free to de-termine religious questions for himself, and, as the necessary consequence, relieve every man from all impositions, burdens, taxes, or disabilities arising from the de-termination of such questions by others." Ł A bill prohibiting the playing of foot-ball under severe penalties, and under which " the standing of the football player is even worse than that of a crim-inal," was recently introduced into the 