EDITORIAL 639 on Sunday, even if my efforts develop enemies who will close my own." The men then approached James Westcott, the senior member of the firm of Westcott, Welch & Jolly, proprietors of the Manhattan Club. He heard his friends out and then in his resonant Yankee twang, said : "Gentlemen, I'm not running your business. It keeps me pretty busy attending to my own, but there will be no Sunday play in this house while I am connected with it. Furthermore, not even the restaurant will be open. My house will be closed on Saturday at midnight and not so much as a scrub woman will cross its threshold until Monday morning. I don't .propose to make myself or my business an of-fense to the morals of even the humblest citi-zen of or visitor to this town. That's the kind of a Yankee notion I am." The practical result of this general observ-ance of Sunday is that sports and scholars, preachers and gamblers, dwell in peace and harmony in the same community. Each at-tends to his own business and does not inter-fere with the other. It is probably true that in no resort in the world gather at same time so many soldiers of the cross and soldiers of fortune as gather in Saratoga in the sum-mer, and they are the most prominent repre-sentatives of both callings. Canfield is at his club, and on the brow of the hill overlooking the club the Rev. Dr. Her-rick Johnson of Chicago, a former Moderator of the Presbyterian General Assembly and chairman of the Committee on Revision of the Westminster Confession, is spending the sum-mer at Temple Grove. "Big Jim" Kennedy is running the Chicago Club, and the Rev. Dr. Theodore L. Cuyler is stopping at Strong's Sanitarium. Sol Lichtenstein is at Congress Hall, and the Rev. Dr. Witherow, perhaps the most prominent Presbyterian clergyman in New England, is at the Vermont House. So it happens that Saratoga may be mad and bad and glad for six days in the week, but she is very, very good on Sunday. We had heard that there were gam-blers so "pious" that they would promptly cease operations at twelve o'clock on Saturday night, but had scarcely been able to believe it until we read the above. For one thing this shows how a thing that may once have been' a thing of vir-tue may be changed into a thing of mere  form and superstition, and how those who desire to cater to the superstition and desire for mere form in others may make it a means of gain and of protec-tion in doing things a thousand times more demoralizing and harmful than ut-ter disregard of the form in regard to which they are so scrupulous could pos-, sibly be. It is the Sunday of form and supersti-tion that the advocates of Sunday en-forcement would force upon the nation, for no other sort of Sunday can be en-forced. And that will produce just such a standard of morality as is brought to view above. All sorts of lawlessness and iniquity may go on during the week if only proper respect is had for Sunday. This is the principle on which the Sun-day-enforcement advocates fight the Sunday saloon. Dr. Herrick Johnson, mentioned above, is a leading "Na-tional Reformer" and Sunday en-forcement champion, and it is safe to say that he and the other promi-nent ministers mentioned would be heard from if Saratoga was not "very, very good on Sunday." But it appears that they have no complaint now to make, even though gambling houses are being operated openly in violation of the law. But why should they complain? Do not the gamblers observe Sunday with punctilious circumspection, and what more is there to be desired ? One difficulty with the Sunday-en-forcement "reform" is that it has a standard of morality that is satisfied with "virtue" that is not even skin deep. The Independent has at last been moved to speak in something besides a tone of apology of something for which the Catholic Church and the "Sov-ereign Pontiff" stand, for that it is some-thing for which they stand, we will show. At the opening of the first national con- 