EDITORIAL 835 Ł tions of citizens, and every citizen has the right.  to stand before the law as a man, as an individual possessing certain human rights, without any reference whatever to what his religious belief and affiliation may be. If a citizen does not have this right then there is no assurance that he has religious liberty at all. This case conveys a lesson with respect to the exemption clauses in favor of seventh-day observers that are found in many Sunday laws. It shows that the protection afforded is very scant and in-adequate. They do not protect a seventh-day observer from arrest and prosecution for working on Sunday, for even if he is disposed to take advantage of the benefits of an exemption that is utterly wrong in principle, he cannot do so until the matter is brought into court where it can be authoritatively decided whether or not he "conscientiously be-lieves that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and actually refrains from secular business and labor on that day," and therefore whether or not he is entitled to the benefit of the exemption. And as we see in this Gibson case the burden of proof is thrown upon the inoffensive seventh-day observer, who, though he has not trans-gressed the letter of the law, is com-pelled to come to court and answer to the charge of having violated it, and if he fails to prove to the satisfaction of the court that he "conscientiously be-lieves," etc., he will be convicted and fined, notwithstanding he has not vio-lated the law at all. But this is exactly what might be expected under a piece of legislation that is so vicious in prin-ciple. Exemption clauses, and the still more vicious Sunday or "Lord's day" statutes that give rise to them, should be swept from the statute books every-where. The Thanksgiving Proclamation Custom IT is most certainly an excellent thing to give thanks unto the Lord, but whether or not it is an excellent thing for the President of the United States and the governors of States to recommend and direct that such thanks be given de-pends upon whether or not it is an ex-cellent thing to consistently adhere to the principle which requires a clear and dis-tinct separation between the functions of the church and the stateŠupon whether or not it is more excellent to disregard that principle sometimes than to adhere to it. In a recently published work on "The Rise of Religious Liberty in America," Mr. Sanford H. Cobb gives in compact form "the several points of distinction which make up the American idea of re-ligious liberty," the several distinct prop-ositions which the American idea of "complete separation of state from church involves." The first of these propositions reads thus : The civil power has no authority in, or over, the individual or the chmth, touching matters of faith, worship, order, discipline, or polity. Now it hardly seems consistent with this proposition, with the idea namely that the civil power is limited to civil things and has no authority in matters of faith and worship, for civil officials in their capacity as civil officials to be ad-dressing to the people such language as this, which is to be found in the recent "Thanksgiving proclamation" of Gov-ernor Jordan, of New Hampshire : I sincerely hope and earnestly recommend that on that day all the people of our good State humbly, heartily, and unreservedly give thanks to Almighty God. Or this from the recent proclamation of Governor Odell, of New York : To us have come problems which required 