46 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY my keen regret and emphatic. disap-proval of your attitude on the Sabbath-law conflict, and your recent comments on the Committee of Fifty public-spirited, law abiding and reputable citizens who stand for the strict en-forcement of the law against the for-midable and persistent encroachments of traffic. That the Public Ledger per-mits an injudicious philanthropy in this case to sway its better judgment in thus giving encouragement and seeming respectability to any class of dealers, great or small, who disregard the law seems to be another case of "a good man gone wrong.." The citizens whom you thus assail are as sympa-thetic and humane as yourself, and would go down as readily into their pockets to relieve the wants of needy venders if that were all that is in-volved in the issue; but to encourage laxity in the observance and enforce-ment of law under the plea of benev-olence is a hazardous trifling with the vital interests of society. Referring to an "object lesson" which he had witnessed of "a group of children passing their pennies over the counter of a candy dealer for things not necessary for their health, and which could as well be purchased on Saturday or Monday, and being thus educated to a breach of the law," the writer said : While his reputable neighbors close their stores, this man, for no grounds of necessity, carries on his business in defiance of law, and regardless of the religious sentiment of the best people in the community, and it is to be re-gretted that a heavier penalty than a paltry fine cannot be meted out to such a recreant citizen. If the rising gener-ation be thus lured by appetite thought-lessly to indulge it in disregard of law, human or divine, it is but a short step from the small to the greater, and a rapid declension in American citizen-ship will ensue ; and if self-gratifica-tion, with untrammeled liberty, be-comes the dominant idea of the coming citizen, instead of reverence for things sacred, a wholesome respect for law, and a reasonable self-denial for the  public good, then, like Assyria, Greece, and Rome, we will go down in history as a monumental failure as a nation. I sincerely hope the Public Ledger will get back from such an affiliation, and stand with its best friends, who stand for civic righteousness and a future destiny. The other of the two communications was from a "Law-Abiding Citizen" of Newtown, Pa., who said: Why is it right for a "poor widow" to break a law? Why are law-abiding, law-enforcing citizens called "spies" t If the so-called "blue law" is wrong, it can be repealed by our righteous legislators. But while it is a law, let it be enforced without respect to per-sons. Non-enforcement of law creates anarchists. George B. Wheeler, of South Lan-caster, Mass., wrote : Will you kindly allow me to com-mend the position you have taken upon the Sunday question in Philadelphia t Sunday-law enforcement is a denial to the citizens of the city of the right of judgment both as to which day of the week is the Sabbath or whether any or all days of the week are sacred, which right lies at the very basis of civil and religious liberty. John Foster, of Philadelphia, wrote : What is the reason for not repealing the odious "blue laws" enacted over a century ago ? That these so-called "laws" are detested in this age by a tremendous majority of our citizens, there cannot be a shadow of doubt. Then, why not repeal these relics of a. fanatical and narrow-minded genera-tion. If this is a government of the people Š majority rule Š then, in the name of the people, common sense, and the principles upon which this govern-ment is founded, wipe off of our stat-utes this odious law or laws Š and do it quickly. Just think of the well-fed, sleek, and comfortably fixed minority holding up the vast majority of our people on the Pecksniffian plea of "holi-ness." What idiocy to prate about "holiness" and the "Lord's day" to the army of struggling'men and women ti 