THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 297 forgetting that the way he taught was the way he trod, the way of cross bearing service, and that he distinctly said, "Except ye take up your cross, and deny your-self daily, and follow me, ye can not be my disciple." The church to-day is dreaming the same old dream of earthly empire. She says she has found "that what-ever she asks Congress for unitedly she can have," and "she hones to see the day when the great churches of the country will come together and harmoniously issue their edicts, and the legislatures will respect them, and enact them into laws." This is again the triumph of the beast over the spirit. The same scripture that calls the papacy the "beast," calls this the "image to the beast." It is the same beast power. Truly saith the Scripture, "All that dwell upon the earth shall wor-ship him, whose names are not written in the book of life." It is ever either the spirit or the beast, one or the other must be triumphant. As the visible church takes this stand to-day, as ever before, the true children of God must individually come out, and be separate. The solemn message goes to every nation, kindred, and tongue, "Saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation." "Come out of here, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." The people who heard this warning, and came out, are thus described. "Here is the pa- tience of the saints, here are they that keep the com-mandments of God, and the faith of Jesus." They are next presented before the throne of God, having the harps and palms of victory over the beast, and over his image, and singing the triumphant song of Moses and of the Lamb. Than this, no message can be more sol-emn, and this is the message for the people of to-day. This is the message we bring to you. Let love be tri-umphant in the life and in the church. Repudiate force, refuse to worship the beast, so only shall you reign in the kingdom of love. G. E. FIFIELD. Better Days for Jews in Austria. The following from the Chicago Israelite shows that toleration if not religious liberty is making some progress, at least so far as the Jews are concerned : - "At last there is a gleam of light shimmering through the darkness which envelops the Jews of Aus-tria. The ministry has dared finally to speak a word in defense of the Jewish citizens of the country. It has declared that the blood accusation is untrue. This official declaration must do much towards quieting the agitation that the machinations of the anti-Semites have aroused. It was given by the Statthalter, Count Keilmansegg, in answer to an interpellation made by  the deputy, Dr. Ofner, and was as follows : 'The so-called blood accusation, i. e., the accusation that the ritual murder of Christians is commanded or permitted by the regulations of the Jewish faith or by the Tal-mudical-rabbinical writings, has been declared to be without foundation by the most illustrious Christian scholars of the Roman Catholic church. The govern-ment regrets the spread of this accusation the more keenly since it cannot disregard the fact that it endan-gers the peace of the people.' He declared further that the government would take steps to punish all who were responsible for the charges brought against the Jews. This may be the beginning of better days for our coreligionists in the Austrian empire. May it prove so." But while conditions are improving for the Jews even in popish Austria, Sabbath-keeping Christians are still fined and otherwise harried in "free America." The Spirit of Sunday Legislation. The spirit of Sunday legislation puts on various dis-guises before the people of civilized and self-govern-ing lands, but in those countries where it is not obliged to contend with the influence of modern liberalism and enlightenment, it feels no need of any disguise and shows itself in its true character. Here in the United States, it hides behind the plea of civil necessity, and professes to be mild toward all dissenters ; it would not in any way interfere with the worship of people who observe another day. But in the far-off islands of the sea, where there is no sense of accountability to vast masses of intelligent people, it shuts up the churches of dissenters, forbids their worship, and re-sorts to measures identified with religious persecution. The following extracts from a letter written by Dr. J. E. Caldwell, a medical missionary to the Cook Is-lands, will demonstrate the truth of these statements. They relate to the change recently made in the islands from Saturday to Sunday as the weekly day of rest, and the law enacted at the time commanding Sunday ob-servance. The letter is dated at Avarua, Raratonga, Feb. 28, 1goo : "It is marvelous what the Lord is doing for some of them (the natives). Before they called us to teach them they had built a coro house for worship,with a good rau thatch roof. By order of the judge of the district, the house was closed. Some of the principal members were taken to court and fined, under various pretexts Šthe real reason being that they had ceased to attend services since the change to the first day of the week. Eight of the original forty-six members who at first sent us their names have gone over to the other side. No, that is hardly the true way to put it. Their sym-pathies are still against the movement, but they have yielded to the threats of the arikis, and have begun to go to meeting at their old place of worship. It is re-ported that another batch of them has been singled out to be fined to-day." "It is a marvel to me that any of them had the hardihood to endure the persecutions they have been 