LOCAL OPTION AND SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 207 ter is that clearly expressed by one who is an authority even to those who hold up their hands in horror at the proposition of local option. Paul, the great Apostle to the Gentiles, who certainly should have known something about the Chris-tion Sabbath, and how its observance was to be regulated, wrote: "Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own Master he standeth or falleth. . . . One man esteemeth one day above another : another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully per-suaded in his own mind." And One greater than Paul, with equal plainness, laid down the same principle in these words: "If any man hear my words, and believe not [does not obey them], I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." It is clear that they who suppose that such matters as these are subjects for political action and decision, even if it be done by the very smallest of political units, are mistaken. They who talk of the right of the individual conscience in the matter of Sunday observance and then turn round and propose that the matter be settled at the ballot-box by lo-cal option, are inconsistent. But the inconsistency of the other position is even greater, and it is occu-pied by people who certainly should know better. If it is such a shocking thing to have local option on the matter of Sunday observance, if it is "a ques-tion world-wide in character and eter-nity-reaching in its influence," if it is such a terrible thing for men to tamper with "the law or laws regarding the observance of the Sabbath," if it is such a monstrous thing for a city to legislate  with regard to "the laws which were thundered down Sinai," by what war-rant has the State of New York or any other State or political sovereignty whatever a right to legislate on this sub-ject, and what justification is there for the legislation that exists? What right has any State or government to take "the laws which were thundered down Sinai" and, placing its own construction and Ł interpretation on them, enforce them upon every individual regardless of the rights and dictates of conscience? This differentiation between State and municipal authority in this matter is the idlest kind of nonsense. They who in-sist that the State shall control this matter are preeminently the advocates of local option in a matter which the Crea-tor of men has withheld from all human authority. We are told that the effect of submit-ting this question of Sunday enforce-ment to the vote of a city, "either as a whole or by borough, would be morally disastrous," because the man who voted against it "could not be expected to have any deep moral sense of regard for Sun-day," and the young men who were called upon to vote on such a question "would have their sense of regard for that day very seriously weakened, if not destroyed." Now it is quite likely that people who got the impression that the morality or sacredness of a certain thing depended upon the way the majority took a notion to vote on election day, would not be inspired with any deep moral sense of regard for such thing, and if they already had any such sense of regard for it that it would soon be "very seriously weakened, if not de-stroyed." The man who had the de-grading impression that moral duty could be determined by political action would not be likely to have any very 