We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. Ł We believe in temperance, and regard theliquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, oi every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, tree from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all If he so chooses. Ł We also believe it to be ourduty:  and noless the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. Ma &talk& OF C11011STliAR1 B.ZEZEltr Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every Individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. $1.00 " " six months  .5o " three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.5o CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Money Order or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. /We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non/receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City IF your subscribtion expires this month, have you renewed? If not that is the most import-ant thing 'for you to do now. Do not delay another day. Ł HAS any one spoken to you about securing a club of our July 9th issue of THE SENTINEL to distribute to Christian Endeavorers in your community? If not start out yourself and see if you cannot secure a large club. Ł RESPONSES are coming in very nicely indeed from letters written concerning our Christian Endeavor Number to be published July 9, 1903. Many have signified their intention of doing all they possibly can to get this excellent missionary number into the homes of all Endeavorers in their communities. IN addition to the announcement made last week of articles to appear in the Christian Endeavor Number of THE SENTINEL, we can add that there will be one entitled, The Church and Its Work, by W. A. Colcord, which will help to make this number of THE SENTINEL a particularly fine one to use for missionary purposes. The following are the prices which have been made for extra copies of the Christian En-deavor Number of THE SENTINEL. I0 copies, 15 cents, 25 copies, 35 cents, 5o copies, 70 cents, co copies, $ 1.25 5,000 or more $ 8.0o per t,000. opoo copies, $1o.00 Every city of 5o,000 population ought to have at least 5,000 copies of this number distributed in it ; every city of to,000 or more ought to have at least Loco copies distributed in it. If all those living in the same place who wish extra copies of this number will order together, having all come in one bundle to one individual and then the distribution made there, they will be able to secure them at lower rates. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per year 