186 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of troops near the Church of the Holy Sepulcher and the Latin Chapel of Agony to maintain order among the Greek and Catholic priests , who had quarreled over the matter of sweeping a certain portion of the courtyard. But suddenly, when the Turkish soldiers were off guard, a fight began with sticks, stones, and hatchets in the courtyard of the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, re-sulting in severe bodily injuries to six-teen Franciscan friars and five Greek monks or priests. Not, "Behold, how these Christians love one another," but "Behold, how they hate one another," was probably the comment of the Mo-hammedans who beheld this spectacle. Regarding the act of Emperor Wil-liam, of Germany, in sending Prince Henry of Prussia on a visit to this coun-try as his personal and official represen-tative, the New York Tribune says : There is no civilized monarch on the globe more averse to republicanism than William of Germany. Yet here he is paying to this republic precisely the form of complimentary attention which he pays to monarchies. In that fact there is much significance. We do not need it to bolster up our republic or to confirm our faith in republicanism. But it is none the less grateful to have another such demonstration of the possibility of cordial relationships between lands of most diverse forms of government. Yes, there may be considerable signifi-cance in this occurrence, and that sig-nificance may be that the German Em-peror does not see now as much differ-ence between the republic of the United States and the monarchy of Germany as he once did. Prominent Americans, who doubtless would feel insulted if accused of fre-quenting gambling resorts in this coun-try, seem to regard it as not at all im- proper when in Europe to visit Monte Carlo and participate in games of chance with the frequenters of that fa-mous resort. And, strange to say, not only those who do this, but the mass of their countrymen who remain at home,. seem to take it as a matter of course. Senator Depew and Mr. Schwab will probably hold as high a place in the esti-mation of the general public as they did before they went to Europe, al-though the common gamblers at home will no doubt be chased by the police from one hiding-place to another as. usual. A New York newspaper thinks.  that "distance lends moral as well as poetic enchantment to the view," and says that "the geographical basis of ethics hasn't received enough attention from philosophers." "In the heathenish times of Greece and Rome," says the Jewish Times and Observer, "a man who, by birth, did not belong to one and the same people or tribe, was considered an alien, and when permitted to live in the country was-deemed a tolerated stranger. But with the ascent of Christianity upon the throne of the Caesars, a new doctrine was taught, viz.: that he who remained outside of the Christian church, which became the ruler of the state, was to be-deemed, under all circumstances, an enemy, and if even admitted to live in the land, the deadly enmity against him, inculated by the church in the name of religion, could not be concealed." This is true; the lesson that it should teach Christians is that there should be no seeking for political power by the-Christian church. When the church be- Ł gins to dictate to the state she begins to say and do just the opposite from what was commanded by her Lord in-the words, "Love your enemies." 