102  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY mulgated that Declaration got their ideas concerning human rights from the philosophy of Voltaire and Rousseau. There might have been some ideas de-rived from this source, but the principles of the Declaration grew naturally from principles that had long marked English history, and such a declaration was just what might have been expected from Englishmen under such circumstances. Professor Mace evidently does not be-long to a certain school of religio-politi-cal thinkers which has in recent years been very much in evidence in this country. The Last of the Insular Decisions On December 2 the United States Supreme Court rendered its decision in the last two of what are known as the "insular test cases." One of these in-volved the relationship of the Philippine Islands to the United States, and was familiarly known as the "fourteen dia-mond rings case," having grown out of the seizure by custom officials in Chica-go of fourteen diamond rings that had been purchased in the Philippines and brought to this country subsequent to the ratification of the peace treaty by which the Philippines were ceded to the United States. Pepke, the owner of the rings, contended that the imposition of duties upon merchandise brought from the Philippines after the ratification of this treaty, which, he claimed, made the islands territory of the United States, was unconstitutional, and therefore in this particular instance was in violation of his rights as a citizen. The Court sustained this claim, hold-ing that the Philippines became Ameri-can territory at the ratification of the Paris treaty and the payment of the  stipulated $20,000,000, and that no duties could be collected on goods coming from the islands until Congress had enacted special tariff laws. On the point of what the Treaty of Paris meant for the Phil-ippines, the Court said : "The Philippines thereby ceased, in the language of the treaty, `to be Span-ish.' Ceasing to be Spanish, they ceased to be foreign country. They came under the complete and absolute sovereignty and dominion of the United States and so became the territory of the United States, over which civil government could be established. The result was the same, although there was no stipu-lation that the native inhabitants should be incorporated into the body politic, and none securing to them the right to choose their nationality. Their allegiance became due to the United States, and they became entitled to its protection." The Court held that the fact that in the case of Porto Rico the inhabitants offered no resistance to the control of the United States, while in the case of the Philippines the inhabitants fought against such control, made no difference whatever in the status of the territories involved. Cession and possession were held to be identical. The Court said on this point: "The sovereignty of Spain over the Philippines and possession under claim of title had existed for a long series of years prior to the war with the United States. The fact that there were insur-rections against her or that uncivilized tribes may have defied her will did not affect the validity of her title. She granted the islands to the United States, and the grantee in accepting them took nothing less than the whole grant. If those in insurrection against Spain con-tinued in insurrection against the Uniteri 