SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 495 management of the baseball club asking that Sunday ball games be stopped." In pursuance of the end sought "the morn-ing services at the majority of the churches " were on a recent Sunday " de-voted to a discussion of the Sunday base-ball problem and the desecration of the Sabbath in general, and to the work of securing signatures to the petitions." The Y. M. C. A. also participated in this. The general theme of the sermons was " Sunday desecration," and " the wide-spread violation of the law of the land enacted to protect this day was com-mented upon." It was declared that " the Sabbath is a divine institution, aside from being set apart by the law of the land as a day of rest, and has a right to be protected."ŠHere is an instance where church people are found protesting against the enforcement of the Sunday law against ball playing. On Sunday, June 28, members of the Valerian Ly-ceum, an organization connected with St. Cecilia's Roman Catholic Church in Wil-liamsburg, Manhattan, N. Y., were en-gaged in a game of ball on grounds adjacent to the church, and there was a large gathering of spectators. The po-lice appeared and stopped the game, and arrested the captain of one of the teams on the charge of " violating section 265 of the Penal Code [the prohibition against public games and sports on Sunday]." The next morning " a large number of the members " of the church appeared at the police court " to protest against the arrest and the action of the police in stopping the game." They " claimed that the law was not being violated, as no admission fee was charged," and stated that " the priests of the parish sanctioned various atlethic games on Sun-day, and that the lyceum had been at considerable expense to furnish seats and put the grounds in good order." The case was adjourned.ŠWhile a game of baseball was in progress at the ball park  in Bowling Green, Ohio, on Sunday, June 21, four clergymen drove up in a carriage, and after procuring a list of the names of the participants (which was done by having previously engaged a man to go inside the grounds and secure the names from the score card), proceeded to the office of a justice, " who was in waiting by prearrangement," and swore out war-rants for the arrest of the manager and the eighteen players. A constable at once went to the grounds with the warrants, and at the conclusion of the game brought the nineteen " arrested men in a body be-fore the justice." After an argument by an attorney for the defendants each of them was fined $5 and costs, but the justice suspended the fine on condition that " no further violation of the statute was committed," and the constable " an-nounced that he would remit his own fees."ŠOn complaint of Rev. Jesse E. Sarles, who was "backed by several other ministers," warrants for the arrest of the nine members of the local baseball club were issued at Baraboo, Wis., on July 14. They had played a match game with a team from the neighboring city on the precedink Sunday. The arrests " created quite a stir among the citizens," and were followed by the swearing out of warrants " against Revs. Sarles and Ross, and Assemblyman Johnson, who attended the game as spectators in order to make the complaint." It was expected that " more arrests for violation of the Sunday law " would follow, and that before it is over " the war " would lead " to the closing of all kinds of business on Sunday." " A crusade against Sunday amuse-ments " was recently reported from Brad-dock, Pa. The force behind it was " the Monongahela Valley Sabbath School Ob-servance League, organized among the young people's societies of the twelve Protestant churches in Braddock." 