RELIGION. IS FOR THE INDIVIDUAL. 17 enjoyed by any other nation, and with inventive genius and a spirit of progress unknown elsewhere. In a government recognizing that all men are endowed with unalienable rights, and that governments are insti-tuted to secure these rights, there would be opportunity for the upbuilding of the spiritual kingdom, through the everlast-ing gospel of Christ. There would be some chance for the practical operation of the Golden Rule. But there have been of late so many departures from the basic principles of this most-favored nation ; there is manifest such a tendency to imitate its predecessors, that its God-given prerogative is seriously endan-gered. That which has gilsen this gov-ernment a conspicuous and distinctive  setting among the nations has been the separation of church and state. But the menaces to this supreme condition of favor, from both church ar.d state, have become so ominous that the call to "eternal vigilance" is in order now as never before. We can only maintain our position as the most-favored nation by tenaciously holding to the principles up-on which the God of heaven established our going. There is need of a Sentinel to sound the alarm, and to point out the accumu-lating evidences of departure from the good way. Such a sentinel will prove a friend of the people, a friend of the gov-ernment, and a friend of the cause of Christianity. Religion Is for the Individual. DI) General William Birney, Washington, D. C. RELIGION concerns the relations of the individual man to the Su-preme Being. It is a personal matter between a soul and its Creator. It is not a corporate matter. A corpo-ration, whether secular or ecclesiastical or civil, cannot be religious, although every one of its members may be ; for it has no soul or conscience. The directors of the Standard Oil Company may all be pious men, but that does not make the oil religious or its sale a pious act. The President, his cabinet, and the jus-tices of the Supreme Court might each and all be Mohammedans, but that fact would not make our Republic Moslem. They might be Unitarians or Mormons, and our Constitution would undergo no  change. A church corporation, as such, cannot believe in any doctrine or be held corporately responsible for sins ; the in-dividual members must answer, each for himself. So religious belief cannot be predicated of any state or nation. Gov-ernments have neither feelings nor senti-ments, nor opinions ; to them devils, angels, and ghosts are equally indiffer-ent. The United States will have, as a corporation: no account to render at the judgment; and as it is only a corporation, it will have no account to render there at all. It cannot, from its very nature, be either Christian or Mohammedan. Religion deals with the spiritual nature of the individual. For this world, it seeks to purify and elevate his personal 