Religious Legislation By Mrs. Stella Archer Maloney [From an address delivered on Easter Sunday last in Berkeley Hall, Boston.] ESUS CHRIST came into the world to proclaim true liberty, to set men free, to make known to the world the true principles of freedom ; above all, religious freedom. He instructed His dis-ciples in His heavenly doctrine, gave them that soul freedom, and sent them out to preach that divine liberty. His command, "Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's and to God the things that are God's," was a declaration of the principle of the total separation of relig-ion and the state. In that empire, proud of its conquests and jealous of its claim of right to rule in all things human and divine, the lowly disciples went every-where preaching the gospel and calling upon men to be savedÑto accept the soul-freedom of Christ's salvation. This was contrary to Roman principle. It was actually forbidden by laws and principles established long before Jesus was born. The great iron empire of Rome filled the world, one government ruling over all, in which religion and the state were held to be one and indivisi-ble. Every religion was held to be sub-ordinate to the Roman religion, and though "all forms of religion might come to Rome, and take their places in the Pantheon [which was dedicated to Cy-bele and the other Roman gods], they must come as servants of the state." In the legislation of pagan Rome it was de-clared : Whoever introduces new religions, the ten-dency and character of which are unknown, whereby the minds of men may be disturbed, shall, if belonging to the higher rank, be ban-ished; if to the lower, punished with death. The preaching of the gospel was an issue between Christianity and the Roman Empire; an issue between the principle of the freedom of the individual conscience, and therefore the principle of the separation of religion and state, as against the principle of the union of re-ligion and the state, and the principle, therefore, of the absolute subjection and enslavement of the individual conscience. Rome refused to recognize the prin-ciple of Christianity, and Christianity would not yield the principle. The re-sult was two hundred and fifty years of Christian martyrdom, streams of blood and untold sufferings. Then, by an im-perial edict, Rome recognized the justice of the Christian principle and the right of every man to worship whatever god he wished without state interference. This was a triumph for the principle of Christianity. But soon paganized bish-ops, through a dark intrigue with the Emperor Constantine, succeeded in es-tablishing a union of the papal Catholic religion with the Roman Empire, thus perverting to the interests of the Papacy the victory which had been so nobly won. Again Christianity had to take up the contest in behalf of the rights of con-science and of the separation of religion and the state; again there were torrents of blood and untold agony and suffering, and for more than a thousand years the Papacy held the place of supreme au-thority in the world. Then came the Ref-ormation, declaring anew to humanity the Christian principle of the absolute separation of church and state and the rights of the individual conscience, and 