Why Is the Lesson Ignored? By W. E. Cornell. WHEN the Author of the Christian religion came into the world he made a sharp distinction be- tween his kingdom and the governments of this world. One pertained to man's spiritual nature, the other to his tempo-ral well-being. The people clamored to make him king, and their disappoint-ment knew no bounds when he refused. When his friends would resent the in-sults heaped upon him, he rebuked them with these words : "My kingdom is not of this world." His commission to his followers was, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel"Šjust this one thingŠand' so we hear Paul declaring : "I am determined to know nothing save Jesus Christ and him crucified." This is the oneness of purpose that backed the efforts of the early Christians. The re-sult was that in the face 'of a universal law prohibiting under penalty of death the introduction of any other than the established religion, which was pagan-ism, the gospel of the lowly Nazarene prospered and grew to mighty propor-tions. Later the "mystery of iniquity" began its corrupting work, and it was not many pages that the historian wrote of those times till the sickening story of the Dark Age beginsŠa story so full of awful deeds, all committed in the name of religion, that our cheeks blanche and the blood runs cold, and we' shudder at the recital of the, simple facts. This was all the result of a coalition of the civil with the ecclesiastical power, which it-self resulted from the evil doctrine that the cause of the kingdom of heaven can be advanced by the kingdoms of the world. Then came the ReformationŠLuther with the primitive gospel of Jesus Christ Ša gospel of love, a gospel of peace, a gospel of persuasion. In the face of apparently insurmountable obstacles this gospel revolutionized all Europe, not by force of arms, but by its own inherent power--"the power of God unto salva-tion." To-day we see and hear much of an-other gospel that the professed repre-sentatives of this same Jesus are teach-ingŠa gospel of force, as embodied in the principles governing the "Christian citizenship" and kindred movements which propose to employ political power in the interests of the kingdom of heaven. So intoxicated are they with the idea that the nation can be made Christian in fact through legislation, that it is de-clared that "Christ is to become the ruler of this nation," and that this will be brought about "through the gate-way of politics." 0, why do these people ignore the lesson which the history of the past has taught at such fearful cost to the race? Why do they not realize that "all power is from above," not from beneath? That to make men really good their hearts must be changed, and that only the power of God, not the power of the state, can do this? Make a man first a Christian and he will be a good citizen. The work of the ministers of the gospel, therefore, is now what it al-ways has beenŠto preach, as did the Apostle Paul, nothing else "save Jesus Christ and him crucified." Will they now forsake this high calling for the weak and beggarly elements of political power ? 