14 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. sets down the great principles of free-dom as abstractions and metaphysical theories, good enough for the cloister, but too refined for practical and real life. Human rights, however, are not to be so reasoned away. They belong, as we have seen, to man as a moral being, and nothing can divest him of them but the destruction of his nature. They are not to be given up to society as a prey. On the contrary, the great end of civil society is to secure them. The great end of government is to repress all wrongs against these rights. Its high-est function is to protect the weak against the powerful, so that the ob-scurest human being may enjoy his rights in peace. Strange that an institu-tion built on the idea of rights should be used to unsettle this idea, to confuse our moral perceptions, to sanctify wrongs as means of general good ! It is said that in forming civil society the individual surrenders a part of his rights. It would be more proper to say that he adopts new modes of securing them. He consents, for example, to desist from self-defense, that he and all may be more effectually defended by the public force. He consents to submit his cause to an umpire or tribunal, that jus-tice may be more impartially awarded, and that he and all may more certainly receive their due. He consents to part with a portion of his property in taxa-tion, that his own and others' property may be the more secure. He submits to certain restraints, that he and others may enjoy more enduring freedom. He ex-pects an equivalent for what he relin-quishes, and insists on it as his right. He is wronged by partial laws which compel him to contribute to the state be-yond his proportion, his ability, and the measure of benefits which he receives.  How absurd is it to suppose that by con-senting to be protected by the state, and by yielding it the means, he sur-renders the very rights which were the objects of his accession to the social compact 1 The Glory of the American People. in all ages the individual has, in one form or another, been trodden in the dust. Ł In monarchies and aristocracies he has been sacrificed to one or to the few, who, regarding government as an heirloom in their families, and thinking of the people as made only to live and die for their glory, have not dreamed that the sovereign power was designed to shield every man, without exception, from wrong. In the ancient republics, the glory of the state, especially con-quest, was the end to which the indi-vidual was expected to offer himself a victim, and in promoting which no cruel-ty was to be declined, no human right revered. He was merged in a great whole, called the commonwealth, to which his whole nature was to be immo-lated. It was the glory of the American people that, in their Declaration of Inde-pendence, they took the ground of the indestructible rights of every human being. They declared all men to be es-sentially equal, and each born to be free. They did not, like the Greek or Roman, -assert for themselves a liberty which they burned to wrest from other states. They spoke in the name of humanity, as the representatives of the rights of the feeblest as well as the mightiest of their race. They published universal, ever-lasting principles, which are to work out the deliverance of every human being: Such" was, their glory. Let not the idea of rights be erased from their chil-dren's minds by false ideas of public good. Let not the sacredness of individ- 