382 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The notice was issued by a committee of the West End Civic Federation, made up of one Methodist, one Presbyterian and one Episcopal clergyman. The notice says that "not only the ball players, but any official standing in with them, contrary to his oath of office, or refusing to enforce the statute against this sort of nuisance, will be prosecuted," and de-clares atŁ its close that "the men who stand for or against the moral welfare of Christian America should be publicly pilloried or approved," and that "we propose to let in the light on this bold at-tempt to corrupt our youth and desecrate our Sabbath, contrary to the laws of God and State." The Rev. H. W. Knowles, the Methodist minister, is the leading spirit in the matter, and has been work-ing up a sentiment for several weeks against Sunday ball playing. Ł The enforcement of the Sunday law against candy selling in Dorchester, Mass., a suburb of BOston, has stirred up some of the inhabitants, who claim that that portion of the city has been discrimi-nated against in the enforcement of the Sunday law. On April t1 Mr. Chas. P. Anderson, on behalf of the United Im-provement Council, sent to the chairman of the Boston police board a communica-tion in which it was declared that a thor-ough personal inspection was to be made by representatives of the council, and that if it was found that confectionery could be purchased in any other portion of Boston and not in Dorchester, that the matter would be immediately called to the attention of the governor of the State, with the request that he take mea-sures to have the law impartially en-forced. The result has been that Boston has had unusually strict Sunday enforce-ment since. The report was that on April 13 every druggist in the city was notified that he would not be allowed to  sell candy. On the loth the same order was continued, the police board giving orders that no selling of meats, fruits or confections of any kind, barbering in hotels, nor open bakery shops after to in the morning, should be allowed, and in-structed police captains to have all of-fenders arrested. After having been once voted down and again reconsidered and passed by the lower house of the New York legislature, the bill introduced by Assemblyman Ad-ler to permit the sale of uncooked flesh foods before to o'clock on Sunday morn-ings during June, July, August and Sep-tember, was defeated in the senate on March 27 by a vote of twenty-four to twenty-three. The bill was for the pur-pose of relieving the Jews of New York from the hardships imposed by the pres-ent Sunday butcher-shop law, which went into effect the 1st of last September. It was said that "the administration wanted the bill killed." The opposition to the measure was led by Senator Ellsworth, the Republican leader of the senate, and he was assisted by the minority leader. Senator Grady. Organized labor is said to have opposed the bill by a strong lobby. The speeches made were in favor of the bill, "the oposition not giving voice to reasons for objecting to the bill, but confined all efforts to individual ap-peals to senators who were considered doubtful, to vote against it." The cause of Sunday enforcement prefers such methods ; it will not bear open discus-sion, and certainly they who would re-fuse to give relief to the thousands of Hebrews of New York who observe the seventh day would have very few rea-sons for their action that would be worth presenting Owing to what has been termed a "re-volt" on the part of the patrolmen there 