576  THE SENTINEL OF been extended to them .in the exemption clauses of the Sunday statutes, has re-cently been made in a Virginia court. On June 23, Mr. C. P. Morse, a Seventh-day Adventist, and a jeweller by occupation and proprietor of a store known as Morse's Bazar, in Fredericksburg, Va., was brought before the mayor of that city on the charge of keeping his place of business open on Sunday. He was fined $2 and costs, whereupon appeal was taken to the court of appeals presided over by Judge Wallace, who sustained the mayor's decision "on the ground that while the Virginia law exempted any one who religiously believed it to behis duty to keep SaturdayÑand actually did keep SaturdayÑfrom keeping. Sunday, yet Mr. Morse could not claim the benefits of this exemption, because he closed his place of business at sunset Fridays and opened at sunset Saturdays, thus making the day he kept a part of two days, as the legal day extends from midnight to midnight." This is not the language of the court, but it is no doubt substantially correct. Now the exemption clause in favor of seventh-day observers . in the Virginia Sunday statute is entitled, "Exception as to the Jews," and while it exempts those who observe as the Sabbath "the seventh day of the week," it must have been well known to the framers of that section that the seventh day of the week to the Jews 'extends from sunset Friday to sunset Saturday, and therefore they must have intended the exemption to apply to those observing the time from sunset Friday to sunset Saturday as the Sabbath. Mr. Morse writes us that he asked the judge if he did not think such was the case, but no heed was given to his question. The result is that if Mr. Morse opens his store on Saturday evening, which is his best time for trade, he must close on Sunday, or else be arrested and fined  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY every week. He attributes the turn of affairs to religious prejudice and ill will on the part of adherents of two of the leading religious denominations, and says that he was not treated quite so badly in a Maryland town largely populateu by Catholics, in which he was located before going to Fredericksburg. But the Cath-olic mayor had often threatened to have ¥ him arrested, and so he moved into Vir-ginia hoping to find a more agreeable lo-cation. But he is convinced now that he has gotten into a worse place, and if the present state of affairs continues will be obliged to go elseirhere. This case is significant and noteworthy from the fact that it shows that where there is a disposition to do so seventh-day observers can be made to feel the full force of Sunday enforcement notwith-standing the fact that there is a law on the statute books expressly exempting them from the operations of the Sunday law.  ¥ The Papacy and the Government Since the time up to which the matter was described in our last issue the Ameri-can negotiations at the Vatican have be-come one of the foremost subjects of dis-cussion in the public press, and interest-ing and significant developments that we cannot dwell upon in this issue have taken place. It can be said that the Pa-pacy has conducted herself in the matter with the skill and craftiness for which she has been noted of old, and at this time ( July 21) she is sending the American commission away with a present for each member and with practically nothing whatever settled with regard to the "busi-ness transaction" which, before the de-parture of the commission to Rome, the country was informed, through promi-nent non-Catholic religious journals, that the Pope was so ready and willing to consummate. 