SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 37" There is a point here that it would be well for those New England champions of Sunday enforcement who are given to accusing as promoters of disrespect for " law " those who oppose their en-forcement of religion by law, to take to heart. The Lowell Mail made this com-ment : If fishing on Sunday should be prohibited then there are many other sports which ought to be, but are not, and which have never been taken into consideration at all by the laws. . . . It is not too much to say that Sunday laws should be consistent, that the day for Puritanical ideas has gone by, that the workingman is entitled to Sunday [as a] holiday, that he is bound to have it, and that there are a great many legal occupations and sports that he may indulge in that are a great deal worse than fishing. The workingman has a hard time at the best, and he should not be robbed of any of his privileges and liberties, which are few enough at the best. The fact is that this fishing bill, like Mr. Wheeler's " civil rest-day " bill, served to exhibit the fact that it is not the interests of the workingman but a religious observance and institution with which the champions of Sunday legisla-tion are concerned. In this instance they were fighting a measure proposed in the interests of the workingman by represen-tatives of the workingman. So the usual pretension of regard for the working-man and his interests could not very well be made to serve the cause of Sunday enforcement in this instance. But the champions of this cause are resourceful, and when they cannot pose as the cham-pions of the " poor," " enslaved " work-ingman they are not at a loss for some other " poor " thing to put forward as needing the protection of Sunday legis-lation. The Sunday organ from which we have been quoting says that at the hearing on the fishing bills " no valid argument was presented why the wise provision of the past to protect the lower creation from the ravages of man should be removed " ! How all-embracing is  the sympathy and care of the Sunday champions ! How long will it be before-they will be insisting upon Sunday en-forcement upon " the lower creation as well as upon man? Of course the-argument that the Sunday law against fishing is a measure for protecting theŁ fish, which was used throughout in op-posing the fishing bill, was just as muchŁ of a pretense and a blind as is the com-mon argument that Sunday legislation isŁ for the protection of the workingman. The Lowell Mail well said : Certainly there should be laws preventing-the extermination of fish, but Sunday lawn will never do that. If a man can fish six days in the week the fish cant be saved on the-seventh. If the fish need protection the 'open season should be shorter or the waters should he closed fora term of years sufficiently long to produce the desired result; but all this has. nothing to do with Sunday laws. Of course it has not. me Sea:knell @r C011ansmam L AZZAVIr Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per year months $1.ce Ł .5o " three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.5o CLUBBING RATE. per copy.. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents: Sample copies gratis. Cor- respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO, 11 West 20th Street, New York OitY 