EDITORIAL 233 friends of Sunday to assume that it is slurred when it is not supported and en-forced by law ? This is the very tactic of the Papacy herself. She holds and always has held that "the Church" was slurred if she was not allowed to monop-olize the power of the state. She con-siders to-day that she is slurred in Italy, in France, in Mexico, and in the United States. In every country where it has been decided to take from her in any de-gree the powers which she has enjoyed by virtue of an alliance with the state, she has always gone around in agony asking, "Shall We Slur the Church?" There is no more reason for legal sup-port and "protection" for Sunday ob-servance than there is for legal support 'and "protection" of "the Church," and the assumption that either should have such favor from the state is a slur upon human rights, upon liberty, upon justice, and in this country it is a slur upon the most fundamental principles of the na-tion. The "Ame. ican Sabbath" We hear much in these days about the "American Sabbath" and the necessity of having its "sacredness" and "sanc-tity" preserved by law. No explanation is offered as to how an institution of universal obligation has become limited to one nation, or as to how the Sabbath, a religious institution, has become American in its nature, or as to how an American institution can have any sa-credness or sanctity to preserve. The strange spectacle is presented of ministers and religious bodies demand-ing the preservation and protection of "our American Sabbath" in the name of everything that is religious and very lit-tle that is American. They go to the Old and the New Testaments and to all the  authorities which deal with the Sabbath as an institution appointed by God for manŠnot for nationsŠLin behalf of the "American Sabbath." But why should recourse be had to these sources when the "American Sabbath" is concerned ? Would not American authorities be far more appropriate on this subject? In dealing with the "American Sabbath" it would be more consistent to confine one's self to American history. Instead of going back to the Puritans, the "fathers," the apostles, the Lord of the Sabbath, the Israelites, the Fourth Com-mandment, and the creation for informa-tion as to the "American Sabbath" and the manner in which it should be ob-served, would it not be more fitting to turn to American records? Surely so important an institution as the "Amer-ican Sabbath" is alleged to beŠone upon which we are told depends the most cherished of American institutions, and even the very "existence, stability and greatness of the American Common-wealth" itselfŠhas not been ignored in those records, but has received attention commensurate with its great and su-preme importance. But, strange to say, this is not the case. in vain do we search American history for the origin and institution of the "American Sabbath." When a boy the writer read with avidity everything that pertained to early American history. There were the American colonies, the American Declaration of Independence, the American Revolution, the American Constitution, the American nation, the American flag, army, navy, etc., but strange to say there was no mention of the "American Sabbath." So the friends of the "American Sab-bath" are not altogether wrong in look-ing far back of the beginning of American history for information con- 