EDITORIAL 441  United States. Only forty-one lives were lost, but the property damage .amounted to $5,000,000. While disavowing, and calling atten-tion to the fact that the world no longer holds to, the "belief or superstition" that there is a relation between human wick-edness and the catastrophies of nature, the New York Tribune made these ob-servations regarding the island and the .city visited by this late catastrophe : Martinique is the most romantically beauti-ful island of the West Indies, with its wonder-ful flora and its precipitous contours softened with a wealth of verdure which robs them of all forbidding aspect. Only for the dreaded serpentŠthe deadly fer-de-lanceŠin the thick-ets it might seem to be an island paradise. Man, however, is no more perfect in Marti-nique than in any other Eden. Few places of zits size showed more on its surface the de-graded side of human nature than St. Pierre. . . The traditional morals of a seaport were there conspicuous. No town in the West Indies so forced the low character of its peo-ple upon attention, and, in spite of the beauty of its surroundings and the charm of its higher classes, left a more unpleasant taste. But there is no reason to believe that the people of St. Pierre were sinners above the people of many other cities of the earth ; and yet it does not follow that there was no connection between its de-struction and human wickedness. But the most important connection that it could possibly have had or can have with hu-man conduct is to bring forcibly to the minds of men the thought contained in the words, "Except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish," and thereby influence them to turn from wickedness to right-eousness. Prominent Daily on the Sun-day Question The action of various bodies of Con-gregationalists in Masachusetts in pro-testing against the passage of the bill by  the State legislature legalizing the sale of ice-cream, soda-water, and confec-tionery by druggists and news-dealers on Sunday, and the discussion of the "ques-tion of Sabbath observance" by the Pres-byterian General Assembly, in session in this city from May Is to 26, formed the basis of an editorial on "The Church and Sunday" in the New York Evening Post of May 17. The Post notes that "the coincidence results in showing the attitude toward an important question of public policy which is now generally held by representatives of two 'orthodox' denominations." And it may be added that there are other large denominations of the same description, notably the Methodist, which maintain a like atti- tude in this matter. The Post calls attention to the fact that in the protests against the Masachusetts bill the "chief stress was laid upon the argument that 'it opens the door still wider to the entire secularization of the Lord's day,' " and that underlying all "was the assumption, clearly expressed in the deliverance of the Springfield meeting, that such legislation 'is subver-sive of the worship of the Supreme Be-ing.' " Here is, in part, what the Post has to say on the subject:  The disposition of the church still is to take its stand on the old theory that Sunday is a day for the worship of God, and that pretty much everything except such worship shall be prevented by law. It was possible to enforce this theory in the rural communities which made up nearly all of New England when church and state were largely synonymous in the eighteenth century, and the force of tradi-tion secured its acceptance among descendants ' of the Puritans during much of the nineteenth century; but it is as hopeless to apply it in our cities during the twentieth century as it would be to revive the system of having the town support the Congregational clergyman. Mod-ern society accepts the principle that the first day of the week shall, in the language of the New York Penal Code, be "set apart for rest 