THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 679 Sad to say, Professor Harnack stood alone in this view. The association passed a resolution in favor of the full protection of missionaries by the secular arm, and sent a telegram to the Kaiser asking his assistance. Thus the members deliberately classed themselves as emissaries of the state and not mes-sengers of Goi. .440-0-44 SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT A STUPENDOUS FRAUD. A Scene in Court. JUDGE BAILEY (addressing the prisoner): You have been summoned here, Mr. Jones, to answer to the charge of violating the Sunday law. Do you plead guilty or not guilty? MR. JONES: I confess, your honor, to having la-bored on Sunday, the first day of the week, as charged in the indictment, but I deny having labored on the Lord's day, or of having committed any crime against any of my fellow-citizens. JUDGE: This is no place, Mr. Jones, to discuss fine-spun theological distinctions, but we are here to see that the laws enacted by our legislature are obeyed and to punish the transgressor. MR. JONES: Do you claim, your honor, that it is your duty to enforce a law that punishes an inno-cent man? JUDGE: I am not here to decide as to the justice or injustice of the law. The lawmakers are respon-sible for the character of the law. If the enforce-, ment of the law imposes pains and penalties upon innocent persons it is the duty of the people to pe-tition the legislature to change or abolish the law. .So long as the law remains upon the statute books it is my duty as judge of this court to see that it is obeyed. MR. JONES: Then I understand, your honor, that if you knew that a person who had broken the Sun-day law was innocent before God, and that he had not trespassed in the least degree upon the rights of his fellow-citizens, you would punish that man by fine and imprisonment. JUDGE: I am not convinced, Mr. Jones, if it is proven that you have violated the Sunday law that you are innocent before God and that you have not trespassed upon the rights of others. Perhaps if I Were convinced that the law was wrong, and to en-force it would impose unjust punishment upon an innocent man I might act differently. I certainly would feel loth to punish an innocent man. MR. JONES: Would you be willing, your honor, to listen to the reasons why I believe that I am inno-cent of the charge brought against me; not so Much that 1 may escape the punishment you might inflict on me, but that justice and right may prevail and the people of this community may see the injustice of Sunday laws. JUDGE: Of course, Mr. Jones, that is what we are here for; to try your case and see whether you are guilty or not; and as you prefer to plead your own case you are at liberty to do so. However, we would like you to state your reasons as briefly as pos-sible, as our time is limited. MR. JONES: ThankŁyou. I will endeavor to be as brief as I can. When the officer arrested me I was digging some potatoes in, my garden. Does your honor believe that the act of digging potatoes is in itself a crime against the state? Would you consider it such if done on any other day of the week? JUDGE: Of course, no one thinks that domestic labor is in itself a crime against the state. MR. JONES: Then, your honor, if there is any crime in Sunday work it is not in the work itself, but because of the character of the day on which the work is done, and you will agree with me that there is nothing in which the Sunday differs from other days of the week except in its religious character. If the day differs from the rest of the days of the week in its religious character, and that only, then for the state to compel the observance of that day is for-cing the religion that is in the day upon the people and nothing else. And this is positively contrary to the spirit of our free institutions. The national Con-stitution provides that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof; " and in harmony with this provision nearly every State constitution con-tains, seemingly, ample guarantees of liberty of conscience. JUDGE: But, Mr. Jones, there is a civil phase to this question, and that is what the legislature had in mind and not the religious phase. I can hardly think that our legislators would intentionally make laws enforcing religion upon the people in direct op-position to the Constitution of the Government. MR. JONES: As to the motives the legislators had in passing the Sunday law I can not say. But this I do know, that if the religious element of the coun-try had not urged it upon the legislature they never 