57.2  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tion and power and trampled upon hu-man liberty and human aspirations. Notwithstanding the fact that by treaty between the United States and Russia the citizens of each country are as-sured equal rights and privileges in the matter of entering and sojourning in the other country, there are a goodly number of the citizens of the United States who are excluded from Russia, and who after many years of protest have been able to secure from the government to which they hold allegiance nothing more than the admission that it "has not yet been able to secure from the Russian govern-ment a promise of uniform treatment for all American travelers." This unjust discrimination is due to Russian intoler-ance toward the Jew, who cannot enter Russian territory without a special permit from the imperial government, which is of course about equivalent to complete exclusion. The Jewish citizens of the United States insist with considerable force that the American Government should insist upon equal treatment for all its citizens, and that especially should it not allow discriminations to be made that spring from racial 'and religious intoler-ance. They declare that not merely jus-tice to Jewish citizens, but loyalty to fundamental, democratic principles re-requires that such a stand be taken, and of course their demand is just. The mat-ter has been urged upon the State De-partment at different times during the last twenty years, and recently renewed efforts for relief have been made, and be-fore its adjournment a resolution regard-ing the matter was introduced in Con-gress. But the Government replies that it is unable to remedy the matter, but will endeavor to do so as in the past, and as-sures the American Jews that they will not receive from Russia different treat-ment from that accorded to the Jews of  other countries. The Jews are a small people and Russia is a big, "Christian" nation, and she is not to be dealt 'with as are such "heathen" nations as Turkey and China when the treaty rights of "Christian" Americans are infringed. According to what seems to be gener-ally accepted as the truth there.is to-day in the United States no more conspicuous example of "one-man power" and of the working of the "trust" principle than is to be found in the National legislature itself. A prominent Senator recently re-marked that "the most dangerous trust in America to-day is the legislative trust that is placed in.. a few hands in the House of Representatives and is break-ing down all the powers and principles upon which it was builded." It was in-tended by the framers of the Constitu-tion that the House of Representatives should be the popular branch of Con-gress, the forum where the representa-tives not of States nor of parts of States, but of the people themselves, should free-ly discuss all matters of legislation. But now this has all been changed, and al-most all the power and authority of the individual members has been surren-dered to the presiding officer. Under the rules which have come to control the body the speaker has absolute control of the appointment of committees, and these committees have complete control of leg-islation. All bills must be referred to committees, and no bill can be brought up for discussion unless the committee to which it has been referred sees fit to report it. Andr even after a bill is re-ported the speaker can prevent its con-sideration and discussion. Thus "legis-lation through committees" has taken the place of legislation upon the floor of the House. The fact of membership in the House does not by any means insure the privilege of discussing legislation ; that 