EDITORIAL  575 asserted the equality of human rights, particularizing the rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. It did not undertake to say that all men would de-velop an equal capacity for mischief or go to equal lengths in absurdity. It is not astonishing that a man who proposes to establish his sway over the consciences of a goodly number of his fellows and to call it the rule of God should be persuaded that the Declaraton of Independence states a lie when it declares that all men are created equal. There can be no ques-tion, however, as to which lie can best stand the wear and tear of time. Senator Hawley, of Connecticut, has expressed the opinion that Senator Hoar "is crazy on this Philippine question." And yet we suppose that¥ not once in the ten years that have now intervened has Senator Hawley questioned the sanity of either himself or Senator Hoar in their position and conduct with reference to that piece of legislation calling for the closing of the Chicago World's Fair on Sundays, which was passed in July, 1892, in distinct violation of a fundamental principle of the nation, and which was an ignoble surrender on the part of Congress to influences to which it had no business to yield in the slightest degree. On that occasion, when legislation "against the desecration of the Lord's day" was under discussion in the Senate, Senator Hawley took the lead in yielding to clamors for something utterly opposed to and viola-tive of one of the first and most important amendments to the Constitution under which he held office and in accordance with which he had sworn to act. After declaring that he knew and that every-body knew that the legislation under dis-cussion was "founded in religious belief," he declared that it would not be "wise statesmanship" to ignore the conviction  in obedience to which it was to be en-acted, even though that conviction might be "a profound error," and wound up with the miserable piece of demagoguery that none of those who dared to vote against this conviction, which might be "a profound error," "would ever come back here again." Such was his sanity ( ?) while under this religion-by-law ¥ spell that he wished for the time being that in his capacity as senator, he "were the most eloquent clergymen, the most eloquent of those stanch old sturdy di-vines who have honored American citi-zeriship as well as American Christiani-ty," and' saw in the 13,000,000 church communicants in the United States "from forty-five to fifty millions" of people "of religibus profession or sympathy" who were in favor of the unconstitutional legislation which he was advocating. It seems.to  us that on that occasion there was conduct in the Senate which needed and needs far more the charitable mantle which is afforded by a belief in the mental aberration of those responsible for it than does anything that has marked the con-duct of Senator Hoar with regard to the Philippine question. It is to be regretted that it has come to pass in the United States that a stanch advocacy of principle gains for him who makes it the charge of being "crazy," while a miserable sur-render and denial of principle is allowed to pass along without objection as "wise statesmanship." But such is the case, and. such has been the case many times be-fore in the world's history. But such things have never been known to weaken the cause of principle a particle. An Unprecedented Ruling A ruling that is without precedent so far as we know, and which if it becomes general will entirely deprive seventh-day observers of the scant protection that has 