EDITORIAL. 45 with Tammany in order to enjoy their privileges, but as between paying for their privileges and not having them at all they prefer to pay. They are not in favor of an administration that will take away the blackmail and the privileges together. "This does not apply exclusively to the vicious classes or the tradesmen who incidentally thrive on vice. Property owners like the good rents they are getting. Even respectable merchants who violate the sidewalk ordinances prefer to 'put up' for Tammany and con-tinue to enjoy their privileges of doing business out in the streets rather than have a police that will stop the payments and the use of the sidewalks at the same time." "Sunday closing has come this time to stay," says the Walla Walla (Wash.) Argus, "and updn this foundation we will build the structure of municipal reform." There is a widespread dispo-sition now to build many things good in themselves upon the foundation of Sun-day enforcement, but it is like building a house upon the sand, for Sunday en-forcement is wrong in principle and can add no strength to the cause with which it is connected. An organization calling itself the "National Patriotic Federation" has been organized for the purpose of oppos-ing the Federation of Catholic Societies, the organization of which is to be per-fected at Cincinnati early in December. This "Patriotic Federation" desires to "effect a union ' of all the subordinate bodies of the several patriotic orders in the United States," and will "oppose everything tending to a union of church and state, everything inimical to our free non-sectarian public schools, sand every  usurpation, or attempted usurpation, of arbitrary power." While organization is essential to any successful movement, it requires more than organization to successfully oppose Rome. She is an adept in the formation of "patriotic orders," and has the country full of them now. The truth is what she fears more than organizations. The Pan-American Exposition closed on November 2. It is said that the loss on the exposition exceeds more than four million dollars. Of the $2,5oo,000 put in by the stockholders they will receive not one penny. Al-ready the deficit is being attributed by some to Sunday opening. The Christian Advocate says that "this would be hard to prove," and that "there is a wide field for assertion and denial that 'great multi-tudes stayed away on that account." Ł "The great prosperity of the rail-roads" is being commented on by the newspapers. "The New Haven road has just awarded contracts for thirty engines and i ioo freight carsŠthe largest order of the kind ever given by that company at one time. This demand for new equipment is not peculiar to any one road or section of roads, but is every-where manifest." When this is taken in connection with the charge that the rail-roads are the great Sunday "desecrators" of the country, one can but wonder at the theory which holds that prosperity is dependent upon Sunday observance. "The prevention of crime and its pun-ishment represents a very important, and expensive item in the inventory of the alleged higher civilization," remarks an exchange. 