78  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY wrongly, many religious journals and representative religious men do advo-cate some form of Sunday opening. . . . Many prominent laymen have also taken the same ground. Are these eminent men wrong on this question ? Do  they misrepresent the church ? These are questions which must be an-swered, and they are not answered by showing that a much larger number of religious people for various reasons think the other way. Moreover, the fact must be noted that many, perhaps the majority, of the re-ligious people opposed to Sunday open-ing base their opposition on grounds that cannot be recognized by the state. They declare that the legalization of Sunday liquor selling would be a dese-cration of the Sabbath. Now, the state has no right to legislate in favor of mak-ing Sunday a holy day of religion. It can take no cognizance of any alleged desecration of the day. That is an argu-ment that has no place in secular legis-lation. Individual religious bodies can bind their members to any observance of Sunday that seems right to them. But the state can only regard Sunday as a legal holiday and see that nothing is  clone on that day which will interfere with its due observance by the citizens generally, religious and irreligious. The question for the legislature, therefore, is not whether the Sunday opening of sa-loons would desecrate a holy day of the church, but whether it would disturb the peace and quiet of the day and prevent religious people from observing it ac-cording to the dictates of their con-science. It may be that Sunday opening would disturb the peace and order of the day for a majority of citizens. In that case the proposition should be op-posed by all good citizens, even those who disbelieve in Christianity. That there is such a radical division of senti-ment on this question among good peo-ple is, on the whole, a fortunate circum-stance, for it insures a decision of the question on its merits. If all the relig-ious people opposed the proposition there might be danger of the legislature enacting a law recognizing Sunday as a holy day of religion. But as it is, the real issue involved in the question will he brought out, namely, whether Sunday opening is demanded by expediency and justice, not whether it contravenes cer-tain dogmas of religion. Religion and the State By W. N. Glenn WHILE the authority for civil gov-ernment is derived from God, the power by which such government exyZites its decrees physical force.  This is indicated IFIFFIThpture which tells us that the the ruler "is the minister of God," and that evildoers are to fear him because "he beareth not the sword in vain." The  last resort of civil government is the sword. Therefore, when God ordained such power in the hands of fallible man, it is clear that its jurisdiction was limited. Such government was made necessary in the earth by man's dropping below the condition in which he could be gov-erned without force. That jurisdiction would naturally be confined to the terri- 