THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 355 will of the state church upon dissenters. Thus it is in England to-day ; the state church is opposed by numerous non-conformist churches, as powerful as itself in their combined strength, and there is little if anything savoring of religious persecution in that country. The union is a mild thing because under the circumstances it cannot be otherwise. And the union of church and state in this country against which the National Reform party and its allies are so valiantly opposed, would necessarily be equally impotent. But not so of a union of the state with religion. For religion, in such a case, would represent a com-bination of the leading churches, and not merely one of them alone. The religious tenets to which the state would hold in becoming "Christian" would be those upon which the leading churches are united in their religious belief. All the churches would work to this end, and undoubtedly all would be taken into the scheme to insure its success. Then all the leading and powerful churches would be equally interested in main-taining the state religion, and the opposition would be practically nothing. Dissenters would have no powerful opposing body to stand between them and the will of the church combination executed by the state, and the combination would feel no fear to en-force its religious will by vigorous decrees. Dissenters being comparatively few, would be despised instead of feared and would be ground beneath the juggernaut of the state religion as is always done to dissenters under such circumstances. Thus a union of religion and the state, where there are a number of powerful churches, would be the most intolerant union that could be formed. It would be church and state union in its worst form. And, therefore, of all possible religio-political unions that are possible in this country, we want no union of the state with religion. s. "Salvation," remarks the Sunday School Times, "is not putting a man into heaven, but putting heaven into a man. It is not putting a sinful man into a law-abiding community, but writing the law of God in his heart and mind. The real question is not, What will we do under outward compulsion ? but, What will we do by inward choice? Salvation is not the change of circumstances, but that central change in us, that change of the heart, of its attitude, its intentions, of its choices, which will make it the conqueror, under all circumstances, in life's battles." Those who are trying to usher in the kingdom of God by constitutional amendment, by civil enactments, and some even by force of arms, should make a note of this. The Church and Its Power. For more than three hundred years after Christ the church had to make its way by a struggle with the Roman Empire, which had adopted the policy of no toleration for new religions. The persecution waged against the Christian church was inspired by a false system of religion which enjoyed the favor of the state and in fact held the reins of government in the empire. This persecution was often severe in the ex-treme, and finally reached the climax during the reign of Diocletian, when an attempt was made to utterly exterminate Christians and blot out the church and Christianity, by destroying all the sacred books of the Christians from the face of the earth. The church did not lose heart in this contest ; she knew that the Al-mighty was her source of strength and power. This fierce struggle ended in triumph for the church ; for the real author of this last persecution so far relented and became softened by the power of Christianity as to join the Emperor Constantine in an act of toleration of Christians in the year 311. This edict acknowledged the failure of persecution to accomplish any good for the empire, which at the beginning of its opposition to Christianity was at its zenith, but now was tottering to its fall. During this period of pagan persecution the voice of Christians was often heard in protest against the abuse of the power of the state, and in advocacy of the divine principle of religious liberty. Among the instances recorded in history are those of Justin Mar-tyr, Turtullian and Lactantius. It will be sufficient for the purposes of this article to refer to one of these. Turtullian, addressing the Proconsul of Carthage, says of Christians : "We are worshipers of one God, of whose existence and character nature teaches all men ; at whose light-nings and thunders you tremble ; whose benefits min-ister to your happiness. You think that others, too, are gods, whom we know to be but demons. How-ever, it is a fundamental, human right, and a privilege of nature, that every man should worship according to his own convictions. One man's religion neither harms nor helps another man. It is assuredly no part of religion to compel religion, to which free will, and not force, should lead us ; you will render no real service to your gods by compelling us to sacrifice. For they can have no desire of offering from the un-willing." Lactantius and others plead with the heathen in similar language! All of which may be received as evidence that the early Christians taught religious lio-erty as a doctrine of Christianity. It is sad, however, to note that the edict of Con-stantine was only the beginning of a transition to a new order of things ; for, in the process of time, Chris- 