44 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY r. Philadelphia are neither "cranks," "fanatics" nor "Puritan bigots." Those who oppose it have failed to grasp the real purpose of the Sunday-closinc,  movement. Philadelphia deseives the reputation of being not only the "most American city," but the one where the Christian Sabbath is the best observed of any of the large cities of the Union. But how long would it be true if there were no vigilant Sabbath Association? It is the foreign element almost exclusively that resists so bitterly the enforcement of, our beneficial laws. They are deter-mined, if possible, to do business here in this country as they might in cer-tain European countries where the Continental Sunday exists. As John Wanamaker, with characteristic force, so aptly said at the recent anniversary of the Sabbath Association: "Our fathers came over here and suffered privation and fought back the Indians in order to keep Sunday holy, and we, their descendants, must accept Sunday as an inheritance to be preserved against the opinions of immigrants who, in their native countries, knew little observance of this day. We're glad to see any immigrant except an anarchist, but they must learn that this is a country of the Lord's day, the Bible and the church. The Christian Sabbath is inseparably linked with our American institutions. Destroy that, and all other vices will increase. Those who are striving to maintain the day for rest are vitally interested in attacking every other form of iniquity. Referring to the case of Mr. John D. Farmakis, who has been fined some seventy times under the Sunday law on complaint of agents of the "Sab-bath" Association, Mr. Parkin said : This dealer steadily refuses to ac-knowledge the law of the State. I sub-mit that neither the Public Ledger nor any law-abiding citizen is justified in defending such a glaring exhibition of defiance of law as this Greek candy maker is showing to the citizens of Philadelphia, and Mr. Vail and Dr. Mutchler are to be commended, not censured, for demonstrating that they  are no respecters of persons in enforc-ing the law among candy dealers. In connection with the above com-munication another was published in which the writer presented the follow-ing case which had come under his per- sonal observation as illustrating "what extreme hardship the enforcement of the blue laws imposes upon the small dealer in soda water, candy, and ci-gars:" In the immediate locality in which I reside there is an old man and his wife who keep a small candy store in which is sold a few cigars, the entire stock not being worth $20 ; yet from this small place they manage to make a living and are content. The man is sixty-six years of age, and his wife a few years younger. He served four years in the Civil War, and was twice badly wounded. He receives a pension of $12 a month, which pays the rent of his home, so that he depends entirely upon the little store for subsistence for himself and wife. Last Sunday I dropped in and bought a cigar, and the subject of the enforced closing in-stituted by the Sabbath Association was talked about, and the poor old fel-low, with moistened eye, informed me that if he was compelled to close on Sunday, he would have to go to the Soldiers' Home, and his wife probably to the almshouse. Now what kind of Christianity can it be that would sepa-rate this happy, contented old couple, break up their little home and force them to become paupers? The following is from a communica-tion from Walter Whiteley, of Lan-caster, Pa., published on December 19:.  The Sabbath question is an important one, and especially at the present time,. when there is such a determined effort to destroy that time-honored institu-tion, which was made for man, and upon a proper observance of which true moral manhood depends for its development. To say that those who,  are trying to bring about this right observance ought to prosecute the greater criminals before those whom 