-n-ip SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 395 of ratifications had taken place. The importers, John Goetz & Co., appealed the matter to the board of general appraisers, which decided against the import-ers, who thereupon took the case to the United States court, contending that Porto Rico had become a part of the United States and within the tariff laws of the nation. Judge Townsend decides that Porto Rico is not a part of the United States to this extent and will not become such a part until Congress has expressly defined the status of the island to this effect. THE TREATY OF PEACE left with Congress the determination of "the civil rights and political status of the territories hereby ceded," and it was within the constitutional authority of the treaty-making power, says Judge Townsend, to give Congress unlimited power in the matter. Con-gress meantime has refused to extend the Constitution and the laws to the island, and accordingly it remains outside of the Constitution. It is foreign country so far as the Constitution is concerned, but United States territory as against other nations. Judge Townsend brings out no new authority or precedent in support of this side of the question, be-yond the STATEMENT OF CHIEF JUSTICE MARSHALL (in American insurance company against Carter) re-specting "the usage of the world" in the case of ceded territory : "It becomes a part of the nation to which it is annexed, either on the terms stipulated in the treaty of cession or on such as its new master shall impose." The gist of Judge Townsend's opinion is contained in the following : "To deny this power, to govern territory at arm's length would be to thwart that intention to make THE UNITED STATES AN UNFETTERED SOVEREIGN in foreign affairs. For if we wage war successfully we must some time become, as many think we are now, charged with territory which it would be the greatest folly to incorporate at once into our Union, making our laws its laws and its citizens our citizens, our taxes its taxes ; and which, on the other hand, international considerations and the sense of our responsibility to its inhabitants may forbid us to abandon. The construc-tion of the Constitution which would limit our sov-ereign power would force us into a dilemma between violating our duty to other nations and to the people under our care on the one hand, and violating our duty to ourselves on the other. That construction would in such case imperil the honorable existence of our re-public." And so the president and the Senate, as the treaty- making power, may annex any territory they are able to ; and may then delegate to Congress the power to act beyond the Constitution, and exactly as it pleases, in relation to the new territory. Now the duly constituted government of the United States may indeed be AN UNFETTERED SOVEREIGN IN FOREIGN AFFAIRS; but when foreign territory has once been an-nexed to the United States we come to deal not with a foreign, but with a domestic affairŠwith territory of the United States and not of some other sovereign power. And here is the fatal weakness in Judge Townsend's argument. When, therefore, he asserts the power of the president and Senate to dele-gate unlimited power to Congress in relation to terri-tory of the United States, he is obliged to maintain that the government at Washington is a government of unrestricted powers rather than one exercising a certain measure of delegated authority from a power paramount to that of president and Congress. Such views as these place the government above the people who created it, and who, in a written Con-stitution, imposed bounds upon the scope of its author-ity. They seem to us to be REVOLUTIONARY DOCTRINE and to mark with renewed emphasis the great change which is quietly being forced into American institu-tions to meet the needs of a revolutionary policy of dis-tant conquests and alien annexations. The people of the United States are, or were, the sovereign power in this country, and not the government at Washington. The people can, if they choose, delegate to president or Congress the unlimited power claimed for them by Judge Townsend ; but this the people have not as yet done, and until they have done so Congress can step beyond the constitutional law of its being, in the gov-ernment of territory of the United States only by an act of usurpation. Sunday Laws and the Workingman. There are a good many labor leaders who are not in favor of Sunday laws, preferring to secure what they desire in the way of a weekly rest day through their own organizations rather than appeal to the state. In this they are wise. The Sunday-keeping churches desire Sunday laws in their own interests. These interests demand laws not only prohibiting Sunday work but Sunday play as well. Writing upon this subject in the Michigan Sab-bath Watchman for October, 1891, Rev. Francis W. Ware said : "* * * Make it impossible to run the theaters, shut up the cigar stands, ice-cream saloons, and soda water fountains, and prevent baseball playing, put an end to railroad and other Sabbath excursions, and the masses will the more easily be turned to the house of God. Break down these sacrilegious but fascinating amusements and the church will have the right of way to our masses." This shows very plainly the real motive back of the 