THE "LORD'S DAY" LAWS 133 the day ought to be kept. Numberless testimonies might be given in support of this statement, but I will quote only one, the following from Chief Justice Ruffin, of the Supreme Court of North Carolina (State vs. Williams, Iredell, 303). Of-ficially he says : The truth is, that it [Sunday labor or amusements] offends us not so much because it disturbs us in practising for ourselves the religious duties, or enjoying the salutary re-pose or recreation of the day, as that it is, in itself, a breach of God's law and a violation of the party's own religious duty.ŠAmerican State Papers, p. Is a religious mental disturbance a proper matter for governmental protec-tion ? If so all the religious persecution of the past is, justified, for conformity was all that was ever asked for by per-secuting churches. 3. Another civil reason that is used largely for the compulsory cessation of labor and amusements on Sunday is " the right of the workman to his day of rest." It is said that such compillsion is necessary in order " to prevent Sunday slavery by preventing employers from compelling unwilling employees to labor on Sunday against their will." Sunday laws resting upon this ground furnish more than the right of the work-man to his day of rest, and do more than to prevent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday. They are tyrannical in their character and compel him to rest, by abstaining from labor and amuse-ments, whether he wants to or not. 4. It has also been urged that Sunday laws can be justified on civil grounds on the ground that " the state has the right to protect those who observe it as a sacred day from competition in business by those who do not regard it as sacred." If this reason is sound it would give the largest denomination in the State the right to compel every citizen to abstain from labor on all her sacred days, over  two hundred in number, with all the con-sequent poverty and want. 5. Still another reason given in favor of Sunday laws is that " the welfare of the nation depends upon it." If it is true that the welfare of the nation depends upon the enforced observance of a religious institution by law, the prin-ciple itself is established that enforced religious observances are essential to the welfare of the state. And if so in one case it must be in another, and so on until the result would be the intolerances of the Dark Ages. It will be observed that the " civil " arguments used in justification of restric-tions of religious liberty have been the same in every age. The prophets were persecuted because they troubled Israel; Christ was put to death as an enemy of the state; the apostles were denounced and persecuted as the disturbers of the peace. Robert Baird, in " Religion in America," says on this subject: The rulers of Massachusetts put the Quakers to death, and banished the Antinomians and Anabaptists not because of their religious tenets, but because of their violations of the civil laws; this is the justification which they pleaded, and it was the best they could make. Miserable excuse! But just so it is ; wherever there is such a union of church and state, heresy and heretical practices are apt to become violations of the civil code, and are punished no longer as errors in religion, but as infractions of the laws of the land. Sunday laws are a survival of the theo-cratic, intolerant principle in our national life, and are not " civil " but religious. When the physical and moral welfare of the citizen comes in conflict with the sacred character of the day, it does not weigh a feather. This is seen in the fact that a large class of wage-earners who are closely confined during the week, and to whom many forms of labor and amuse-ments that are .now prohibited by law upon Sunday would be a blessing both physically and morally, are now forbid- 