694  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ther and Roger Williams can never be wide, inviting the oppressed to shelter. rightly separated. Williams completed We have tasted the living fruits of what Luther began, and together they American institutions springing from the gave anew to the world and for all time mother roots of the Declaration and the the principles originally announced by ConstitutionÑour two arms of national Jesus Christ in the words : "Render to existence and power. The Goddess of Caesar the things that are Cxser's, and to Liberty has held aloft the torch of free- God the things that are God's."  dom more than a century. The nation arising out of the American  "How far that little candle throws its Revolution overturned all papal princi-  beams !" Our sound went throughout ples and established for the enlighten-  the earth ; the Orient and Occident an-ment of all nations the first national gov-  swered with their teeming millions of ernment ever established upon the earth oppressed souls. in accord with the principle announced  But we have reached a crisis in re- by Christ for mankind and civil govern-  ligious and political history. We have ment. We have seen our nation come up met and passed it, and the majority of the like a plant, then grow into a beautiful, people are apathetic because they do not majestic tree, spreading its branches realize it. And still the deadlock in the great an-thracite coal strike continues. The strike has now been on for four months. Hard coal is now (Sept. 24) retailing at $15 per ton, and soft coal has also ad-vanced to more than double its normal price. The outlook for the coming win-ter is very serious; a severe coal famine is almost a certainty, which will entail great suffering upon the poor and will probably produce "coal riots" in the cities. A dealer says : "No coal for heating purposes in dwellings has been delivered since the strike began. The situation is much graver than most per-sons understand. From Portland to Chicago there is no coal, and when the increased demand comes I don't know where the people will get fuel." The Springfield Republican says : "Were the United States at war, with a block-ade around us and prices soaring as they did in the Confederacy, we could not be in a worse plight." Public sentiment is  almosf unanimous in placing the respon-sibility for this condition of things upon the heads of the coal trust, or in other words upon the heads of the railroad companies owning the principal lines in the coal regions, for these companies are in illegal control of the coal mining busi-ness. These magnates have refused from the beginning to take any step toward settling the matter, evidently content to let the public suffer. The whole thing has given a great impetus to the idea of governmental control of great public in-dustries, at least of coal mining. Great journals that scout at Socialism are ask-ing why it is any more necessary for the coal supply to be in the hands of irre-sponsible private parties than for the supply of light, air, or water to be. It is another of the big battles in the war between capital and labor, a war which grows more serious all the time and which more and more threatens indi-vidual freedom. 