Minnesota's Attitude Concezning Religion in Public Schools [A short time ago it was announced that the attorney general of Minnesota had rendered an opinion to the effect that the recital of the Lord's Prayer in the public schools of that State was unconstitutional. In response to a request for a copy of this opinion, Hon. W. B. Douglas, the present attorney general, says that no new opinion has been rendered by him, but that he has simply concurred in the opinion of former Attorney General Childs. Under date of December io, 1895, Mr. Childs, as attorney general, wrote the following letter to lion. W. W. Pendergast, superintendent of public instruction.ŠEditor.] ---I IR: You inquire whether it is law-ful to open a public school with a recital of the Lord's Prayer. The question involves a construction of Section 16 of Article 1 of the constitu-tion, wherein it is, among other things, provided: "Nor shall any man be com-pelled to attend, erect, or support , any place of worship." In the absence of that provision, I should not hesitate in answering your question in the affirmative. Indeed, there is a strong array of well considered cases in States whose constitutions are not thus characterized, to the effect that it is a question for the school authorities to de-termine whether or not a public school shall be opened with prayer and the read-ing of the Scriptures. Wisconsin and Minnesota, so far as my examination ex-tends, stand alone in respect to such a provision. In the first named State, the su-preme court, after exhaustive argument and in a carefully considered opinion, held that the reading of the Scriptures in a public school was in violation of the constitution in that it compelled one to support a place of worship. (State vs. School District, 76 Wis., 177.) No occasion has arisen for a construc-tion by our own court of the said provi- sion. It was held by one of my prede-cessors at an early day, and some time prior to the decision reached by the Wis-consin court, that the reading of the Scriptures is a matter over which the  board' of education or board of trustees has complete control. (Op. Attys. Gen. 83.) But on a later occasion it was said that "when the use of the Scriptures in a common school is objected to by the par-ents or guardians of pupils on account of religious or conscientious scruples, their adoption as a text-book is improper and the pupil may decline to use them for the same reason, without being liable to be deprived of the privileges of the school." (Op. Attys. Gen. 229.) No distinction can in principle be drawn between the opening of a school with prayer or the reading of the Scrip-tures, so far as the question pertains to the violation of the provision above named. If one is unlawful, the other is also. It is the purpose of the law of this State to permit no intrusion into our pub-lic schools of any religious teachings whatsoever. They are to be kept purely secular in character, and as places where the children of parents of every shade of religious belief may assemble for pur-poses of instruction in authorized sub-jects and incidental moral improvement. The judicious teacher will never attempt to institute such a practise in schools against the wishes of the parents of his pupils. In view of the decision by the Wiscon-sin courts you are advised that the prac-tise, however frequently tolerated or in-dulged in, is violative of the constitution. 