SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 79 der the heading, " Saloon ists and Sun-day Closers May Unite for State En-forcement of the Sunday Law :" "With the practically assured assistance of the mayor and common council and the strong endorsement of the committee of Sunday closers, together with other pastors in this city, it is possible that within the next few weeks a great petition will be started, asking Gov. La Follette to enforce the State Sun-day-closing law throughout the Com-monwealth. Local saloon men say they are perfectly willing to close their places of business on Sundays, but they do not want their business usurped by dealers in other nearby cities. The scheme is to start a petition in this city, and with the co-operation of pastors and others in other cities start a similar  petition in other municipalities, asking the chief executive of the State to use his power in seeing that the State law providing against the prosecution of unnecessary work on Sundays is ob-served in every city, town, and village in Wisconsin. A considerable percent-age of Appleton's liquor dealers vol-untarily closed their places last Sun-day. Many more will close in a like manner next Sunday, and the great ma-jority in the city express themselves as being perfectly willing to continue so to do as long as the law is made man-datory upon all." At Minnesota Lake, Minn., on Sun-day, November 15, "every business place was closed Sunday for the first time in years." Will YOU Not Make Use of One or Both of These Blanks ? Send THE SENTINEL to some one else if you are taking it yourself. Remit by Postoffice or Express Money Order. Where paper money or silver is sent the letter should always be reg-istered. Blank for one year's subscription Publishers Sentinel of Christian Liberty, 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. Gentlemen: Find inclosed one dollar ($1) for which please send The Sentinel to the following address for one year, beginning with the issue of  1904 ; Name  Place  Street or County  State  Blank for six months' subscription Publishers Sentinel of Christian Liberty, 222 N. Capitol Street, Washington, D. C. Gentlemen : Find inclosed fifty cents (50 cts.) for which please send The Sentinel to the following address for six months, beginning with the issue of 1904 Name  Place.  Street or County  state  