696 THE SENTINEL OF According to the secretary and man-ager of the Canadian "Lord's Day" Alliance, Rev. J. G. Shearer, "five archbishops of the Roman Catholic Church are pledged to do all in their power to secure a Dominion Lord's day act." It is to be hoped that "Protest-antism" and Roman Catholicism in Canada will not be allowed to carry through this church-and-state scheme in behalf of which they have become allies without meeting the vigorous challenge and opposition that they should. There is occasion just now for making the Sunday-law question a live one throughout Canada. Cardinal Gibbons has declared that "a close observer cannot fail to note the dangerous inroads that have been made on the Lord's day in this country during the last thirty years." And a close observer cannot fail to note the dangerous inroads that in the last fif-teen years have been and are now being made upon fundamental American principles and upon the rights of American citizens in behalf of the "Lord's day." "Dangerous. inroads upon the Lord's day" afford no reason or justification for dangerous inroads upon the rightful liberty of citizens. "A long discussion over the duties of Christians relative to Sabbath ob-servance" took place at a Presbyterian synod session in St. Paul, Minn., on October 12. The report of it does not state whether or not it was pointed out that Christians have no duty relative to Sabbath observance in the way of coercion and compulsion of others in the matter. This is certainly a point that should be emphasized at such dis-cussions in these days. The liberty, both religious and civil,  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ' of the citizen should at least be es-teemed as highly and as, carefully guarded by the public laws as is the character, religious or "civil," of the "Lord's day"; and the first should at least be interfered with and invaded by the public for no less urgent and im-portant reasons of public necessity than those upon which are permitted a dis-regard of the latter. "Sunday, which is the day recog-nized in law as the day to be observed by suspension of business," is an ex-pression worth noting that occurs in the report of some Sunday-enforcement cases given by the Minneapolis (Minn.) Commercial Bulletin. It is Sunday ob-servance that is required by the laws commanding the suspension of busi-ness on that day. Resolution's "condemning the Sun-day opening of the Illinois State Fair were passed at the session of the Con-gregational church of Illinois" at Springfield on October 21. The reso-lutions called on "all members of the church to do all in their power to put a stop to the Sunday opening, and con-demned the State board of agriculture in harsh terms." It is reported that a daughter of President Roosevelt is being educated at, or at least is being sent at present to, a Roman Catholic school. The Pres-. ident and his wife are Protestants, he being a member of the Reformed . Church. A law which has to appeal to and de-pend upon the fact of its existence for justification of its existence is a law that has no reason for existence. 