AN INDICTMENT OF NEW YORK'S SUNDAY LAW  809 feiture of property and personal liberty, which is the penalty imposed by our laws for infamous , crimes where the penalty is not death ; and if this does not constitute an infamous crime I know of no general rule or character- istic by which public crimes that are infamous are to be distinguished from those that are not so. If, then, labor and recreation on Sunday, are, as the law in question affects to deem them, acts of immorality (mala in se), it would be right by law to interdict them and punish the of-fenders with fine or imprisonment, or both. But the offender against a moral and statute law is a public criminal, and is entitled to all the rights and privileges which the constitution se-cures to other public offenders. Now how ought an offender against the law in question to be charged, arrested and "held to answer" for that alleged im-moral act, that public crime ? I will first state what the constitution de-clares shall not be done : No person shall be held to answer for an infamous crime, unless by presentment or indict-ment of a grand jury. Hence if an offense against a law which prohibits actions which are mala in se is an in-famous crime, the law in question, by authorizing the conviction and punish-ment of offenders "without present-ment or indictment of a grand jury," directly violates the constitution. Although I might rely with perfect confidence on this argument as suffi-ciently tenable to sustain the position I now have taken, I am not driven to the necessity of trusting its support to the issue of a single isolated argument. Under all circumstances I cannot expect it to obtain what I deem to he its due consideration. In truth I find the term "infamous crime," even in legal par- lance, so vague, uncertain and unde-fined as to render it hazardous to rest  any weighty argument upon it. It is really a matter of astonishment as well as of regret that so vague a phraseology should be used in our constitution to define the rights of man and guard them against the abuse of legislative or other political power. But allowing the alleged offense not to be in legal parlance an infamous crime, admitting it to be a crime of less degree, or a mere misdemeanor, still it is unconstitutional on another ground. The constitution further declares what shall not be done in the case before us : "No person shall be deprived of life or liberty without due process law." What is meant here by the terms "due process of law" but the "process" and proceedings directed by law to be had in criminal cases, and which the constitution, the supreme "law of the land," declares shall be "presentment or indictment of a grand jury." No one will be so weak , as to contend that any person can be consti-tutionally "deprived of life" for , a crime without the intervention of a grand jury. Is not then the "present-ment or indictment of a grand jury" included in the terms "due process of law," and if so, does not the provision of the constitution last quoted mean that "no person shall be deprived of life" without the "due process" of in-dictment, etc.? And when the above-quoted clause of the constitution de-clares that "no person shall be deprived of liberty without due process of law," do not these words include in this as in the other instance "presentment, or indictment of a grand jury"? Those terms are used and applied to guard the right of personal liberty, in the same sense in which they are used to guard the right of life. If the legislature has no constitu-tional right to enact a law by which a person would be "deprived of life" 