276 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY is not with me is against me.' " "And the peace of Christ," continues Professor Philipps, 'is very easily reconciled with the sword which he has also brought, by which father is divided from son, broth-er from brother. The peace of Christ, and therewith that of the Church, goes hand in hand with truth and justice, not with error and immorality; it goes hand in hand with unity, but not with division. For the preservation of unity this peace calls for the sword to separate brother from brother, in order that brother might not separate brother from the unity of the Church." Moreover, the Church has the right, in virtue of her divine commission, to require of everyone to accept her doc-trine; whosoever obstinately refuses, or obstinately insists upon the election out of it of what is pleasing to himself, is against her, "But were the Church," continues Professor Philipps, "to toler-ate such an opponent, she must tolerate another; if she tolerate one sect, she must tolerate every sect, and thereby give her-self up.',11  So far Professor Philipps. In the fore-going passages I have quoted from him verbatim, in order that there might be no mistake as to the meaning of so great an authority on the question as to the tolerance of errors in the matter of re-ligion. In a succeeding paragraph, how-ever, the writer draws a distinction be-tween the divine law and that positive human law which has developed itself in the course of history. According to divine law, he says, every magistrate, whether spiritual or temporal, must in every respect take his stand on the principle of religious intolerance, but 11 The doctrine of intolerance is here presented in all its baldness. Of Course the church which has substituted the power of politics and the sword for the power of Christ cannot be expected to tolerate those who differ from her. When she has no longer the power of love, of holiness, but only the power of the state, she cannot relinquish the right to perse- nevertheless this is not the principle of the law which has historically constituted itself. In this law many modifications are introduced by treaties which are to be held sacred, by Institutions confirmed by oath, and the like. Therefore, accord-ing to positive human law, that intimate alliance which is required by the divine law does not always exist between the two Powers destined to rule the world.12  Unfortunately we all know too well as a fact the modifications which have taken place in the divine constitution of society; but what is so necessary to enforce, is the vast distinction between the respect for rights that have sprung up out of the compulsory modifications of a principle divine in its origin, and the entire or vol-untary abandonment of that principle. It must, however, be remembered that just now I am treating of what I have called the Catholic theory of the relations between the temporal and spiritual Pow-ers. I shall in the course of this paper or of the next have to come across the historical modifications which have arisen in those relations and shall have to en-counter, not only the modification but the partial destruction, and in some instances and for a time, the total abandonment, of that principle which divine Providence has laid down as the basis on which the government of human society rests. Lest I should seem just now to be giv-ing too religious a character to this dis-cussion, or rather to be giving too theo-cratic a view of the constitution of so-ciety, may I be allowed to recall the fact familiar to everyone that the State is co-eval with the human race itself, that the knowledge of the divine constitution of cute without "giving herself up;" for she is nothing but a persecuting power, and to cease to persecute is for her to cease to be. 12  And fortunate it is, indeed, that such is the case, for if this alliance did exist in all its intimacy all the time the ages of darkness and persecution would be perpetual. 