846 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tion on Sunday evening, nor any reading room where men who are not living at home could spend the evening. But con-siderations of this sort carry little weight with the champions of Sunday enforce-ment. Reason is not their guide. From the village of Clintonville, Conn., a correspondent sends us this item : "On the evening of October 20 two Italian young men were tried before Judge A. F. Austin for shooting on Sunday. The judge read a law to the effect that a per-son seen with a gun in his hands on Sun-day can be fined not less than ten and not more than fifty dollars. One of the young men was dismissed because wit-ness did not see him with a gun in his hand. The other pleaded guilty, and was fined $10 and costs, amounting in all to $35.35Ł The sheriff who made the ar-rest received $20 for his share ! The sheriff is an habitual drinker and cares nothing for principle. It is evident that money was the sole object in this attempt at 'protecting' the 'American Sabbath.' " The fifteenth annual convention of the W. C. T. Union of Hudson County, N. J., in session in Jersey City late in Septem-ber, adopted resolutions against Sunday ball playing, each member pledging her-self "to do all in her power to stop it." The president of the union declared : "It seems to be a terrible thing, wherever there is an open field or space in the out-skirts of our town, to see boys and men playing ball on Sunday, and, worse yet, to see good Christians standing looking on. It is all wrong. It is breaking the Sabbath observance law." One member declared that the only way to stop it was "for the voters to put in another magis-trate" in the place of Chief of Police Murphy, who, she declared, "will not ar-rest anybody for playing ball on Sun-day." A large delegation of Łcitizens recently waited upon the city council of Neenah, Wis., and "presented numerously signed petitions asking for the enforcement of the law against Sunday opening of sa-loons" and other regulations that the sa-loons were violating. Whereupon "the opponents of Sunday saloon closing pointed to the fact that a city ordinance forbids the running of mills as well as saloons on Sunday," and threatened that if the ordinance were enforced against the saloons they would "bring suit to have it also enforced against the paper mills which run Sunday, and all other forms of Sunday labor." The manufac-ture of paper is one of the leading indus-tries of Neenah, and this threat caused some stir, especially in paper mill circles. The Louisiana Planter, published at New Orleans, in its issue of October 25, contained an article on "Sunday Labor," from which we take the following : Our Canadian cousins are somewhat peculiar when they come to consider the question of Sunday labor. It is now reported that prose-cutions have been inaugurated at Wallaceburg against the employees of the sugar beet factory there who were charged with working on Sun-day. Six men pleaded guilty and were fined $2 each and costs, and the company has finally agreed not to do any more work on Sunday, and the rest of the cases have not been pressed. We should judge from what is said that the population of the place where these prosecutions occurred was largely made up of Canadians. The object of the Planter's article was to convince "our Canadian cousins" that sugar manufac-turing could not be carried on profitably if it was to be stopped on Sundays. A newspaper dispatch from Richmond, Va., under date of October 21, contained the following : The newspaper publishers here and all the 