614 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. these tortures he weakened, and said he guessed the world did not move. They let him out because he lied thus, just as they had previously shut him up because he told the truth. But when he got out and the free air of heaven once moreŁ fanned his fevered cheek, he said, " Still she moves." And she did move; and to-day the whole world knows that she did move. The truth held in the heart of one man, and but tremblingly even there, and that man in a dungeon and all the world against him, was-stronger than the lie with all the combined powers of the church and the world behind it. Could there ever be a harder 'show for the triumph of truth? Yet even here it has triumphed gloriously, and so it continues to ,triumph thrOugh persecution and through crucifixion. It is conscious of its own inherent strength, and so asks no other power. Truth is almighty, for truth is divine, as God is the Truth. It is always the lie that, conscious of its own in-herent weakness, is ever beseeching the state for the power of legislatures and courts and armies to en-able it to compete with truth. It is a lie to-day that in the form of Sunday asks for legislation to en-able it to put down the truth of the Sabbath of the Lord. It is a corrupted, apostate, and therefore a false form of Christianity that to-day is asking for force to enable it to triumph overŁ the truth of God for this time. But still the defeat of the lie is certain, for " The hail shall sweep away the refuge of lies, and the waters shall overflow their hiding place." He who does not believe that the truth will con-quer the lie on a fair field does not believe that God is as strong as Satan, for God is the Truth and Satan is the father of lies, and lying is still his principal weapon. Thus the church is now denying the power of God, and confessing her own weakness before the world by asking the aid of the civil power. But let Satan and evil men do their worst, the triumph of the truth is still certain, and those who are cru-cified with it will surely triumph with it. G. E. FIFIELD. AMIDST the almost unexampled turmoil and strife that has filled the world since the Hague " Peace Congress," the solemn farce of concluding treaties based on its decisions is still carried on by the na- tions. Ł LEGAL CHRISTIANITY. From the " Bible Echo," Melbourne, Aust. GOD'S message to humanity is, " If ye love me keep my commandments; " but man's message to his fellow is, " Love or no love, you must keep our Sun-day laws." Now, when a man desires to obey religious laws he may be made better for both earth and heaven, but when a man is compelled to obey religious laws he is only forced into being a hypocrite, and thus rendered more unfit for either earth or heaven. It is very natural for the mind of man to say, "You must think and believe and act as 1 dictate." But this natural spirit Is the one that blossomed into the Papacy, and brought forth a harvest of death in the slaughter of 5o,000,000 of martyrs. Yet just so far as dissenters lay hold on methods of coercion in matters of religion they are actuated by the same spirit as that which made Rome the terror of the ages; and, if granted opportunity to develop, it must bear the same kind of fruit. No man can be made better by any outward ob-servance of a religion that he does not recognize and accept with his mind. The state has a right to say to its citizens, " You must not injure the life of your neighbor. You must not defile his home relations, steal his property or steal his character." These things stand between man and man, and are the only four rulesŠsixth, seventh, eighth and ninth com-mandmentsŠof the decalogue that human legisla-tion can touch; and even these can not be imposed by earthly powers as the law of God, but simply as civil requirements between man and man. Anything more than this in the line of religious legislation cometh of evil, and also brings evil. All legal forms grip outside the man, and thus invite the man to wage war against their interference. Love works from within and transforms theŁ man until he is in harmony with the law. But no earthly power can generate love in manŠthat is the work of God's SpiritŠconsequently can not transform the man. The man who does not do the wrong because nine hundred policemen step in to prevent him is just as bad as the man who does the wrong whenever he has the chance. The true servant of God has nothing to do with all this business. " If you love me keep my com-mandments," is God's message still. The police-man's club may make a man take his hand off his neighbour's goods, but it can never make him a 