THE PHILADELPHIA DECISION 249 sary to give it validity or make it susceptible of enforcement, and that the definition of the acts intended to be affected or excepted by the act were indefinite, shifting and uncertain; that the first interdict of the act is against the doing or performing of " any worldly employment or business whatsoever on Sunday," and this is the foundation of and only descriptive portion of the enacting clause of the statute. In short, that no crime is committed, no offense de-scribed, except when and as the magistrate may so consider it; that no definition of any act which if done would constitute a crime in itself is set forth in the act, but, on the contrary, that no crime can possibly be committed or is committed unless in the judgment of the mag-istrate it is a crime. The determination of what is worldly work is left to the varying opinions of the magis-trates, which may be no better, or perhaps worse, than the opinion of the person (at least so far as the intelligent ascertainment of what constitutes worldly employment is concerned) charged with the offense. In every other crim-inal statute it will be found that the act which constitutes the crime is specifically and often most carefully and minutely defined and de-scribed. It is not left to the magistrate or judge's opinion of what acts make it a crime, but the acts having been specifically stated, the commission or omission of them is a crime, and the only responsibility cast upon the mag-istrate or judge is to determine from the evi-dence if the acts so specifically stated in the statute have been committed or omitted. It seems to me that the weaknesS and impos-sibility, at least the uncertainty, of construc-tion in this matter is that the magistrate's opin-ion of what constitutes " worldly " employment is what must govern in determining whether a crime has been committed or not. The stat-ute itself does not describe or designate " world- ly" employment, and any criminal enactment which leaves the description of crime to the Private judgment of the magistrate is wanting in validity, because it is no definite standard for the guidance of the citizens. What does " worldly employment " mean? Chief Justice Lowrie, in Commonwealth vs. Nesbitt, 34 Pa., 398, said : " Very evidently, worldly is contrasted with religious, and the worldly employments are prohibited for the sake of the religious ones." Therefore, the mean- ing of the word " worldly " may be assumed to be that all employment and occupations of men in this world are worldly. And yet the opinions of men as to what constitutes " world-ly " employment will be as varying as their  habits, dispositions or religious views. What would seem " worldly " to one, to another would seem religious and devout. And it has. been held in our own State that the question of what constitutes " worldly " employment un-der this act depends upon the sentiments and customs of the particular community where the alleged crime was committed. Numerous. and varying constructions have been placed upon the meaning of the word " worldly " by our highest judicial tribunal, and work and employment approved which were not of char-ity and necessity and certainly not religious. What guide is a person to have of what con-stitutes " worldly " employment when in Com-monwealth vs. Nesbitt (supra) it was held not a " worldly employment " to drive a carriage on Sunday in which were certain persons, not travelers, while in Johnston vs. Commonwealth,. 22 Pa., 102, the conviction for running an om-nibus on Sunday was affirmed. It is true that in the latter case the work was for hire, but this should not make any difference, since the act of 1794 prohibits any worldly employment or business, irrespective of whether for hire or not. Our State reports contain many cases where the courts of superior jurisdiction have been called upon to determine whether acts Šnot religious, or of necessity or charityŠwere worldly employment, and hence a viola-tion of the act. Surely any statute which re-quires judicial help to define its enacting clause-can scarcely be such a definite and certain de-scription of what constitutes an offense as to make it susceptible of enforcement, and this is specially true when we consider that even these judicial constructions have not always been uniform and have been from time to time, for various reasons, changed and extended. Since the judicial construction of what con-stitutes " worldly employment " is not always the same, and this construction varies at dif-ferent times, how is it possible that the opinion of the magistrate upon the same subject may be infallible, and if not so then a person is liable to be convicted of an act which may or may not be a crime, but which one magistrate believes to be a crime and which another may not. Surely there must be a more definite standard and more explicit enactment than that which leaves, not the innocence or guilt of the person to be determined, but whether the mag-istrateŠnot the lawŠdeclares an act to be a crime. However uncertain and indeterminate the statute may be with respect to the word " worldly," it is still more so in the phraseol-ogy it adopts in excluding from its prohibition 