430  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY shall be like a city that is set upon a hill, whose light will penetrate far and wide; that we shall be like those who culti- vate a sweet garden, the garden of Lib-erty, whose fragrance will be wafted to the ends of the earth. Another Ominous Tendency* *From sermons preached within the last nine months by Dr. Minot J. Savage at the Church of the Messiah (Unitarian) in New York. colored people in the Northern States as well as in the South ; when you re-produce the conditions the same old quali-ties of this human nature of ours are likely to make themselves apparent and felt. I can understand violence in Turkey, in Russia, in a good many other parts of the world ; for there the people have no rights which are allowed and respected. They have no voice in the government; they have no peaceable method of redress or change. But there is not the shadow of a shade of an excuse for violence under ordinary conditions in a republic like ours. Who rules this republic ? You do : I do. Each man has a share in it. He is at liberty to write and print; he is at liberty to talk in private and to preach in public. He is at liberty to do everything he possibly can to change public opinion, to get new laws passed, new ideals ac-cepted, new methods established. Any-thing is open and is possible in a republic where all the people have a vote ; and under such conditions as these there is absolutely no possible excuse for violence. And we shall not be civilized, we shall not have a right to claim that we are civilized, until mob violence anywhere and for any cause is immediately, ruth-lessly, stamped out. It is barbarism, pure and simple. And yet, if the stories that come to us are true, it is increasing; and the danger is that the people will get ac-customed to it, become tolerant of it ; and, when they do, they share in the barbarous nature of that which they permit and condone. We are getting altogether too indif-ferent to such matters. If things had HERE is a growing tendency towards T  violence North and South, East and West, not only. in the relations between the whites and the colored people, but in ¥ the relations between workmen and their employers, not only among grown people, but even among the children. If the matter has been accurately re-ported, there was a strike the other day in Albany on the part of the messenger boys. They have a perfect right to strike; they have a perfect right to devote themselves to arguing with and persuading other boys not to interfere with the success of the strike; they have a right by every peaceable method to carry out their pur-poseÑbut even the boys have taken to violence of late. They stoned the police; they interfered in every way with other boys who proposed to take their places, The point is this : When a group of men wishes to have its way, they who constitute the group are getting less and less inclined to take the peaceable method of persuasion or of appealing to the law or of trying by the ballot to accomplish their end, and are reverting to barbarism ; ' for that is simply what it means If half the stories of what occurred at the mines in Pennsylvania during the last year be true, there was violence there that should not be permitted for an hour. If half the stories that come to us from the South be true, there is mob Violence there that should not be permitted for an hour. If half the stories that come to us from the West be true, there is mob violence there Ñviolence as between the whites and the 