366 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY olicism in this country can be thrown for or against any measure which they may demand or denounce. With Protestant-ism forsaking its principles, and prac-tically apologizing for the very things' against which its founders protested, it is not difficult to see the tremendous pos-sibilities before the Catholic Federation. The things which it demands of the leg-islators will be granted, and continue to be granted, until every Protestant and re-publican principle has been plucked out of the Government. This is no dream. Those principles are already being plucked up at a rate that must astonish even the ones who do the plucking. The establishment of the American Govern-ment was a revolt against the papal idea as well as against the monarchical idea. The great trend now is back again to- ward those very ideas. The principles upon which that Government was found-ed are jeered out of court, and are openly attacked on every hand. The Declaration of Independence is now labeled "the old Philadelphia lie ;" and the people do not protest. The principle of the separation of church and state is being fought more insidiously, if less openly; and thus is the ground cleared for the rapid and effective work of the federated Catholic societies. America was instrumental in giving to the papal power its "deadly wound." When that wound has been "healed," as it will be, it will be found that America has been a powerful influence in the heal-ing. And Catholic federation and an al-lied apostate Protestantism will be the right and left arms of the influence that brings it about.ŠSigns of the Times. " Clyistian? " By Arthur Bales "Christian ?" No, no, not Christian ! How dare you that name give To a nation vile and bloody, Where only self does live? "Christian?" No, no, not Christian, While blood is in her hand; Although she gained some islands, Hers is not a Christian land. "Gained them for to civilize; Civilize by war," you say. Did she select Satan's method ? Christ works another way. Civilize is to make civil; Can sword and shell and shot Serve to make the living civil, While the dead are left to rot? Yes, it's true she needs expansion ; To extend good deeds some; But to all deeds bad and bloody, Let swift extinction come. "Christian?" Silence, lest the heathen, From their sandy islands there, Rebuke us with the living words Of the Christ we claim to hear. If the Filipinos are to learn to govern themselves in the manner of the really free nations, the sooner they get at it, the better.ŠPresident J. G. Schurman. The more the people yield to oppres-sion the more severely will they be dealt with for their cowardice by their op-pressors.ŠSaturday Evening Post. 