494 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY At Fostoria, Ohio, on July 6, J. G. Kerschner was fined $25 and costs for " keeping his saloon open on Sunday."ŠAt St. Peter, Minn., on July 15, Karl Pauling was fined $3o and costs, amount-ing in all to $85.62, " for selling liquor on Sunday."ŠAt Fairmount, Pa., on July 6, the proprietors of the Marion Hotel were fined $5o and costs " for selling whiskey on Sunday."ŠThe secretary of the W. C. T. U. in Weston, Texas, has requested the sheriff by letter " to close up all saloons on Sunday."ŠAt Ottumwa, Iowa, on July 13 two saloonmen were fined $25 each " for running their saloons open on Sunday." A Sunday-closing order had been issued by the chief of police.ŠThe police board of North Tona-wanda, N. Y., recently passed a resolu-tion " directing the police to see that the Raines law is enforced, especially that provision relative to Sunday closing."ŠA Sunday-closing crusade against saloons was recently started at Sault Ste. Marie, Mich., and several arrests were made. The saloonmen threaten " to retaliate by strictly enforcing the State law compel-ling the cessation of all classes of busi-ness and amusements on Sunday."ŠThere were 144 arrests for Sunday liquor selling in Greater New York on July 19. An agreement has been entered into between the journeymen barbers' union and the master barbers' association in Davenport, Iowa, whereby the members of the latter agree " to close on Sunday providing the journeymen's union causes all shops to close." If the union does not bring about a condition of universal Sunday closing the members of the master barbers' association will resume Sunday opening and no longer recognize the union. On July 12 some half dozen " small shops that have not been union-ized " were open. The journeymen's union at once met and appointed a com-mittee of five members " to take action  to close all shops on Sunday." " In case a visitation to the shops fails to bring about their closing the barbers will file complaints against the offenders, and will prosecute them under the Sunday-closing statute," but " they will use the courts as a last resort only." The county attorney has stated that he " will prosecute all cases filed by the barbers." The members of the union " say they will do all in their power to protect the master barbers who have acquiesced in their demand for Sun-day closing." This case is significant of developments that may be expected in the sphere of industry in the matter of Sun-day enforcement. The combinations of employees and employers, usually arrayed against one another, will combine against those who desire to exercise the right to labor and do business on Sunday. Some of the Instances Clergymen of Grand of Enforcement Against Ball Island, Neb., repre- Playing senting the Presbyte-rian, Methodist, Baptist, Congregational, Lutheran and Christian churches, are seeking to stop Sunday ball playing. They desire " to amicably settle the mat-ter without resorting to the measures that have been adopted at Nebraska City and other points," but yet, it is said, are " con-sulting and acting upon the advice of some of the best legal counsel to be had in the city." A committee of the clergy-men went to the baseball management with the request that they discontinue the Sunday playing. They were told that " there was no particular desire to have games on Sunday, but such was the cus-tom because the people did not patronize them on week days." They were assured that " if the necessary support for week-day games could be assured by the church people, there would be no difficulty in granting the requestŠotherwise there must be Sunday ball or no ball." The clergymen then began the circulation of petitions " directed to the mayor and the Ł Ł 