The Workman and the Clergymen WORKMAN TO CLERGYMEN.ÑThank you, gentlemen; I do not need such assistance. When it becomes necessary to take action against efforts to deprive me of a weekly rest-day, I think I shall not have to trouble the clergymen for assistance. Have you not observed that in those things in which some-thing really needed to be done, such as shortening the length of the working day, securing better con-ditions in work-shops and factories, removing abuses with regard to women and child labor, and the securing and maintaining a good scale of wages, that whatever success has been attained thus far has been due almost entirely to the efforts of the workers themselves? This has made us strong, and therefore if the issue in which seems to be comprised all the interest that you have for the working people ever becomes as important as you are so anxious to have us believe it is at present, I can assure you that we will be able to attend to the matter. CLERGYMEN TO WORKMAN.ÑOhl my dear sir, you do not understand our object. Of course we are profoundly interested in improving the condition of the working people, and we are deeply pained at whatever hardships they suffer, but since you have spoken so plainly we will divulge our real purpose in this matter. While it is true that we have taken the liberty to represent you as a helpless cripple in need of the crutch of Sunday legislation, we have done it in behalf of a good cause, which we thought it best not to urge upon its own merits. My dear sir, the Sabbath is in great danger, and it must be maintained; the Fourth Commandment must be bolstered up .with the power and authority of the civil law. This is our object; and now since you have accomplished so much in your own behalf, won't you lend us your aid in saving the Sabbath? Although we have represented the workingman as a helpless slave whom we were. to emancipate by means of Sunday legislation, we know that he is a great deal stronger than .we are, and we believe, after all, that it is only through his efforts that the Sabbath can be saved by law. Now, won't you help us, please? WORKMAN TO CLERGYMKN.ÑI am sorry that you have deemed it expedient to employ some very doubtful methods in behalf of what you consider such a good cause. But your cause itself, so far as legislation is concerned, is entirely wrong. Whatever the merits of the Sabbath cause may be in itself, there can be nothing good in legislation on the subject. I do not care to lend any assistance whatever to efforts which have as their object the enforcement of a religious observance by law, for I deem such to be both un-American and un-Christian, and to have no promise whatever of good in it for the working people or any other class. Good day, gentlemen. 