296 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the order, quiet, and peace that belongs to Sunday as a day of worship." These two things will not hang together. The promotion of "the order, peace, and quiet that belong to Sunday as a day of wor-ship" is a promotion of Sunday-keeping from the religious standpoint so far as it is possible for a political power to act from that standpoint. No political power has ever gone further into religion in the most relentless of religious persecutions. It is because these things will not hang together that recourse is now had in de-fense of Sunday legislation to "the abso-lute necessity that a day of rest should be preserved for the great mass of work-ingmen and women." If such a necessity exists it has not as yet become very ap-parent, and certain it is that it would be exceedingly difficult to find any Sunday statute among the many that exist that was enacted to meet any such necessity. The interests of the great mass of the workingmen and women were not the in-terests that were considered when the Sunday statutes now in existence were enacted. It appears to us, therefore, that the appeal to this argument at the present time is entirely unjustifiable. This alleged "absolute necessity" should be far more in evidence than it is now, or has been in the past, before it is made to carry the re-sponsibility that it is now attempted to shoulder upon it. Because it contains truth that is ap-plicable to doctrines which appear in other matter in this number the article on "The Origin of the State," by Alonzo T. Jones, is published this month. In future numbers Mr. Jones will continue the line of thought begun in his article in the March SENTINEL. The thought of true self-government will be followed up, showing how the power of self-govern-ment is obtained and how it is lost.  These articles will be of great value to all who will read them. Do not fail to read them yourself and to give as many other persons as possible an opportunity to do the same. A Subtle Doctrine Do not fail to read carefully the instal-ment in this number of "The Papal The-ory of the Relation Between Church and State." The whole thing is virtually contained in this number. It will bear the most earnest and careful study, and let no one suppose that in studying this theory he is giving attention to some-thing that is past and gone. The Papacy holds to this theory as firmly as ever, and she is becoming more powerful all the time. But this theory of the union of religion and the state is growing much more rapidly than is the Papacy. The present tendency of things promises to make the question of the relation between religion and government one of the most prominent and important questions of the future. Although in this nation the doc-trine of the complete separation of re-ligion and government has been avowed as a fundamental principle of govern-ment, the opinion is rapidly gaining ground that there can be no separation of religion and government. And this opinion, though it differs slightly with the different classes among which it is growing, is substantially the doctrine set forth in the article to which we have re-ferredŠthe Papal theory. At this very time when the Papacy is making rapid strides in this country, those who should be the chief defenders of the principle of separation of religion and government are not on;y weakening in its defense, but are actually proclaim-ing the opposite principle themselves. The great Protestant religious bodies are 