THE TRUE IDEA OF FREE GOVERNMENT  479 These are the basic principles upon which our Government is founded. Now, if it is a fact that "all men are created equal," then no man or combination of men has a right to disturb this equality. In what does this equality consist ? It is not in stature, nor in color, nor in in-telligence, nor in disposition. However equal or similar these conditions might have been in all men had not sin en-tered to disarrange for the time the har-mony of God's work in the earth, is not the question. Civil government is con-cerned with the best temporal good of man as he is. It is here and now that we hold as self-evident truth that "all men are created equal." So, in the con-dition of man as he is here and now, there is but one point of view from which this God-designed equality is apparent, and that is in the matter of rights. And here is the place where the framers of the Declaration stood when, in laying the foundation of this Government, they ac-knowledged as self-evident truth the proposition that all men are "endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." The government which they proposed to establish was not designed to create rights, but to "secure" the free exercise of the rights with which the Creator had already endowed them. The govern-ment to which the colonies were then subject was denying this exercise of rights, hence the colonists declared for "a new order of things"Ña government having for its object to provide for the best good of all the people. The idea prevails to a great extent to-day that the government is designed to provide for the best good of the majority; but that is a perversion of the true spirit of gov-ernment, for it ignores the rights of a part of the people. It is but a slight modification of the monarchical rule that government is established for the special  benefit of rulers and their friends, be they ever so few in number. The particular feature of rights to which the Declaration pledges govern, mental security is included in "life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness." As the theory and the language of the Declaration guarantee such protection to all men, every individual citizen, and every individual accepting the guarantee even temporarily, is under obligation to acknowledge and respect the right of every other individual. The government is a compact of individuals for this pur-pose. In no other way can the rights of all be made secure in a selfish, and consequently sinful, world. For this rea- . son, purpose, object, "the powers that be [civil governments] are ordained of God." Rom. 13:1. The obligation be-ing mutual between individuals, the claim to security in what would ordinarily be deemed personal right is logically for-feited or limited when the individual fails to regard the rights of others. For instance, when a person's actions become a menace to the lives or liberty of others (not when his "persuasion, religious or political," is repugnant to them), it is the province and the duty of the gov-ernment to restrain him, or to restrict his liberty of action (not of sentiment or conscience) to the extent that is neces-sary for the security of others in the ex-ercise of their rights. "For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil." Rom. 13:3. Perhaps in no sense was there a greater necessity for reformation in govern-mental function than in the protection of men in their right to the "pursuit of hap-piness." And nowhere was there such an inclination to interfere with the free enjoyment of this right as among the votaries of religion. Furthermore, this interference never has been carried to such an extreme as by those who have 