120  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY earth, and that the governments nomi-nally Christian are becoming more and more Christian." If the American Gov-ernment, and some of the other great governments of the world that are ex-tending their sway by forcible subjuga-tion and extermination, are Christian, as the National Reformers have always as-serted, it is strange that they are not yet completely Christian, but are simply "be-coming more and more Christian." They will continue "becoming more and more Christian" until doomsday, and they will be just as far from being Christian then as they are now. There are some Na-tional Reformers who will not swear allegiance to the Constitution of the United States, declaring it to be an athe-istical document, yet they are constantly declaring that the American Government is and always has been Christian. The anomalous and irrational character of National Reform leads its disciples to declare with one breath that public mor-als are improving, that the nations are marching toward the kingdom of Christ, and that "we are a Christian nation," and with the next that "the evils which flow from national departure from God have appeared and are increasing among us ; government has fallen into the hands of unworthy men ; public offices are the prey of spoilsmen who plunder our treas-uries, grant protection to lawbreakers for a price and levy blackmail on honest men; the liquor traffic flourishes under sanction of law, corrupting morals, de-stroying life, spreading sorrow and deso-lation like a pestilence, defying all at-tempts to curb or suppress it, and able often to dictate the policy of the govern-ment; prostitution flaunts itself in towns and cities, with the connivance or under  the active protection of public officials." All this and much more like it appeared in a document which was sent out with the invitation to this convention which opened with an address on "The March of the Nations Toward the Kingdom of Christ." The position of National¥ Re-formers seems to be that the nations, especially the American nation, are Christian, and are "becoming more and more Christian," and that the most ur-gent and overwhelming reason for the recognition of this fact is the fact that they have departed from God and are be-coming as corrupt and vile as possible. The president of the association, Rev. S. F. Scovel, of Wooster University, spoke on "Practical Methods of Chris-tian Education in the Public Schools ;" Rev. J. S. McKee on "The Sabbath, the Safeguard of Rights ;" Dr. Chas. A. Blanchard, of Wheaton College, on "The Bearing of National Reform on Spiritual Interests ;" Dr. W. J. McConkey on "The Divine Idea in Government ;" Dr. H. H. George on "The Christian Amend-ment ;" Dr. W. C. Dabney, of the State University of Tennessee, on "Atheism the Parent of Anarchy rand Rev. David McAllister on "Expression of Our Na-tional Christianity in Fundamental Law." The convention adopted resolutions "insisting on Christian training in the public schools as essential to a good and patriotic citizenship; on a national mar-riage and divorce law in accord with the law of Christ; condemning the Sunday newspaper; and protesting against the re-enactment of the Chinese Exclusion Law." The resolutions "also asked for suitable Christian acknowledgements in State and national constitutions as a logical and consistent step toward the attainment of all these ends." 