736 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the pursuit of processes and appeals; for dispensations, absolutions, indulgences, privileges ; and, finally, for all the simon-iacal inventions of the Holy See? Lo, the pope demands still a new subsidy. What does he offer us in exchange for our  gold ?ŠInefficacious blessings, anathe-mas, wars, and a disgraceful servitude. Arrest, prince, the course of this evil, and do not permit pontificial despotism to make a second Italy out of Germany."ŠId. England's New Education Bill By W. E. Cornell EDUCATIONAL matters in Great Britain just now are in a state of ferment, and are likely to undergo some interesting experiences if the new Edu-cation Bill, recently introduced by the government, becomes law. To those unacquainted with the situa-tion it may be stated by way of expla-nation that previous to 1870 elementary education in Great Britain was left prac-tically to private enterprise and control. In 1808 the British School Society, a non-sectarian organization, was formed, un-der which schools for the young were opened in various places. A few years later, spurred to action by the example and work of this society, and as a matter of self-defense, the Church of England organized what was known as the Na-tional Society to look after the educa-tional interests of the young within its sphere of influence. Previous to this the established church had quite ignored ele-mentary education. Both societies combined, however, though receiving annual grants from the government for building school-houses, training teachers, and maintaining their schools, failed to meet the educational re-quirements of the country. After a time it became evident that the care of ele-mentary education ought not to be left wholly to voluntary agencies. Accord-ingly, in 1870, a Liberal government,  with Mr. Gladstone at its head, passed the Forster Act, which provided for the existence of school boards to open, super-intend, and maintain schools, public and non-sectarian in character, in communi-ties where the voluntary system failed to meet the educational needs. But the passing of this act did not do away with the voluntary schools. The Church of England was unwilling to turn over its schools to the new school boards. It proposed, upon condition that the grants from the national treasury were continued and it were left in control of its schools, to raise by private subscrip-tions the difference between the govern-ment grants and the total cost of main- taining its church schools. This ar- rangement was agreed to. As a result of the act of 1870, there-fore, there have been for the past thirty years and more two sets of schools in England, "voluntary schools" and "board schools" ; one sectarian, the other non-sectarian ; one private, the other pub-lic; one controlled by the church, the other by the state through local boards. But the Church of England failed to keep its promise as to subscriptions, and on the whole has been hostile both to the school boards and to the school-board system. While unwilling to give up the management of its schools to the educa-tional system provided by the state, and 