270 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the chief was an image of parental con-trol. Nimrod, on the contrary, was a sovereign of territory, and of men just so far as they were its inhabitants, and irrespective of *personal ties. Hitherto there had been tribesŠenlarged families Šsociety: now there was a nation, a po-litical communityŠTHE STATE. The po-litical and social history of the world henceforth are distinct, if not divergent." ŠEmpires of the Bible, chap. 6, par. 7. Such was the true origin of the state. The state was, and is, the result of the apostasy of men from God. Such only could possibly be its origin ; for if all men had always observed the two "first of all the commandments," it would have been impossible for there ever to have been any state. There could have been no human authority exercised. All would have been equally subject to God; He would have been the only sovereign. Before Nimrod there was society. Re-spect of the rights of persons and of their property was maintained. It was only when the apostasy grew, and men got farther and farther from God, that the monarchical idea was established and per-sonified in Nimrod. Let no one misunderstand. This is not to say, nor even to imply, that there should now be no human government; that there should be no state, nor even that there should be no monarchy. It is simply to say that which is the truth, that if there never had been any apostasy from God, there never could have been on earth a state, nor any human govern-ment. It is true that these things are the con-sequences of the apostasy from God. But men having apostatized from God, these things all, even to such monarchy as that of Nimrod or of Nero, became necessary, just in proportion to the de-gree of apostasy. It is better that there should be a gov-ernment, bad as it may be,. than that there should be no government at all. Even such a government as Nimrod's or Ne-ro's is better than none at all. But with-out apostasy there could never have been any human government at all; and with-out the apostasy having gone to a fearful length, there never could have been any such government as Nimrod's or Nero's. Nimrod's example was eagerly fol-lowed by all the tribes around, until they were all absorbed in it. Society had passed away, and only states remained; and these universally idolatrous. Christianity was introduced to bring man back to the position, and the original relations, which he had lost. "For we are His workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them." Eph. 2 : 1o. And Christ hath suffered for us, "the Just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God." I Pet. 3: 18. It being, then, the one great purpose of Christianity to restore man to his orig-inal condition and relation to God, its purpose is to restore him to the condition in which he can love God with all the heart, with all the soul, with all the mind, and with all the strength, and his neigh-bor as himself. It is to restore him to obedience to the first two of all the com-mandments. It is to restore him to per-fect and supreme religion. We have seen that such a condition maintained from the beginning would have been the absolute separation of re-ligion and the state; because, then, there never could have been any state. And now, as the one great purpose of Chris-tianity is to restore man completely to that condition, it follows with perfect conclusiveness that Christianity in its very essence, from the beginning to the 