390 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY above $53o,000,000, which is said to be about double what was paid off in the forty years from the end of the Napole-onic wars to the beginning of the Cri-mean war, and three times what was borrowed on account of the latter war. Disturbances and bloodshed were re-ported during April from China, Russia and Belgium, not to speak of other places. In Belgium a Socialist agitation occurred, which became almost revolu-tionary for a few days. On the 12th there was rioting and bloodshed in Brussels. At a place called the Maison du Peuple, in one of the worst quarters of the city, riotous demonstrations were made in the evening, and the gendarmes dispersed the crowd by the use of Mauser carbines, loaded with that are called "strike" cartridges. Several rioters were killed and many persons wounded. At Grammont on the same day two rioters were killed and others wounded. Riot-ous demonstrations occurred at other points throughout the kingdom. The rioting was soon followed by a general strike throughout the country, and that in turn soon subsided. But as the cause of the dissatisfaction remains it is not expected that this will be the end of the matter. The trouble was over the suf-frage. By a law passed some years ago every man was given the suffrage in Belgium, but those who had a certain amount of property or a certain degree of education were allowed se:eral votes each, whereas the common man was re-stricted to one. The demand of the So-cialists was for one vote for each voter. In Russia student riots and demonstra-tions ocurred some time ago, preceded by the suspension of two of the leading newspapers of St. Petersburg for pub-lishing articles reflecting upon the government, which it is said is taking  reactionary steps with regard to the re-forms introduced by Alexander II. As a result of the student demonstrations ninety-five have been 'banished to Siberia and over Soo have been imprisoned by `administrative order," which means without trial. This has created wide-spread dissatisfaction which extends to all classes of society, and even portions of the army have shown a disposition to side with the people. In the midst of all this, on April 15, the Minister of, the Interior, M. Sipiaguine, was assassinated by a student in the ministerial offices at St. Petersburg. Several attempts have also been made on the life of the prefect of police of Moscow. It is said that the situation in Russia "looks blacker than it has since the Nihilist days some twenty years ago." In China a formidable re-bellion is in progress, and aside from that bloody riots have occurred where attempts have been made "to collect indemnities for the Catholics, as ar-ranged between the officials and the priests." In the province of Pe-Chi-Li the soldiers slaughtered great numbers of villagers who resisted the collection of indemnities. In Southern China the Hing Chung Wooy, or "Chinese Pro-gressive Society," said to be a branch of the Black Flag Society which organized the famous Tai-Ping rebellion forty years ago, has 5o,000 insurgents in the field, with prospects of as many more being added to them. They are led by Dr. Sun-yat, said to be a graduate of Harvard University, and are armed with modern weapons. The object of the rebellion is said to be to overthrow the present Manchu dynasty, which is regard-ed as alien by the people of southern China. This outbreak is just the oppo-site of that of the "Boxers," being pushed by those in favor of progress and intercourse with foreign nations. 