THE ONLY HOPE OF SELF-GOVERNMENT 397 When such things seem to brace one up, it is merely because they benumb the normal sense of being tired, which is nature's indi-cator that the nerves need rest. The same sort of effect is got from tobacco, whether chewed, snuffed, or smoked, and from opiates and other narcotics. Now, when these stimulants, narcotics, and intoxicants are fed daily to the chil-dren throughout the whole nation as reg-ularly as they go to the table, the inev-itable result of this persistent perversion of normal appetite and function is that at the earliest possible moment they will indulge in beer and tobacco, because these only the better satisfy the already perverted taste; and from these the grad-uation is just as easy to the stronger and more enslaving intoxicants, opiates, and narcotics ; and so the overthrow of in-dividual self-government is complete. And when individual self-government is so destroyed throughout the whole na-tion, then national self-government is gone, and is supplanted by a government of some other form, though the name and "profession of being a republic may still be maintained. This is as certain as effect follows cause. For when there is such an over-throw of individual self-government in the mass of the nation, then the masses will commit such excesses that the only way in Which government can be main-tained will have to be by the exercise of governmental power in a way that will  be the total abandonment of every princi-ple of a republic, of every principle of government of the people by the people. And when that time comes there will be attempts to reach and to control by governmental power the causes of the lack of self-government in the life of the individual. But all such attempts will only the more fully demonstrate the total overthrow, in the individual and in the nation, of the principle of self-govern-ment ; and will also only the more fully demonstrate the urgent necessity and the timeliness of that divine message, the everlasting gospel, to every nation and kindred and tongue and people, as before and always reasoning of "righteousness, self-government, and judgment to come." Nothing else, no other power, can truly reach the cause of the ruinous evils abounding. That gospel, preached to the individu-al, persuading the individual, accepted by the individual, converting the individual, restoring the integrity of the individual, planting in the individual the divine prin-ciple and power by which he can com-pletely govern himselfŠthat gospel, thus preached in the divine integrity of the very power of God, is even now the only hope of the individual, and through that the only preservative of the state, as per-tains to the original, fundamental, and characteristic American and Christian principle, but now only the abiding Christian principle, of self-government. Ł:* The usual results which have appeared for many years whenever definite efforts have been made to suppress liquor-sell-ing on Sunday in large cities have ap-peared in the city of New York. Since the general Sunday laws include other forms of business, a definite effort was made during the month of AprilŠ backed undoubtedly by the liquor inter-estsŠto enforce the Sunday laws against the small dealers, especially among the Jews who sell food and other articles of minor value, according to their constitu-tional right under their exemption as Sabbath-keepers. This was carried so far that Mayor Low came out with a 