486 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY fined on shipboard in the close and dis-agreeable quarters in which they have made the passage for twenty-four or thirty-six hours longer than is neces-sary. O These significant statements are from an article on the organization of the Roman Church by " Rev. Dr. D. J. Mc-Mackin, of St. Patrick's Cathedral," that appeared in the New York Evening Post of July i8: No organization in this world has so many and such boundless resources of human wisdom as the Catholic Church. The traditions of twenty centuries are hers, and she has a pre-cedent for every emergency. She meets the new situation in the Philippine Islands and the recent persecutions in France with the same calm dignity and courage with which she en-countered difficulties in the past, and she will solve the former with that sagacity which has always characterized her course in the history of ages. One thing concerning the policy of the new pontiff is certain: He will be as strong a friend of America as Leo XIII. was. The sympathies of Rome are with England and America. It is a proverb in Rome that wherever the English flag goes the apostolic delegate follows. And Leo XIII. has frequently said: " Nowhere am I Pope more than in free America." It is marvellous how the Church, while ever holding fast to principles, in the application of those principles adapts herself to the peculiar circumstances and needs of every age and country. It has been, very gratifying to all Catholics to hear from the press and different pulpits of the United States so many expressions of high esteem for the character of the venerable obi man in the Vatican. O A report from Johannesburg, South Africa, says that " the government [Brit-ish] is furthering arrangements for a large importation of Chinese labor to be employed exclusively in the mines and on public works." " Heavy penalties will be inflicted if the Chinese are employed as skilled artisans, and their employers must deposit a sum of money  to cover the cost of their repatriation after the termination of their engage- ment." Financiers expect that the in- troduction of the Chinese will commence in October." This is the modified form of slavery which it was proposed to institute in the Philippines, and which is very likely to be yet instituted. During the last year or so it has been seriously proposed in South Africa to compel the Ka ffirs to work in the mines whether or no, but it seems that the coolie system of modified slavery has been adopted instead. And of course " financiers " are behind the matter. " As we all know, the world contains a multitude of people who most truly be-lieve that the Church of Rome, if not the Scarlet Lady, is a deadly foe to freedom of thought and to the highest develop-ment of human character," says a writer in The Nation i reviewing a work en-titled, " Rome and Reform," by T. L. Kingston Oliphant of Balliol College. And is it strange that there are a multi-tude of such people in the world ? It is strange that there are not multitudes more than there are. This writer says that each of the multitude mentioned "would gladly level his shaft at the Papacy if he could hope that his efforts would be attended by any result," but that " Rome, having survived the attacks of Luther, Calvin, Voltaire, and the critics of the nineteenth century, seems in a sense invulnerable." Ł We are glad to say that all friends of Sunday observance are not of the type of those who are determined that its ob-servance shall be enforced regardless of the consequences. A lady in Brooklyn recently wrote to the Eagle: In your issue of yesterday I saw that the Sabbath Alliance was making an effort to have the playing of baseball on Sunday forbidden. Now, I am a Christian,  woman, who believes ni proper observance of the Sabbath, but I ask myself the question, Where will the hundreds 