VATICAN NEGOTIATIONS AND CATHOLICISM 619 few and poor, while there were no seminaries, no Catholic schools or benevolent institutions, and only one college, that of Georgetown, which still exists under the direction .of the Jesuits. Now, after 112 years, the Roman Catholics claim 14,000,000 (which, however, others limit to r,000,000), with one cardinal, seventeen archbishops, seventy-seven bishops, governing fourteen ecclesiastical provinces, comprising eighty-two dioceses, and five apos-tolic vicariates. The thirty-three priests of 1790 have now become 12,429, and the few chapels of that time have developed into 10,689 churches, some of which are cathedrals which stand comparison for richness and architec-tural value with the best buildings of the kind in Europe, besides 5,248 country chapels. The one college of Georgetown has expanded into seven universities, eighty-one seminaries, 163 boys' colleges and 629 girls' academies, while there are 3,857 parishes with schools, 244 asy-lums and 877 charitable institutions. The entire population of the United States, which in 5790 was 3,929,214, has become nine-teen times as much to-day, but the Catholics have multiplied 300 times, as, while they were then one-ninetieth part of the people, they have now risen to be somewhat less than one-fifth. The largest center of the Roman Church in America is the archdiocese of New York, with an estimated Catholic population of i,2oo,000Šthat is to say, nearly one-tenth of all the Cath-olics in the United States, while its numbers surpass those of all the most crowded centers of Italy, including Rome, Naples or Milan; and only the principal archdioceses in Europe, such as Cologne, with 2,528,000 people, and Vienna, with 1,9oo,000, go beyond it. The yearly expenditure of the Vatican in Italy and abroad amounts to $4,000,000, the greatest fraction coming from the Peter's pence, which alone give an average of $1,-400,000, more than half of which is contributed by the United States. So the United States, with the addition of the 6,500,000 Catholics in the Philippines, i,-000,000 in Porto Rico, Guam and Hawaii, has among her inhabitants over 2o,000,000 Catho-lics, without taking into consideration the 1,-800,000 who are in Cuba. Therefore, she rep-resents the fourth Catholic power in the world as regards population, and the first as regards the amount of money she provides to the head of the Church. So the United States is rapidly becom-ing a great "Catholic power !" This writer attributes the great in-crease of the Catholic population of the United States to four principal causes : "Immigration, composed to a large ex-tent of Irish, Hungarians, Bohemians and Latins, who are almost all Catholics, while half of the Germans belong to the same religion ;" "prolificness of the Cath-olic population, which is at least double that of the non-Catholic ;" "the character and standard of education of the Ameri-can clergy, which . ' . . is much su-perior to that of the Latin clergy ;" and "the complete separation of church and . state in America and the consequent complete liberty which the former en-joys under the common law." Attention is called to the fact that Governor Taft especially emphasized the last point when addressing the Pope in their first interview, in which he declared that under the Government of the United States, where there existed an entire di-vision of the interests of church and state, all churches were protected in their rights of property and the practise of their religion with more scrupulous care than is the case in countries in which there is a union between the church and state. This writer is of the opinion that no such words "had ever been pro- nounced before within the walls of the Vatican in the presence of a pontiff, praising the free competition of creeds officially condemned by Pius IX. in the `Syllabus.' " He thinks that this inci-dent "goes to prove that even the Holy See has been obliged to make concessions to the modern spirit," and that "it adds a new document to the evolution of Catholic dogma." He thinks that the Pope has undergone a change of opinion in this regard in recent years, and cites as evidence his encyclical to the episco- 