302 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY rests simply upon her own authority, and where her authority is amply and suf-ficiently recognized she need not be par-ticular in regard to this observance. But in such a country as the United States, where she is seeking every opportunity to extend her prestige, it is the most natural thing in the world that she should be in favor of strict Sunday enforcement. But we will venture to say that when once she gains the prestige and power that she de-sires in this country that she will no longer see anything very harmful about Sunday saloons, for the Catholic Church is not opposed to the liquor traffic, and she is not opposed to Sunday drinking and Sunday sports when they are carried on with due regard to her authority. She may-be opposed to indulgence in this di-rection by the state, but when once she has complete control of the matter no doubt she will regard indulgence on her own authority in a different light. Ł Monarchical Tendencies Manifested "Ye see, a prince is a gr-reat man in th' ol' counthry, but he niver is as gr-reat over there as he is here. Whativer riv'-rince we may feel tow'rd George Wash-'nton, it don't prejudice us again' live princes. Th' princes we hate is thim that are dead an' harmless." Thus observes "Mr. Dooley" with regard to the recent Ł visit of the brother of the German Em-peror to this country, and as usual there is something more than humor in his ob-servations. Here is the way the matter appears to Dr. C. H. Parkhurst : When we are in the process of reading the Declaration of Independence, we believe in the nobility, and even in the royalty, inherent in man as such. In such a moment of high Ameri-can enthusiasm we see in every man a prince and even a king. That is an interpretation,. however, of which we are capable only in our  best moments, and at present, however it may have been a hundred years ago, there is not in our passion of democracy sufficient staying power to prevent our admiring more effusively and idolatrously one single foreign prince of the blood than we do a hundred American princes that are such by ordination of God and nature. This betrayal of the original American principle, this sly hankeAng after nobility, evinces itself not only in the members of our own sex, but in the subtle methods by which women unconsciously advertise their predilec-tions. Women dote on princes. Nine young women out of ten would rather dance with the Prince of Wales than with half a score of the sons of Presidents of the American Republic. And the same proportion of apostatizing young females would rather have been presented to Queen Victoria than to have been received by the whole line of American Presidents from Washington to Roosevelt. We are not in this exactly criticizing the poor things, but only seizing upon the fact as evidencing the ten-dencies that are clandestinely at work in peo-ple's hearts. Still further evidence of the tendency of things in this direction is brought to light in these dryly humorous remarks of Harper's Weekly: Again it is rumored that President Kruger of the Transvaal Republic, is coming to pay us a visit; and we really wish he would think bet-ter of it. Our present arrangements are such that we can send a special embassy to represent us at the coronation of a king, and that we can receive an imperial prince in a manner befitting his rank; but we have no facilities for the en-tertainment of a plain old man representing a perishing people whose struggle for freedom and independence is one of the most heroic in history. We are sorry for him, and anything in the nature of offering him a cold potato and letting him go, we would gladly do. But be-yond this we do not see our way. He had bet-ter not come, and if our advice can prevail, he will not come. There is such a thing as em-barrassing people by confiding too fondly in their past for a welcome which they cannot give to guests not in their present station in life. When we were young and poor, we should have received Mr. Kruger with munici-pal, State, and national ceremonies; but if he will reflect he must see that this would be im- 