108  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY other day of the week is a melancholy but striking and conclusive proof of the fallacy of the idea that Sunday enforce-ment promotes the true ends of civil government and the moral welfare of society. The living facts declare the very opposite. In connection with that noble and memorable declaration that "the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can only be directed by reason and conviction, and is nowhere cognizable but at the tribunal of the universal Judge," the Presbytery of Hanover in Virginia, in 1776, declared that "the only proper objects of civil government are the happiness and pro-tection of men in the present state of existence, the security of the life, liberty, and property of the citizens, and to restrain the vicious and to encourage the virtuous by wholesome laws, equally ex-tending to every individual." Certainly these declarations will stand undisputed, and if they be true how can Sunday enforcement be among or ac-complish any of the proper objects of civil government? Sunday laws are not a restraint upon the vicious ; they Are a hardship upon the virtuous. In a recent address in this city Bishop Potter, of the Episcopal Church, spoke the following words with reference to the question of the Sunday saloon, that are much more to the point than most of the utterances that are now coming from religious sources on this subject. They strike the key-note of the situation : "The secret of the solution of this problem lies in Christ's power to trans-form menÑto make them clean and not wanton, to make them sober and not drunkards. Whatever is done in this city or in any other city for the right, for  purity and for temperance, it is first nec-essary to bring men under the saving and transforming force that will touch the springs of their conscience and make them better and nobler. I want you all to carry away with you these words, 'put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ.' It is personal duty to the personal Master that makes personal freedom." One Pretense Unmasked "It is better to close the saloons one day in the week than not at all," has long been the favorite reply of the friends of enforced "Sabbath" observance when asked why they treated the saloon as if it were so much more criminal and wrong on one day of the week than on the others. This pretense on the part of the advocates of Sunday enforcement, of aiding the cause of temperance by making it criminal for the saloons to operate a part of the time while virtually endorsing them the remainder of the time, is being fully unmasked by the present turn of events in New Yofk. It is well known that the present Sun-day-closing law does not secure the ab-solute closing of the saloons, and that a large portion of them are open all the time on Sunday. It is therefore being urged by representative men whose sym-pathy with the cause of temperance is not questioned, and some of whom, in fact, formerly advocated Sunday closing as a temperance measure, that it would be better to have the saloons closed ab-solutely a part of the time on Sunday than to have them open more or less all day. It is proposed, therefore, that it be made legal for. the saloons to be open from one or two o'clock in the afternoon to eleven in the evening on Sundays. As will be seen this harmonizes per- 