SEVENTH-DAY OBSERVER PROSECUTED IN MASSACHUSETTS 623 Mr. Gibson occupied several hours in his defense, which was listened to with commendable patience by the judge. He emphasized the principle that the state has no right to enfowe any religious du-ty. The evil results of enforced Sabbath observance were cited, beginning with the prosecution and final crucifixion of the Lord of the Sabbath day because of his loyalty to the seventh-day Sabbath and disregard of the traditions of the Pharisees. It was shown, also, that ever since the first Sunday legislation was enacted there has been more or less per-secution carried on by those who believe that it is the duty of the state to main-tain such observances. The judge took but a few minutes in rendering his decision. It was strictly in keeping with the present Sunday law of Massachusetts, and as the defendant's work was not considered to have been one of either necessity or charity, a fine of ten dollars was imposed. The defendant might have been ac-quitted had he introduced evidence to prove that he observed the seventh-day of the week as the Sabbath, for there is an exemption clause in the Massachu-setts Sunday law that permits seventh-day  observers to do common labor on Sun-day. On being reminded, after the de-cision had been rendered and the sen-tence had been pronounced, of his oversight in not showing that he observed the seventh day, the de-fendant asked the judge to revoke the decision in order that he might appeal the Ł case to the Superior Court that convenes in Cambridge on the second day of September. The judge kindly acceded to this request, although the case had been decided and the court closed for the day. This appeal will en-able Mr. Gibson to test the value of the exemption clause in a case to which it certainly applies if it means anything at all. Eight years ago Mr. Gibson was tried on a similar charge before this same judge, who imposed at that time a fine of $50 and costs. A statement made by the judge during the plea of the defendant in the late trial, to the effect that he might choose to revise his former decision, and the fact that he imposed a much smaller fine this time, would seem to indicate that the judge takes a milder and more liberal view of this question of Sunday enforcement than formerly. O Few people are aware how strict a Sabbath is still legally ordained in Eng-land. The Lord's Day Observance Act forbids not only Sunday trading, but also every possible occupationŠwalking, riding, rowing, or any gameŠand strict-ly enjoins upon all subjects over nine years of age attendance at church. At the opening of every assize the King's proclamation for the preservation of morality is read. People who are then present for the first time are astonished to hear that the King forbids and calls upon the magistrates to punish absence from divine service on Sundays, any  playing of cards or other games of chance, or haunting of public-houses on the same day. Everybody found in an inn during service hours is liable to a fine of 3s. 4d., the landlord to a penalty of ios., and for a successful prosecution church wardens are entitled to a reward of 2 pounds. As recently as 1864 Isaac Walton, a man servant, was fined 9s. 9d. for refusing to attend, church on Sun-day when ordered there by his mistress. And about the same time a mother was prosecuted by her son and actually im-prisoned for her default.ŠLondonChron-icle. 