Ct110571M1V Lil 'OERTY VOL. 17 NEW YORK, MAY, 1902 No. 6 The Dissipation of Self-Government in the United States By Alonzo T. Jones 0  F what benefit is the history of nations? What good is the study of it if we shall not be taught by the lessons which it plainly inculcates? In the March SENTINEL we sketched the course of empire that has been pursued in this world from the most ancient record of empire into the most modern Šthat of the United States of to-day. We found that it consists of a course of direct kingships expanding into em-pire ; then the principles of kingship re-pudiated, and the principle of self-gov-ernment establishedŠa government of the people, by the people, and for the people; this itself expanding into em-pire and falling into a ruin more terrible than any that had gone before. This as to ancient history and as to modern, the same experience repeated preciselyŠa series of kingships expanding into em-pire, then the whole principle of king-ship and empire repudiated, and the principle of self-government established Ša government of the people, by the people, and for the people; this also ex-panding into empire andŠwhat? In the 'nature of things the principle of self-government is essentially depend- ent upon the individualŠthe individual man governing himself. Thus of all forms of government that there can be, the republican form is most dependent upon the integrity of the individual, upon the loyalty of the individual to the principles of self-government. When-ever in a republic a majority of the peo-ple lose, or fail to exercise, the faculty of governing themselves, the republic is gone in principle ; and it remains but a mere matter of time when it will be found to be gone in practiseŠsucceeded by a government not of the people, but at the most of the few, and presently of only one. Whatever then attacks or undermines the integrity of the individ-ual, whatever tends to rob him of the power to govern himself, is distinctly an attack upon the republic, an undermin-ing of government of the people. Now is there to-day in sight in the United States, in this republic, this gov-ernment of the peopleŠis there here prevailing, popularly recognized and practised, anything the tendency and ef-fect of which is to destroy the integrity of the individual, to rob him of the power to govern himself? A glance at 