THE PHILADELPHIA DECISION AGAIN 315 cases the Supreme Court held the act constitu-tional, but for totally different reasons; but it is due the defendants in this case, who invoke the benefit of the guarantees of the Bill of Rights, to know the reasons for every judg-ment rendered or opinion given, hence I shall briefly refer to Specht vs. Commonwealth (supra), the onlv case construed by the Supreme Court in which argument worthy of the subject was made and almost substantially similar to that addressed to me. In that case the record rhowed that one Specht, a member of the Seventh-day Baptist congregation, was convicted under the act of April 22, 1794, of performing worldly employ- ment and business on Sunday. An appeal was taken to the Supreme Court and the constitu-tionality of the act was attacked. The counsel for the defendant argued that the act didŠ control and interfere with the rights of con-science. It treats the first day of the week as a holy or sacred day; and it prohibits labor on that day, not for the purpose of giving rest to men as a mere civil regulation, but because it profanes the Lord's day. The act in question compels all to observe Sunday as a sacred day. To oblige men to refrain from labor out of regard to its holiness is to " control " their religious observance as much as if they were ordered to kneel before the altar of the images of the saints. It is not enough to say that the day of rest should be uniform among all. If it were a mere civil regulation there might be some reason in it, but then it would be made a day of recreationŠof relaxationŠand most probably such days would not come so fre-quently. I suppose it requires no other argu-ment than reading the several acts upon this subject to prove that our legislation looks to enforcing the religious observance of the day. If our legislators can direct the people to stay at home quietly they can direct them to go to church, and if they can direct them to attend church they can indicate the church to be at-tended. In short, if they have any power over religious subjects, they have all power. Such power would be a perfect union of church and state, so much abhorred by the people of this Republic. It would inevitably lead to religious persecutions, and finally to civil and religious tyranny. The doctrine that "the Christian religion is a part of the common law " is, I suppose, the foundation and justification of this act. That doctrine was promulgated in the worst times and by the worst men of a government that avowedly united church and state; in times when men were sent to the block or the stake on any frivolous charge of heresy. To deny transubstantiation or the supremacy of the Pope was a capital offense% under one reign; to admit them was a capital offense under another. Men were executed in great numbers by the civil power for denying the real presence because it was held to be a part of the Christian  religion, and the Christian religion was a part of the municipal law. When the Protestants gained the ascendancy to believe in the real presence was contrary to the Christian religion, and therefore a violation of the law, and pun-ishable by the secular arm. . . . As late as the nineteenth century this pernicious doctrine led Lord Eldon to decide that Unitarians may be punished as blasphemers at common law, and not treated as Christians. How dangerous, therefore, is the apparently pious doctrine that the " Christian religion is a part of the common law." If it be true, all who disbelieve that religion are habitual breakers of the law. These consequences of the doctrine were satisfactory to the English government when it originated. They enabled the tyrants of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries to find a con-venient excuse for sending to the block any one who became obnoxious to them. If such tyrant were a Roman Catholic, the heresy of the Reformation was sufficient; if he were a Protestant, adherence to the Church of Rome was equally so. What else was it but the doctrine that the Christian religion was a part of the law, and to be enforced by the civil arm, that gave the Holy Inquisition such horrid force and placed the civil and religious liberty and the lives of nations of men at the mercy of the bloodiest power that ever inflicted misery upon the human race. If this doctrine is to be the rule of action, where do you find its interpretation? Where are to be found adjudged decisions of what this law teaches, so that the people may escape the perils of its violation? Are they to be seen in the doings of the Council of Nice, or the Diet of Augsburg? are they in the bulls of Hilde-brand, or the writings of Luther? in the rigid doctrines of Calvin, or the more liberal opinions of Wesley? I think I may safely say that the constitutions of the United States and of Pennsylvania are founded on no religion, but on purely civil con-siderations, on the inalienable rights of man, one of which is that man shall not interfere with the rights of conscience. I have quoted the argument fully because, like the argument of the defendants' counsel, it was the fullest, clearest and most exhaustive (indeed, it may be said the only) argument upon the subject ever presented to the Supreme Court, and substantially similar in thought to the one presented to me, and the decision in that case ought to control my judgment upon the question of the constitutionality of the act. The opinion of the court (delivered by Bell, J.) heldŠ but, impressed with the importance of preserv-ing and protecting the unrestrained liberty of conscience guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States and of the several States, . and desirous of retrieving any error which, by possibility, might have been committed in 