PERVERTING RIGHT WAYS 399 ernment there has been even worse per-secution. Civil government exists in the provi-dence of God. Its very coruption, under whatever form, is evidence that He does not administer it. Its purpose is to pre-serve order, and thus protect rights ; not to give or enforce rights, but to protect men in the rights God has given them, among which are "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." These rights being protected, men will have liberty to wor-ship God acording to the dictates of their own consciences; and men who do not want to worship God at all will not be made hypocrites by being forced into some formality falsely called Christian-ity. Previous to the birth of the United States Government the idea prevailed that civil government was an institution erected for the benefit of those who could muster sufficient power to get control of it. That is the spirit of monarchy, wheth-er it be exercised by an actual monarchi-cal government or by a nominal republic. It is the doctrine that "to the victors be-long the spoils." This doctrine has two extremesŠa monarchical form and a re-publican form. The monarchical extreme is that the benefits accrue to a restricted class, while in the republican form the benefits are suposed to belong to the ma-jority. In either case the results of the doctrine are that the spoils fall to the of-ficial class and its friends and financial supporters. The work of the adversary of souls is to pervert those things which are designed for the good of mankind. Civil government was instituted for the bene-fit of all, but it was perverted to mean the subjugation of the masses to the ser-vice of the few. Then when reformation set in motion the idea of government by the voice of the people, that was pervert-ed to the idea that the rights of the ma- jority were paramount to those of the minority. And for some years certain "reformers" have been construing this idea to mean that the majority have a right to rule in the realm of religion. This, in turn, has led back to the scheme of furthering religious interests through civil lawŠa reaction from the true re-publican idea of government. Those whose religion conformed to this perverted theory of government must needs seek to turn the government in this direction. On the theory that republican government means majority rule in all things, they seek by every possible means to make a show of majority power in fa-vor of this doctrine. Then comes the plea of majority rights in the matter of re-ligion, the logic of which is that the mi-nority have no rights; that whatever is accorded to them in this respect by the majority is merely tolerationŠand that the minority should be under everlast-ing obligation to the majority for what-ever of toleration is granted. The logic of majority rule in religion is that the rights of the majority can be protected only by compelling the minority to con-form to the doctrine of the majority, without respect to conscience. This has been clearly illustrated in the Sunday-law agitations. Leading agita-tors have maintained that "the right to rest demands a law of rest." But thiS plea is founded on the idea that the ma-jority of professed Christians observe Sunday as a weekly rest day, and that many other people do so because of the custom. So the proposition that "the right to rest demands a law of rest," when interpreted by the Sunday laws, means that the right of Sunday observers to rest on that day is abridged unless there be a law compelling every one to rest. But the inconsistency of this manner of protecting rights is shown in the fact that a portion of the people are deliberately 