240 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY spicuous precedent in the matter of mort-gaging Sunday, for they have thereby mortgaged Sunday to the body politicŠto the state . They need not be surprised, therefore, if the state, following the ex-ample of the churches, encumbers Sun-day with another mortgage, and it there-by falls into the hands of the saloon; for certainly the state can do what it will with its own, with what has been mort-gaged to it by the churches. Sunday, as does every other day, belongs to every individual to use as seems to him best so long as he respects the equal rights of others, and all the church-and-state mortgages that have been fraudulently placed upon it should be lifted at once, that it may be the free possession of its rightful owners. Ł The Annual Meeting of the New England Sunday Forces The New England Sabbath (Sunday) Protective League held its seventh an-nual meeting at Tremont Temple, Bos-ton, during the afternoon and evening of February 2. An address on "The Sun-day Saloon Question in New York City," was delivered by Dr. MacArthur, of New York. Dr. David J. Burrill and Dr. A. H. Plumb also delivered ad-dresses. The chief feature of the meeting was the annual report. This report was quite lengthy, and not only set forth in detail all that had been done during the year for and against Sunday enforce-ment in New England, but touched upon the present Sunday enforcement ques-tion in New York, referred to the work of "our friends across the border" (the "Lord's Day" Alliance of Canada), who "have guarded the Sabbath more care-fully than we," and called attention to "the signal victory" won "by the friends of the Lord's day throughout the coun- try" in the matter of securing a vote of Congress for the closing of the St. Louis Exposition. The larger part of the report, how-ever, was devoted to emphasizing "the necessity of a weekly rest and worship day," and to protests and complaints against Sunday excursions, Sunday beach resorts, Sunday golf, Sunday baseball, Sunday newspapers, Sunday study, Sunday social functions, etc. A leading feature was some twenty letters from persons of more or less prominence in New England and the nation indors-ing and commending the work of the league. These had been received in re-sponse to some sixty letters that had been sent out in order "to obtain a partial consensus of opinion on this question." Among those responding favotfably were Justice Harlan, of the Supreme Court, the governors of Maine, New Hamp-shire, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Sen-ator Gallinger, of New Hampshire, and Booker T. Washington. We shall per-haps call attention to some of these utterances, and other portions of the report, in our next issue. The accom-plishments and expectations of this organization are summed up in the fol-lowing significant statements : Nearly one million New England people have been addressed, these seven years on different phases of the Sunday question, at about fifteen hundred public meetings. Some ten million pages of literature have been dis-tributed and over twenty anti-Sunday laws defeated. The remarkable results of the past give hope and encouragement for the future. During the last decade. there has been an awakening as to the fundamental necessity of a weekly rest and worship day as a basis for good citizenship. The advance has not been spasmodic, but continuous. It is along the line of education and development, rather than a revolution. The clergy and better citizens are speaking more positively on this matter. More stress is being placed on legal and legis-lative restraints and safeguards. Christian 