cri'm offm 11 Of CilfRUSTME 1,123ZEIY VOL. XVI I I NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1903 No. 2g     THIS number of THE SENTINEL will be distributed widely to Christian En-deavorers. It is issued for that purpose. It attempts to make clear the principles of Christianity as to the means and methods of Christian endeavor and reform. Why is such a paper distributed to Christian Endeavorers ? Because, to be candid, it is sincerely believed that this great and increasing army of Christian young people, full of earnest devotion and enthusiasm for " Christ and the church," is in some respects receiving the wrong marching orders and being led into something that is not Christian war-fare and that can result only in evil to the church and to society. A tendency that is manifesting itself throughout the religious world to-day has unfortunately become .a leading feature of the great Christian Endeavor move-ment. It is the tendency which seeks the regeneration of society by political meth-ods, which seeks to produce moral refor-mation through the ballot box and the enforcement of law, which seeks to drive out evil, to set up righteousness, and to establish the kingdom of God by political and governmental action. This impor-tant phase of the Christian Endeavor movement of to-day is known as " Chris-tian Citizenship." It has been authoritatively declared by the Society of Christian Endeavor that " Christian Endeavor stands always and everywhere for Christian Citizenship." A few quotations will indicate the nature of this for which Christian Endeavor  stands always and everywhere. At the Washington convention in 1896, Rev. J. T. McCrory, President of the Pennsyl- vania Christian Endeavor Society, said : It is one purpose of this great Christian Endeavor movement to enthrone Christ in our national life.... Over yonder in Scotland they have just been engaged in doing honor to the martyrs of former centuries. Who were these men? They were the men who sought in their day to get Christ into national life, and they lost their heads for it. They stood, in their day, for what they called the crown rights of King JesusŠthe same thing precisely that the Christian Citizenship move-ment of Christian Endeavor stands for in this country to-day. At this Washington convention a great demonstration was made in the interests of " Christian Citizenship." An immense procession of fifty thousand young people, headed by a body of clergymen, marched from the steps of the Capitol down Penn-sylvania Avenue to the Treasury build-ing. At the head of this mammoth pro-cession was borne a " Christian Citizen-ship " banner, which was formally pre-sented for the purpose by the president of the United Societies of Christian En-deavor. The official report of the dem-onstration said: That grand exhibition of young manhood and womanhood is the clearest omen yet seen of the coming time when Christ, whose right it is to reign, shall be supreme on Capitol Hill. This appeared in the official report of the International Christian Endeavor Convention at Boston in 1895: What is my work as a member of the good citizenship committee? It is to enthrone 