SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 45S be the principal thing to which the min-isters object. The "reformers' league" of Prairie du Chien, Wis., is making efforts "to close all business houses on Sunday." Thirteen saloonkeepers were the first to feel the effects of the movement, having been notified to appear for trial on the charge of Sunday selling. Ł John J. Yopp, a grocer and meat deal-er of Terre Haute, Ind., was recently ar-raigned in court at the instance of the Retail Merchants' Association on the charge of keeping open on Sunday. The magistrate did not consider the case strong enough, and discharged the pris-oner. Ł By action of the shei iff of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, the playing of the game of ball in the American League series, scheduled for Sunday, May 11, was pre-vented at Cleveland. An injunction against Sunday playing has been applied for by five persons living near the ball grounds. The Retail Clerk's Protective Associa-tion of Sault Ste. Marie, Mich., has an-nounced that it "will prosecute all mer-chants of the Soo who keep their places of business open in violation of the State statute." A dispatch says this means "a closed town on Sundays for all classes of business." John Haney, a veteran barber of Cas-selton, N. Dak., was recently arrested on complaint of E. J. Goodrich, "who conducts a rival shop," on the charge of violating "the Sabbath-breaking law." Mr. Haney asked for a jury trial, and was promptly acquitted. On the strength of this the local papers announce that "it  is no crime in North Dakota to keep a barber shop open on Sunday." At a recent meeting of the city coun-cil of Little Rock, Ark., a communica-tion from the Secretary of the Retail Grocers' Association, calling attention to violations of the Sunday-closing law by grocers, was read and discussed, and the matter was referred "to the mayor, with power to act." On a recent Sunday Henry Schroeder, owner and occupant of a house at 1772 Weeks Avenue, New York, spent fifteen minutes in repairing the gate in front of his house. His next-door neighbor com-plained that he "disturbed the peace" thereby, and he was fined $io in the Mor-risania police court. The Indianapolis-Kansas City Ameri-can Association ball game, scheduled for Indianapolis on April 27, was "trans-ferred until later in the season owing to the Sunday law." Mayor Bookwalter de-clared that "as long as there is this law on the statutes that forbids the games they will not be permitted." Constable Newble, of Clinton, N. Y., on a recent Sunday arrested several fish-ermen, who were passing through the village, on the charge of "Sabbath-break-ing." The case against them was rather weak, and after an admonition from the justice that the town proposed "to pre-serve an orderly Sunday," they were dis-charged. Druggists Isaac Katz and E. T. Hatch, of Boston, were fined $io each in the municipal criminal court on May 1 for Sunday selling. One sold candy and the other soda on the previous Sunday. On the same day J. Lipinsky, Gil Brown, 