76 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY pregnant and significant words, repre-sents him as a great man, of consummate ability in worldly affairs, nothing or worse than nothing in spiritual. . . . The conclave refused to remember the enormities of the life of Balthasar Cossa. The pirate, tyrant, adulterer, violator of nuns, became the successor of St. Peter, the vicegerent of Christ upon earth ! " ŠId. The three-headed monstrosity of the Papacy now stoodŠ BENEDICT XIII. GREGORY XII. JOHN XXIII. Eight days after his accession to the papacy John XXIII. made his grand entry into the city of Rome, where his rule, while he stayed, was akin to what it had been in Bologna. There was deadly enmity between John and the king of Sicily; and their wars desolated vast regions of Italy. As a consequence of  his wars John was obliged to leave Rome, and he came again to Bologna. There was enmity also between Pope John and the emperor Sigismund. But, to strength-en himself in his contest with the king of Sicily, John sought an alliance with the emperor. But the only terms upon which the emperor would accept John's proposal of an alliance were that the pope should agree to the assembling of a general council to quench the schism in the Church, and to heal the miseries of Christendom. These terms could not well be refused by John on also another ground : The Council of Pisa, whose ac-tion was the sole basis of John's position as pope, had decreed that either that council or another general council should be held. An imperial letter and a papal bull were sent throughout Christendom " to summon the general council of Chris-tendom to meet at Constance toward the close of the ensuing year "-1414. The city authorities of Minneapolis, Minn., had some street paving done on Sunday a short time ago. Although the men employed received double pay for the Sunday work, Secretary Carlin of the Building Trades Council was much wrought up over the matter. He was " surprised that the city authorities, who are familiar with the views of so many voters, should encourage Sunday work," and declared that " the unions are much opposed to any work on Sunday that is not absolutely necessary," and that " when Sunday work isn't necessary, it shouldn't be tolerated." He said the unions were opposed to Sunday work for several reasons, among them being that " a workingman needs his one day of rest in seven," and " ought to be provided not only to rest on Sunday, but to go -to church that day." We wonder what is meant by being " provided " " to go to church " ? Mr. Carlin wondered " why  the church people, who are quick enough to shut up the saloons on Sunday and to complain that the workingman doesn't come to church, aren't looking into the Sunday work by the city." He said he was a church member himself, but that he was " inclined to think that organized labor is ahead of many churches when it comes to practical Christianity." We will venture that Mr. Carlin will not have toŁ  wait long for cooperation from the churches when they learn that he is soŁ  anxious to prevent Sunday work. In commenting on this matter a Minneapolis daily declared that " a great deal of other Sunday work equally unnecessary is car-ried on not only by the city but by pri-vate individuals and business corpora-tions," and that " this is in violation of the law and is a species of lawlessness which large property interests cannot af-ford to indulge in." 