SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 559 be the problems of New York City that may, perhaps, make a greater freedom in such matters desirable, no self-respecting community of the size of Turners Falls can allow promiscuous trading on Sun-day." In accordance with his " threat some time ago to bring suits against the rail-road contractors at work on the Pennsyl-vania Company's new line at that place for working on Sunday," Rev. A. H. Stub-blebine of Quarryville, Pa., has " brought suit against Patricus McManus, one of the best known contractors of the coun-try, charging him with violating the act of 1794." " The papers were served upon L. T. Hensel, a superintendent for Mr. McManus,". on August 5, and the hearing was to take place " before Squire Thomas " on the 8th. This action " stirred up the people of the borough and divided them into two factions bitterly opposed to each other." " The con-tractors look upon the action as persecu-tion, and are likely to take the matter into court and make a pile of costs for some-body to pay." In addition to this action Mr. Stubblebine " served notice upon the keepers of cigar stores and restaurants in the village that they will be proceeded against if they keep their places of busi-ness open on Sunday." There were 108 arrests for selling liquor on Sunday in Greater New York on August 9.ŠAt Madison, Wis., on Au- gust io, David Blaser, a saloon-hotel proprietor, " paid $18.45 in Justice Cur-rier's court for keeping his saloon open " on the previous day.ŠNine saloons " were raided on the charge of violating the Sunday-closing law " in Toledo, Ohio, on July 26, although " not one of the leading saloons, which were doing business also, was interfered with in any manner." In the police court the next day three of the proprietors " pleaded guilty and paid the minimum fine of $25 and costs." The others, being " disposed to fight," were bound over for a hearing later. On August 2 three more saloon-men were arrested on the same charge, and on pleading guilty were fined $25 and costs each.Š" A wave of reform in the matter of enforcing the law against sa-loon-keepers who keep their places open on Sunday " was recently reported from Bellevue, Ohio. Following an order from the mayor to the saloonmen " that their places of business must be closed Sun-days," Wm. Doerner was arrested on a warrant " charging him with keeping open on Sunday."ŠA petition from the local W. C. T. U. " asking that action be taken toward enforcing the law regarding the closing of saloons on Sunday " was received by the city council of Blooming Prairie, Minn., on August 3. A motion was at once passed " instructing the mar-shal to notify all saloon-keepers to keep closed on Sunday, and in case the order was not complied with to report each of-fense to the council." " He can never again be the same man," writes the President impressively and truly of any one who has ever taken part in a lynching by burning. Merely to have seen the hideous sight implies " degradation," he adds. We think that if a severe logician were to apply the doctrine rigorously to the actions of this nation since 1898 he might find reason for saying that we have done lawless and  cruel things to an " inferior " race which make it impossible for us ever to be the same nation again. We are firmly of the belief that the wholesale contempt for the rights of " niggers " in the Philippines, of which this government has been guilty, has had a great deal to do with the out-break of savagery against the colored man in this country.ŠNew York Even-ing Post. 