714  coVioeil OF CilfEllSTKR! lilLERTY VOL. XVIII  WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1903 No. 51     The Special lnjus- A thing that has tice of Present- lifted most  day Sunday  been exmp   Enforcement  conspicuously by the "Sabbath-reform" crusade of the last year in Philadelphia is the unjust and oppressive discrimination which marks Sunday-law enforcement at the present time. There never was a time when the enforcement of Sunday laws was not unjust and oppressive, for such laws are essentially unjust and oppres-sive. But there was a time when Sun-day laws were enforced impartially, upon all alike, and therefore as justly as possible. But that time has passed. The enforcement of Sunday laws at the present time, because of conditions which have become established, is neces-sarily partial and discriminatory, and therefore of a character which aggra-vates the essential injustice and op-pression of such laws. Never are these old laws enforced literally and impar-tially. Their literal and impartial en-forcement is no longer possible and is never attempted. Almost without excep-tion their enforcement to-day is marked by the selection of some class of per-sons or of certain individuals as vic-tims; and never are these victims the influential and powerful, but are nearly always the humble and comparatively defenseless. This has been the history of present-day Sunday enforcement. Note a few examples. While the hum-bie seventh-day observer works quietly in a retired place on Sunday painting a little house of worship, the railroad  company is selling tickets to hundreds of excursionists in the center of the town, and soon its heavy train is rum-bling and thundering through town and country; the seventh-day observer is arrested, prosecuted, and fined, but not even a complaint is entered against the railroad company. Again, while seventh-day observers engage in the erection of a school building on Sunday, the great coal and iron works in the vicinity proceeds with its smelting and other industry; the seventh-day ob-servers are indicted, convicted, and placed in the chain-gang, but there is no indictment of the managers of the coal and iron company, and no com-plaint against them. Again, while the small storekeeper in the city quietly makes little sales of goods that are de-sired and in most cases are needed by customers on Sunday, the great news-papers are being published, distributed, and sold, the street-car and railway systems are being operated, express companies are transporting goods nois-ily through the streets and dispatching them to distant points, and other forms of business are proceeding; the small storekeeper is arrested and fined, but the managers and directors of these other businesses, which are far more conspicuous and "disturbing to the peace and quiet of the day," are never proceeded against. No matter what the courts may have ruled nor what public opinion may have been educated to, in the light of truth and common 