THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY 799 All the time of this audience the crowd was clamoring about the building, cry-ing : "A Roman pope ! If not a Ro-man, an Italian,!" To the spokesman of the crowd the cardinals very piously re-plied that "no election of a pope could be by requisition, favor, fear, or tumult; but only by the interposition of the Holy Ghost. 'We are in your power; you may kill us, but we must act according to God's ordinance. To-morrow we cele-brate the mass for the descent of the Holy Ghost ; as the Holy Ghost directs, so shall we do.' The people responded : 'If ye persist to do despite to Christ, if we have not a Roman pope, we will hew these cardinals and Frenchmen in pieces.' " The intruders were persuaded at length to leave the hall, and the cardinals began their deliberation. All night the crowd kept up their cries : "A Roman pope! A Roman pope !" In the early morning some men had climbed to the belfry of St. Peter's, and were clanging the bells as though the city were on fire ; and the vast crowd were still demanding "A Roman pope !" The day passed with no election. All night again the crowd continued their cries, and the clanging of the bells, and the beating upon the doors of the building where the cardinals were. Morning came with the tumult increas-ing. The cardinals tried to speak to the crowd from the windows, but all their efforts were answered only with the shout, "A Roman ! A Roman !" By this time not even an Italian would be accepted. By this time also the crowd had succeeded in breaking open the pope's cellar, and gaining access to the abund-ance and variety of rich wines there stored. Thus drunkenness was added to their fury. THE CARDINALS RESORT TO DECEPTION Eleven of the sixteen cardinals were French, and, of course, would, if possible,  have a pope who would sit at Avignon. But now the crowd had become so violent that the whole conclave were in danger of being massacred ; and they finally agreed, and chose the archbishop of Bari, Bartholomew Prignani, as pope. But as he was not a Roman the cardinals feared to let it be known, until they had made good their escape. They therefore had the cardinal of St. Peter's to appear at the window "with what either was or seemed to be the papal stole and miter." Instantly the multitude triumphantly shouted with joyful acclaim: "We have a Roman pope ! The cardinal of St. Peter's. Long live Rome ! Long live St. Peter !" The crowd now actually broke into the hall of conclave, pressed around the aged cardinal of St. Peter's, and, in their wild congratulations, almost smothered him, in spite of his protest that he was not the pope. One portion of the multitude hurried to his palace, broke it open, threw the furniture into the streets, and sacked it from cellar to garret. When the crowd broke into the hall the cardinals succeeded in making their es-cape through secret passages. The real pope-elect hid himself, fearing that he should be massacred because he was not a Roman, but only an Italian. The next day, however, the Roman cardinals found him, and sent notice to the Roman offi-cials of his election. And, since the crowd had in great measure spent its fury, they were allowed to proceed with the cere-monies of the installation. The installa-tion sermon was from the text : "Such ,ought he to be, an undefiled High Priest." He was proclaimed Pope Urban VI. (April 9, 1378, to Oct. 15, 1389). THE ELECTION OF URBAN VI. SOLEMNLY AFFIRMED f. On the same day that Urban VI. was ordained to the Papacy, "the cardinals 