THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 301 start anew in Sunday selling. While they express a desire to keep their store doors locked at least one day during the week, they say that unless something is done they will have to annul the agreement they en-tered into with the Butchers and Grocers' Clerks As-sociation last winter. "The plea made by some of the customers is that during the half-holiday allowed on Saturday during the heated term they do not care to be bothered in the selection of eatables for the next day's dinner. They argue that it is their wish to spend the afternoon with-out any thought as to the morrow; their desire being more for going on jaunts than going for joints of beef." All of which goes to show that it is a very hard mat-ter to compel a whole people to keep Sunday if they don't want to keep it. B. An Anti-Protestant Crusade in France. Among the most aggresive and bitter agitations of the day is the propaganda in France directed against the Protestants, which has become a fixed and persist-ent fact in the religious thought of the republic. The Christliche Welt (Leipzig, No. 14) contains from the pen of Eugene Lachenmann an interesting collection of data on this subject, presented, of course, from a Protestant point of view. The attacks, we are told, are increasing in intensity and number. Especially is the "Bonne Presse" of the Assumptionist busy with this propaganda, and the various "Croix" or church newspapers published throughout the provinces make it a point to keep the people aroused on the subject. In this controversy, Protestants, Freethinkers, Freemasons, and Jews are all put into one class, the leading charge being that of treachery to the country and an alliance with the Protestant nations, especially Germany. The type of opposition is much like that at one time displayed against the Huguenots, and this name has even been revived as a term of reproach and suspicion against.  the Protestants. The origin of this agitation is interesting. Two years ago, Ernest Renauld, the editor of a provincial and local paper in Cher, published a pamphlet entitled "Le Peril Protestant," which aroused a great deal of excitement. It has been followed by a solid volume of 569 pages on the same subject by the same author, with the special purpose of pointing out that Protes-tantism is the great danger to the religion, politics, and social order of the country. The character of this massive work can probably best be given by quoting Renauld's own words : "The Republican Party is the Protestant party, and as the Protestint party it is the English and the Ger-man party in France. . . . The Huguenots go hand-in-hand with the traitors of the fatherland and with the foreign foes of. France, just as their religious  fellows did in the year 1870. . . . The Protestants force their way into the houses of the French people, ostensibly to sell Bibles, but in truth to spy out where the honest peasant has hidden his savings. They are picking out quarters for the army of the invasion. Therefore we must keep a watch over these imbeciles and force them to leave our towns. If France once becomes Protestant, then she will be little more than a vassal of England. These pious gospel messengers do not propose so much to make converts to Protes-tantism as to demoralize our good Łpeople and to lay plans for facilitating the proposed invasion of our country. We appeal to the peasants to become new crusaders in the interest of the good cause." One of the noteworthy features of the book is the fact that it gives the address of the leading representa-tives of Protestantism throughout France. The example of Renauld has been followed by others. "Le Complot Protestante" ("The Protestant Conspiracy") is the most recent and sensational con- tribution to this crusade. This conspiracy consists in this, that Queen Victoria yearly contributes twenty-five million francs to the support of the Protestant religion and to the struggle against France. This is done on the basis of an agreement made between England and Prussia in 1757. Accordingly each and all work undertaken by the Protestants in France has but the one aim, namely, that of advancing this con-spiracy. Two other Anti-Protestant pamphlets are very popular in France ; one is entitled "La Trahison Protestante" ("The Treachery of Protestantism"), and the other "L'Ossature de la Trahison" ("The Structure of Treachery"). These are brought out with a grin- ning skull and a black background on the titlepage. Among the views given in them are these : "As the Jew is a born money-maker, so the Hugue-not is a born traitor. A Catholic will die for his faith ; a Jew, to save his money; but a Protestant knows no martyrdom. . . . The claim of the innocence of Dreyfus was simply a specimen of Protestant treachery in order to make it possible for England to occupy Fashoda and for William II. to make his journey to Jerusalem. All the defenders of Dreyfus are open or secret Protestants, and the whole affair was conducted after the manner of the Protestants, who are not by their faith compelled to implicit obedience to their superiors, but subject everything to free 'investiga-tion.' " Another noteworthy production of this crusade is "Le Conquete Protestante" ("The Conquest of Protes-tantism"), with the sub-title, "A Plea for Social Peace and National Reconciliation." This work is based on the well-known fact that so many of the leading offices and high state positions in France are filled by Protes- tants. The author says : "The Catholics are too scrupulous. Nobody can bake an omelet without breaking some eggs. No revolution can be achieved without advancing over dead bodies. Do you think it would be a crime to condemn and to put to death such men as Zadox 