482  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ment of political self-government, and that without saying one word about forms of government or concerning pol-itics as such. No man who is not a Christian can become a Christian with-out having an increased sense of person-al responsibility to God ; and no man can realize his moral responsibility without at the same time feeling that he is the possessor of certain inalienable, God-given rights, which no government, no matter whether of one or of many, has any right to invade. When Jesus Christ came to earth it was "the midnight of the world." Every-where within the confines of the civiliza-tion then existing "the iron monarchy of Rome" held undisputed sway. Only Roman citizens had rights, and even they enjoyed those rights, not because they were acknowledged as a natural endow-ment, but by favor of the Roman state. But all this was changed by the preaching of the Gospel. Jesus Christ taught that God's authority is paramount. Every man who received this doctrine and acknowledged the claims of the di-vine law felt that he served God not by sufferance, but by right. He was to obey God rather than men. This neces-sarily involved the assumption of the right to sit in judgment upon all human laws and to determine the lawfulness or unlawfulness of the laws themselves. As one writer has said : That helpless spirit of blind obedience to the decrees of despotic governments which char-acterized the pagan peoples, was therefore im-possible to the Christians. . . . The logi-cal tendency of Christianity was, therefore, to originate the idea of personal liberty for all men, unknown to the world before; to repudi-ate the heathen doctrine of the divine character and right of kings; to sit in judgment upon their laws, and intelligently to obey, or refuse to obey, them; in a word, to cultivate and ex-ercise, as a matter of religious faith, that spirit  of personal independence, both of action and of thought, which we in later times denominate democracy. The world moved less swiftly then than now, but the gospel leaven was at work, and in less than three centuries from the day of Pentecost, Christianity, with its doctrine of natural rights and inherent liberty, had so permeated the Roman Empire and so revolutionized human methods of thought and schemes and theories of government as to make possible the edict of Milan, which left not only Christians but all others per-fectly free "to pursue that worship and religion which they wish." By and by apostasy in the church turned back the wheels of progress and once more liberty of conscience was de-nied, but with the coming of the Refor-mation and the reproclamation of the Gospel, the truth of the right of self-government was revived and the Ameri-can Republic was made possible. Now again the minds of men are be-ing turned away from the pure gold of self-government to follow after the dross and tin of empire. There can be but one result, namely, human life and hu-man liberty will be sacrificed to human ambition. The worship of the Prince of Peace will give place to the adoration of the god of war. It is for these and kindred reasons that imperialism should be discussed by the press, and should be understood by the people. It may be too late to save the nation from the embrace of impe-rialism, but it is certainly a time for in-dividuals who profess loyalty to the King of kings to prove that loyalty by obedience to the fundamental principle of his government : "Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." 