EDITORIAL 375 by the Government to the Vatican. It believes that whatever negotiations are necessary should be held in Washington, and observes: "Besides, the sending of a special envoy to Rome would not be a courteous act to the United States." We do know what is meant by this state-ment. Those who are engineering this scheme are not thinking about courtesies for the United States, but victories for the Papacy. 10Ł "Tke Vatican's Disappointment" The Papacy is leaving no stone un-turned in her efforts to get the United States meekly in line with the other powers which are ready on occasion with their special embassies, congratulations, and gifts for the "Holy See." It is al-most amusing to observe the tactics which she so artfully employs. She pouts, she chides, she scolds, she argues, persuades, and shows how easily what she wants could be done. A good specimen of papal handicraft is the following, which one of the writers on the Hearst newspapers contributed to those journals early in April: Profound is the disappointment which pre-vails at the Vatican in consequence of the failure of President Roosevelt to take any no-tice whatsoever of the Pope's Pontifical Jubi-lee. All of the rulers of the great powers of the world have sent special embassies to the Holy See for the purpose of presenting con-gratulations and good wishes to the one ruler who, while universally acknowledged and rec-ognized as a sovereign, has no dominions. Even nations that are not, strictly speaking. in diplomatic relations with the Papacy, and which do not maintain embassies or legations at the Vatican, such as for instances Great Britain and the Netherlands, have sent special missions, the Earl of Denbigh, with a large suite, having been dispatched to Rome by King Edward, while Queen Wilhelmina has sent General Count Henry du Monceau, one of the principal dignitaries of her court and house-hold. The Prince of Montenegro, who is the  father-in-law of the King of Italy, has dele-gated Louis Voinovich, while all the South American republics have commissioned special embassies for the occasion. Turkey and Japan actually are represented, and the only two powers, the one coming under the denomina-tion of "great," and the other of minor impor-tance, that have taken no notice of Leo XIII.'s Pontifical Jubilee, are the United States and Mexico. This is all the more surprising, as there has been friendly intercourse in the past between the White House and the Vatican, and valuable gifts have been exchanged between former American Presidents and the present Pontiff. Some years ago Leo XIII. sent a superb vol-ume containing reproductions and photographs of the newly restored Borghese galleries at the Vatican to the PresidentŠI think it was Presi-dent McKinleyŠthe work being identical with that which the Pope was presenting to the other rulers of the great powers of the world. Some beautiful mosaics accompanied the gift. The President responded in kind, so that there is a precedent for amicable intercourse. The Italiat Government does not take any offence at these special embassies. . . . ,Of course it would not do for President Roosevelt to send any Roman Catholic prel-ate, since that would be contrary to etiquette, and give an altogether wrong idea with regard to the mission. All of the special envoys are laymen, and if President Roosevelt sends any-body, he should dispatch some prominent lay-man commissioned to express his good wishes, precisely in the same way that he is sending Doctor Curry to Madrid. with the identical object in view in connection with the coming of age of the King of Spain, and Mr. White-law Reid to London, on the occasion of the coronation of King Edward. It would constitute a recognition, not of the Pope's claims to temporal sovereignty, but merely of his efforts throughout the entire terms of his pontificate to maintain peace be-tween nations, to promote the respect of the masses for the duly constituted authorities, and to act in every dispute as a mediator. No one did more than Leo XIII. to induce Spain to yield to the demands of the United States in 1898, and to avert the conflict which subse-quently ensued between the two countries. And of the same tenor is the following from the lett& concerning the jubilee cel-ebration written from Rome by the cor- 