ANNOUNCEMENT THE SENTINEL will hereafter be issued from Wash-ington, D. C. Let all take notice of this, and from this time address all communications intended for the paper to THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY, 222 North Capitol St., Washington, D. C., instead of to II West 20ti? St., New York, as hereto- fore. We request also that our exchanges oblige us by coming to the new address hereafter. See reading notice on page 633. We learn from the American Israelite that " his imperial highness Alexander III., Emperor of all the Russias, fearing that the reading of the Israelite by his subjects would undermine their allegiance to his throne, has issued an imperial ukase commanding that hereafter this in-cendiary journal should be excluded from his realm." The Israelite of course means Nicholas II. In Russia they believe in freedom of thought and discussion so long as what is thought and said is in harmony with the existing political and ecclesiastical orthodoxy. This idea is not entirely confined to Russia, though for-tunately it cannot have free course in most other parts of the world. The Israelite is not an incendiary journal at all, and the fact of its exclusion from Russia is indicative of the intolerant spirit which controls the Russian government. It is said that the spirit of revolution is spread-ing in Russia at present. Russia thinks she is pursuing a course that will crush  it; she is in reality provoking and stimu-lating it. The way of safety for her lies in a liberal, not a repressive, policy. To accede to the Catholic demand would mean a division of the school fund, and once the dividing began it could not logically stop until every sect had its de-nominational school supported from the fund raised by taxation of the whole com-munity ; and there would be an end of the common school system. Admitting that this system is right and justifiable, the Catholic can have but one reasonable ob-jection to it as now carried on, and that is because of Bible reading and other Protestant forms of worship in which Catholic children are constrained to par-ticipate. Here is a genuine grievance, and until it is redressed by the total secularization of the schools the Catholic cry for a division of the funds will have a semblance of justice. Secularize the schools completely, and Rome is dis-armed.ŠThe Truth Seeker. 