NOTE AND COMMENT 467 other direction, Judge Grosscup, of Chi-cago, having issued a restraining order against the officials of several of the great railroads centering in that city, commanding them to observe the Inter-State Commerce Law with reference to rate discrimination. And now the Rail-way Age, which speaks for the railroads, protests against this resort to the court of equity in a matter that is amply cov-ered by statute. The corporations, hav-ing so often in the past invoked this sort of interference, cannot with very good grace object when it is occasionally felt by themselves. The danger in the whole matter is just what the Republican points out : it tends to substitute a government of men for that of lawŠthe will and per-sonal inclination of an individual in the place of the mandates of the law which it is his business to administer. In this matter even The Outlook ceases for the moment its habitual cry that "all is well," and observes: It is not in accord with the spirit of English civilization that the protection of society should be vested in courts, empowered to prosecute, try, and sentence, without the co-operation of juries, or of officials representing the executive branch of the government. Such an enlargement of the functions of the judi-ciary, no matter for how good a purpose, is to be regarded with alarm. Ł With the unconditional surrender of General Malver, one of the principal Fili-pino leaders then in the field, on April 16, to the Americans, came the announce-ment of the complete "pacification" of the provinces of Laguna and Batangas. But at the same time came the news that trouble had started with the Moros. the fiercest warriors in the archipelago. The Moros had refused to deliver to the American authorities certain men said to have murdered two American soldiers, and an expedition was planned to be sent against them, it being deemed "ab- solutely important that our authority shall be respected by these people and that the sovereignty of the United States shall be fully acknowledged." Some fighting had already taken place when in-structions were received from Washing-ton to withdraw the American forces from Mindanao, but as it was empha-sized by the army officials that with-drawal "would destroy American pres-tige," later instructions were given to "go ahead, using every means to avoid a general conflict." A battle resulted on May 3 with the forces of the Sultan of Bayan, in which the 30o Moros were severely defeated. The Sultan and sev-eral of his leading Dattos and many of his followers were killed, and eighty-four were taken prisoners. Eight Amer-icans were killed and forty-one wounded. Later about half of the Moro prisoners were killed in an attempt to escape. The taking of the fort in which the Moros were entrenched was officially described as "one of the most gallant performances of American arms." "By attacking them," read the official dispatch, "they have been completely crushedŠthe only kind of lesson these wild Moros seem to be able to understand." And it is de-clared that this "secures respect for United States authority in the center of Moro savagery." While it is now thought that this ends all Moro resist-ance, it is not at all unlikely that it is the beginning of a conflict worse than any that has thus far been known in the Phil-ippines. With regard to the two measures now proposed in Congress for dealing with the Philippine question, The Commoner says: The main point of difference between the Democratic plan and the Republican plan is that the Democratic plan recognizes the right of the Filipinos to self-government and prom- 