672  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY upon earth can have no equal. And since the whole world belongs to God, it should equally appertain to the pope. Emperors, kings, and ¥princes cannot then be recognized as lawful unless they have received their states as fiefs from the chief of the Church, who possesses this immense power, not by the right of the sword, but by divine right. For Jesus gave to St. Peter the keys, not the key of the kingdom of heaven only, that is one for spiritual and another for temporal things. The faithful should obey only God and the pope. And when kings refuse obedience to the Holy See they place themselves without the bosom of the Church; they condynn themselves with their own mouths as heretics; and should conse-quently be handed over to the inquisitors to be burned for the edification of the faithful.ÑDe Cormenin. Pope John XXII. died in 1334, at nearly the age of ninety years. "After his death they found in his treasury eighteen millions of florins [about forty-three and a half millions of dollars] in coined money, besides his vessels, crosses, miters, and precious stones, which were valued at seven millions of florins [about seventeen millions of dollars]. Cardinal Villani declares : 'I can render certain testimony to this, because my brother, a man worthy of belief, who was one of the purveyors of the pontificial court was at Avignon when the treasurers made their report to the cardinals. This immense wealth, and the still greater which the holy father had expended, were the proceeds of his industry, that is, of the sale of indulgences, benefices, dis-pensations, reserves, expectatives, and annates. But what contributed the most to increase his treasures was the tax  from the apostolic chancellors for the absolution of all crimes !' "ÑId. This same writer well remarks : "The good man had forgotten that saying, 'Lay not up your treasures upon earth.' " And this vast sum that was found in the cof-fers of John XXII. after his death was that which was left over "beyond and above the lavish expenditure on the Italian wars, the maintenance of his mar-tial son or nephew, the cardinal legate, at the head of a great army, his profuse provision for other relatives," and the enormous expenditures of the papal court at Avignon. From all of this it may be conjectured as to what was the immensi-ty of the papal revenues. "One large source of his wealth was notorious to Christendom. Under the pretext of discouraging simony he seized into his own power all the collegiate benefices throughout Christendom. Be-sides this, by the system of papal re-serves, he never confirmed the direct pro-motion of any prelate, but by his skilful promotion of each bishop to a richer bishopric or archbishopric, and so on to a patriarchate, as on each vacancy the an-nates or first fruits were paid, six or more fines would accrue to the treasury. Yet this popeÑthough besides his great rapacity, he was harsh, relentless, a cruel persecutor, and betrayed his joy not only at the discomfiture, but at the slaughter of his enemiesÑhad great fame for piety as well as learning, arose every night to pray and to study, and every morning at-tended mass."ÑMilman. O Though long deprived of "temporal power," and therefore of formal recog-nition as a ruler, the Pope of Rome and his friends have never ceased to insist that he is a ruler by right. Late develop-ments in connection with the question of  tte lands belonging to the religious orders in the Philippines have led the United States to send a representative to Rome, and evidence is not wantingÑas it has not been for some .years pastÑthat the Roman Church intends to secure per- 