"FEUDAL AMERICA" 341  divorcement from the land and the appli-cation of steam to factory operation. They are economically unfree except in so far as their organizations make pos-sible a collective bargaining for wages and hours. The growth of commerce ' raised up an enormous class of clerks and helpers, perhaps the most dependent class in the community. The growth and partial diffusion of wealth in America has in fifty years largely altered the character of domestic service and in-creased the number of servants many fold. Railroad pools and farm-imple-ment trusts have drawn a tightening cor-don about the farmers. The professions, too, have felt the change. Behind many of our important newspapers are private commercial interests which dictate their general policy, if not, as is frequently the case, their particular attitude upon every public question; while the race for endowments made by the greater num-ber of the churches and by all colleges, except a few State-supported ones, com-pels a cautious regard on the part of synod and faculty for the wishes, the views and prejudices of men of great wealth. To this growing deference of preacher, teacher and editor is added that of two yet more important classes Šthe makers and the interpreters of law. The record of legislation and judicial in-terpretation regarding slavery previous to the Civil War has been paralleled in recent years by the record of legislatures and courts in matters relating to the lives and health of manual workers, es-pecially in such cases as employers' lia-bility and factory inspection. Thus, with a great addition to the number of subordinate classes, with a tremendous increase of their individual components, and with a corresponding growth of power in the hands of a few score mag-nates, there is needed little further to make up a socio-economic status that  contains all the essentials of a renascent feudalism. It is, at least in its beginning, less a personal than a class feudalism. History may repeat itself, as the adage runs ; but not by identical forms and events. The great spirals of evolutionary progress carry us for a time back to the general direction of older journeyings, but not to the well-worn pathways themselves. The old feudalism exacted faithful service, industrial and martial, from the under-ling; protection and justice from the overlord. It is not likely that personal fidelity, as once known, can ever be re-stored ; the long period of dislodgment from the land, the diffusion of learning, the exercise of the franchise, and the training in individual effort have left a seemingly unbridgeable chasm between the past and the present forms. But though personal fidelity, in the old sense, is improbable, group fidelity, founded upon the conscious dependence of a class, is already observable, and it grows apace. . . . Some of us grumble at times and ask angrily where it will all end. We talk threateningly of instituting referen-dums to curb excessive power ; of levy-ing income taxes, or of compelling the government to acquire the railroads and the telegraphs. We subscribe to news-papers and other publications which criticise the acts of the great corpora-tions, and we hail as a new Gracchus the ardent reformer who occasionally comes forth for a season to do battle for the popular cause. But this revolt is, for the most part, sentimental ; it is a mental attitude but rarely transmutable into terms of action. It is, moreover, sporadic and flickering ; it dies out after a time, and we revert to our usual moods, con-cerning ourselves with our particular in-terests and letting the rest of the world wag as it will. The new feudalism is thus character- 