EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 741 cent years, it is, well that the attention of the people of the United States should 'be directed to the high responsi-bility and obligation resting upon them which these statements were designed to impress, and which many leading Americans, in the eagerness to have their country "like all the nations," seem to have forgotten or ceased to respect: In no other place and at no other time has the experiment of government of the people, by the people, for the people, been tried on so vast a scale as here in our own country. Failure would not only be a dreadful thing for us, but a dreadful thing for all man-kind, because it would mean loss of hope for all who believe in the power and the righteousness of liberty. The governor of New York told the people of that State this year that "the nation of which our commonwealth is an integral part has been the pacific agent for the extension of Christianity and civilization," that "in all we have been singularly blessed by the evi-dences of divine favor," and that "it is therefore not only our duty, but we should also welcome the opportunity for expressing our gratitude to the Ruler of the universe." "In accord-ance with time-honored custom," he therefore, as governor, in a document bearing "the private seal of the State," proclaimed to them : "Let us put aside secular employment and repair to our various places of worship and there offer up praise and thanksgiving to God." And, "in order that we may discharge this duty, and in pursuance of the power vested in me," he "set aside" and designated November 26 "as a day of thanksgiving and prayer." Of course the governor had no power vested in him to issue a document of this character. Such use of the author-ity of the office of governor or of Presi-dent may be in harmony with "time- honored custom," but it exceeds the delegated and constitutional power of the incumbents of those offices. It is a well-established principle in this coun-try, notwithstanding it is not fully ob-served, that civil officials have "no all-thority touching matters of faith and worship." The official "thanksgiving" proclamation, with its directions and recommendations, is distinctly and un-mistakably an assumption of authority touching matters of faith and worship. It is true that these proclamations are not now very authoritative, but the in-evitable tendency is for them to be-come more authoritative and at lait imperative. The "duty" which is now officially affirmed and its performance officially recommended merely, will in the natural course of things come to be officially enforced under penalty. The statement as to the "extension of Christianity" probably means nothing, but it serves to give a sort of official recognition to that religion, to make it appear as if it were the recognized and established religion of the State and nation. It will therefore please ail those who are pleased to believe that "this is a Christian nation" and that Christianity is legally established in this country. It is most certainly an excellent thing to give thanks unto the Lord and to rcount his blessings, but whether or not it is an excellent thing for the President of the United States and the governors of States to recom-mend and direct that this be done de-pends upon whether or not it is an excellent thing to consistently adhere to the great principle which requires a clear and distinct separation between the functions of the church and the state Š upon whether or not it is an excellent thing to disregard that prin-ciple sometimes. If the principle is indeed a right principle it cannot safely be disregarded, no matter how 