The Philadelphia Decision Pennsylvania Magistrate Declares Sunday Law of that State to be too Indefinite for Enforcement ASUNDAY law decision that has at-tracted wide attention throughout the country was rendered by Magistrate Gorman in Philadelphia on March 31. Though quite noteworthy in itself, its fame is due chiefly to the unusual char-acter of the prosecutions which called it forth, and to the fact that it affects the old statute of 1794, which has itself been an object of considerable attention of late because of the effort to secure its partial repeal. It seems that a considerable number of the smaller dealers in Philadelphia, grow-ing tired of the continual annoyance and oppression to which they were subjected through the instrumentality of the old Sunday law and the activity of the agents of the Philadelphia Sabbath (Sunday) Association, determined to make the law odious and to cause its validity to be tested by enforcing it in other direc-tions. For this purpose they formed an organization which seems to have been called the " Sunday Observance Associa-tion." On Sunday, March 15, agents of this organization went to the offices of the Philadelphia Press, Public Ledger, and North American, and after purchas-ing over their counters copies of their Sunday issues and paying for small ad-vertisements to be published, swore out warrants for the clerks who had waited on them, charging them with violation of the Sunday law. They also made pur-chases at the stands of the Union News Company, and followed delivery wagons of the Crane Ice-Cream Company until they had secured evidence showing that ice-cream was being delivered and busi-ness transacted by this company. War-rants were then sworn out against the managers of these concerns, charging  them with " performing worldly employ-ment or business on the Lord's day, com-monly called Sunday, by directing and causing to be sold and delivered " ice-cream and newspapers. The cases were heard before Magis-trate Gorman on March 23. The defend-ants were represented by able counsel, the newspapers having assumed all re-sponsibility for the acts of their em-ployees. Ex-Judge James G. Gordon, representing the North American, made a most able argument against the law under which the prosecutions were brought, and when he had concluded the representatives of the other papers agreed to let their cases rest upon his argument. In an early issue of THE SENTINEL we will present portions of Judge Gordon's argument. After hearing the other cases the magistrate reserved his decision until the date already given. The cases against the managers of the ice-cream company and the Union News Company were dis-charged on the ground that " the Com-monwealth failed to connect the defendant in either case with the act complained of." We quote from the decision rendered in the cases of the newspapers, taking the liberty to place in italics some statements that are worthy of emphasis : Although the warrants were issued for the arrest of the clerks in the employ of the news-papers mentioned for the violation of the act of April 22, 1794, the latter assumed full re-sponsibility for said acts and defended on the broad ground that the act of April 22, 1794 (under which the prosecution is brought), is unconstitutional because it violates Section 3 of Article 1 of the Declaration of Rights of the Constitution of Pennsylvania (which reads : " All men have a natural and inde-feasable right to worship Almighty God ac-cording to the dictates of their own conscience. No man can of right be compelled to attend, 