"THE MOST SATANIC OF ALL PASSIONS" 169 woe, woe to them who would pluck from him this sceptre ! A mind, inspired by God with reason and conscience, and capable, through these endowments, of progress in truth and duty, is a sacred thing; more sacred than temples made with hands, or even than this outward universe. It is of nobler lineage than that of which human aristocracy makes its boast. It bears the lineaments of a Divine Parent. It has not only a physical, but moral connection with the Supreme Being. Through its self-determining power it is accountable for its deeds, and for whatever it be-comes. Responsibility, that which above all things makes existence solemn, is laid upon it. From these views we learn that no outrage, no injury, can equal that which is perpetrated by him who would break down and subjugate the human mind; who would rob men of self-reverence ; who would bring them to stand more in awe of outward authority than of reason and conscience in their own souls ; who would make himself a standard and law for his race, and shape, by force or terror, the free spirits of others after his own judgment and will. My love of liberty in all its forms and my abhorrence of all the forms of op-pression, I have not borrowed from Greece or Rome. Greece and Rome are names of little weight to a Christian. They are warnings, rather than inspirers and guides. My reverence for human liberty and rights has grown up in a dif- ferent school, under milder and holier discipline. Christianity has taught me  to respect my race and to reprobate its oppressors. It is because I have learned to regard man under the light of this re-ligion that I cannot bear to see him treated as a brute, insulted, wronged, enslaved, made to wear a yoke, to tremble before his brother, to serve him as a tool, to hold property and life at his will, to surrender intellect and conscience to the priest, or to seal his lips or belie his thoughts through dread of the civil power. It is because I have learned the essential equality of men before the com-mon Father that I cannot endure to see one man establishing his arbitrary will over another by fraud or force, or wealth, or rank, or superstitious claims. It is because the human being has moral powers, because he carries a law in his own breast, and was made to govern him-self, that I cannot endure to see him taken out of his own hands and fashioned into a tool by another's avarice or pride. Jesus Christ came, indeed, to rule mankind ; but to rule them, not by arbi-trary statutes, not by force and menace, not by mere will, but by setting before them, in precept and life, those everlast-ing rules of rectitude which Heaven obeys. He came to exert a moral power; to reign by the manifestation of celestial virtues ; to awaken the energy pf holy purpose in the free mind. He came to publish liberty to the captives; to open the prison door; to break the power of the passions; to break the yoke of cere-monial religion which had been imposed upon the race ; to exalt us to a manly homage and obedience to our Creator. God never forces the will or con-science ; but Satan's constant resortŠto gain control of those whom he cannot otherwise seduceŠis compulsion by cru-elty. Through fear or force he endeavors to rule the conscience, and to secure hom-age to himself. To accomplish this, he  works through both religious and secular authorities.ŠMrs. E. G. White. The Papacy, next to Christianity, is the great Fact of the modern world.Š.T. A. Wylie, LL.D. 