68 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY but he said that those who were turned out of office usually had power to get back again when the popular uprising had subsided, and then things were no better than before. Professor Adler also called attention to the appearance of imperialism, which had " sprung up in a night," and which had insinuated itself into the national life and become established as the au-thoritative policy of the nation, although the people of the nation had never ren-dered a verdict on the question. The people had not expressed themselves, but the few who were at the head of affairs had in the name of the people adopted the policy of imperialism as the national policy. He gave special attention to the latest proposition of imperialismŠthe in-troduction of coolie labor into the Philip-pinesŠand said that this, too, would be carried through and established as the policy of the nation before the people knew anything about it, if they did not bestir themselves. " What is this propo-sitionŁfor the introduction of coolie labor in the 'Philippines," he declared, " but a proposal to establish under American authority a modified form of human slavery forty years after we decided at -terrible cost to banish this evil from our nation forever? " And he said that if this system of labor, which was modified slavery only in that it was for a specified period and not for life, were introduced into the Philippines, no one could say that it would not before long be introduced into the United States. We hope to be able to present to the readers of THE SENTINEL portions of this address at an-other time. A very noteworthy confirmation of the fact that the people of the United States are failing to govern themselves as indi-viduals and are pursuing a course which means in the end the loss of their liber-ties, is afforded by McClure's Magazine for January. It happens that three of the  leading articles, although on widely dif-ferent topics, and without any purpose to that end by the writers or the editor, go to show and to emphasize one thing, and that thing is the lawlessness, or rather the lack of individual self-govern-ment, that prevails to-day among the people of the United States. The editor was moved to call special attention to the matter as " a coincidence that may set us thinking," and we cannot forbear pre-senting this special editorial here and giving emphasis by means of italics and capitals to some portions of it : How many of those who have read through this number of the magazine noticed that it con-tains three articles on one subject? We did not plan it so; it is a coincidence that the January McClure's is such an arraignment of American character as should make every one of us stop and think. How many noticed that? The leading article, " The Shame of Min-neapolis," might have been called " The Amer-ican Contempt of Law." That title could well have served for the current chapter of Miss Tarbell's History of Standard Oil. And it would have fitted perfectly Mr. Baker's " The Right to Work." All together, these articles come pretty near showing how universal is this dangerous trait of ours. Miss Tarbell has our capitalists conspiring among themselves, deliberately, shrewdly, upon legal advice, to break the law so far as it restrained them, and to misuse it to restrain others who were in their way. Mr. Baker shows labor, the an-cient enemy of capital and the chief complain-ant of the trust's unlawful acts, itself com-mitting and excusing crimes. And in " The Shame of Minneapolis " we see the administra-tion of a city employing criminals to commit crimes for the profit of the elected officials, while the citizensŠAmericans of good stock, and more than average culture, and honest, healthy ScandinaviansŠstood by complacent and not alarmed. Capitalists, workingmen, politicians, citizens Šall breaking the law, or letting it be broken. Who is left to uphold it? The lawyers? Some of the best lawyers in this country are hired, not to go into court to defend cases, but to advise corporations and business firms how they can get around the law without too great a risk of punishment. The judges? Too many of them so respect the laws that for 