678 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY authority in a civil court, but in such a case as this it is proper. When a man is accused and is being tried for "profanation of the Lord's day," it is perfectly proper for him to appeal to the word and the law of the Lord on the subject. We take it that nobody will deny that if there is any word or law of the Lord regarding the Lord's day and its ,profanation, it is found in the Bible. Of course every one knows what day is intended to be designated by the, term "Lord's day" in these "Sabbath" statutes, but since that day is not the Lord's day according to what must be admitted to be the best and highest authority that we have regard-ing the matter, the authority upon which the statutes themselves were originally based and to which appeal in their behalf is still freely made, it is proper to go back of that and to deny that work on Sunday is "profanation of the Lord's day." Though in itself it is a little matter, if ever there was a case of religious oppression this last case is one ; and the other two do not differ much from it. As our readers The "Reform" Bureau Active know, one of the most active forces in the country to-day which in some lines, especially that of Sunday observ-ance by law and governmental author-ity, is seeking to undermine the prin-ciple of separation of church and state, is the " Christian " lobby. at Washing-ton Š the " International Reform Bureau." Evidence of its activity just now in this line is afforded not only by what is given in the following, but by 'the fact that as "special correspond-ence " from Washington this and simi-lar matter is appearing in papers that will publish it at other points in the country. We quote from the New Voice (Chicago), of October 8: The International Reform Bureau did a good stroke of work on Sept. 27. It found out last Saturday night that the Washington postoffice had decided to open the money order department on Sunday, notified twenty-five pulpits before church service the next morning and as a result of public, pulpit pro-tests so incited, secured the immediate countermanding of the Sunday order by the postoffice authorities. The Bureau proposes to make this victory the start for still greater reductions in governmental Sunday work, which has been growing in ever-increasing quantity, especially in the postoffices. Toronto and London both demonstrate that large, prosperous cities will suffer no inconvenience from a total cessa-tion of the reception and delivery of mail. The Bureau has made this the occasion of republishing in condensed form the hearing on Sunday rest in 1888, when a petition of 11,000,000, in-cluding labor unions and churches of all denominations, asked for the total suppression of all Sunday work within the control of the general government. As the postoffice really introduced by its Sunday mails the Sunday trains, Sunday papers, and much of the Sun-day traffic which gathers about the postoffices, it seems to be the appro-priate place to begin a recovery of the imperiled Sabbath by cutting off the unmerciful and unnecessary work im-posed upon the employees in this branch of government work, who have as much right to Sunday rest as the President, whose Sunday is protected by the very Constitution. So the " Reform " Bureau is seeking to accomplish " the total suppression of all Sunday work within the control of the general government." That is, it is seeking to make the general gov- ernment bow absolutely to the religious Sunday Š a church institution. Yes, employees in the different branches of the government service have as much right to Sunday rest as does the Presi-dent, and what is more, the laws and the Constitution afford them just as much protection in exercising that Ł Ł 