478  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY unrighteousness pays; never to lose hold of the Eternal hand that throughout his-tory leads them that trust it; to be will-ing to be of no reputation, and to face death calmly rather than to apostatize ;  to maintain serenity and unshaken faith where the multitude are faithlessÑthis is indeed an optimism worthy of yen-eration.ÑWilliam Lloyd Garrison in Springfield Republican. The True Idea of Free Government By W. N. Glenn THE only true idea of liberty is em-bodied in Christian liberty; for it was not until man became a sinner by disobeying God that he fell into a condi-tion of bondage. This was demonstrated by the deliverance from Egypt. Here the Lord brought His people "out of the house of bondage," and, indicative of their new condition of liberty, He straightway rehearsed to them His law, which man had broken when he became a sinner. "Sin is the transgression of the law." Their liberty meant freedom to worship God in spirit and in truth. Man's condition before the fall was that of uprightness, and therefore of perfect happiness. There can be no true idea of liberty without a recognition of human equality. It is God's design that all men should be free; for He gave His Son to die for that very purpose, "and is no respecter of persons." "If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." John 8: 36. But does not that refer to spiritual freedom, which any one may enjoy though in bodily bondage to an-other? True; but the greater the de-gree of spiritual freedom among the people of any state the more general will be the enjoyment of civil liberty. It is the Spirit of Christ that engenders a real respect for the rights of others, where-ever and in whomsoever that sentiment may be found. The Reformation that began in Luth-er's time indicated the solution of the problem of true civil liberty by proclaim-ing the doctrine of religious liberty. But the true idea of civil liberty did not de-velop into an actual governmental ex-periment until the Declaration of Inde-pendence was issued by representatives of the American Colonies of Great Britain. July 4, 1776, marked the be-ginning of a new order of thingsÑ"Novits Ordo Seclorum"Ñwhich was inaugurated by the American Revolu-tion. The doctrines of that Declaration are thus expressed : We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are en-dowed by their Creator with certain unaliena-ble rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the con-sent of the governed; that when any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abol-ish it, and to institute a new government, lay-ing its foundation on such principles, and or-ganizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness. One of the leading spirits in the fram-ing, the promulgation, and the establish-ment of the foregoing Declaration was Thomas Jefferson, who also enunciated the doctrine of "equal and exact justice to all men of whatever state or persua-sion, religious or political." 