of Sunday legislation is a better guide as to its nature and character than the varying excuses which from time to time are used to bolster it up. In addition to the general Sunday statute a few supplementary laws have been passed upon the same subject. In the excise law of 1857 and subsequent amendments, " provision is made for the more effective prevention of liquor selling on Sunday." In 1860 an act was passed prohibiting with special penalties theatrical and similar enter-tainments on Sunday in the city of New York. An enactment of 1872, amended in 1880, prohibited noisy pa-rades and processions on Sunday in the streets of the cities. In 1871 an enactment was passed which excepted contracts for advertisements in news-papers published on Sunday from the general provision of the law which makes contracts on Sunday invalid. In 1881 the Sunday laws then existing were substantially embodied or re-enacted in the Penal Code adopted in that year by the legislature. In re-cent years there have been special enactments with regard to barbering, meat-selling, liquor-selling, etc., with regard to which our readers are more or less familiar. The general Sunday law itself, though abbreviated con-siderably since then, remains substan-tially as it was one hundred years ago. We shall at another time compare the law as it is to-day with the law as it was when the able indictment of it which we are now printing , was written. The leading decision uphold-ing Sunday legislation and affirming its constitutionality was rendered by the supreme court of the State in 1861, in the case of Lindenmuller vs. the People. In 1877, in passing upon the same question, the court of appeals declared that the subject is ex- hausted in the Lindenmuller case," and Ł Ł 644 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY In 1695 " the General Assembly of the Colony of New York " passed a law entitled " an act against profanation of the Lord's Day, called Sunday," which " prohibited traveling (except persons going to church within twenty miles, physicians and the post), serv-ile laboring and working, shooting, fishing, sporting, playing, horse-racing, hunting, frequenting tippling houses and the using of any other unlawful exercises and pastimes upon the Lord's Day." This law was in force at the time of the adoption of the State con-stitution in 1777, and continued in force until 1788. In that year the leg-islature " passed a law for the protec-tion of the Sabbath, entitled, an act for suppressing Immorality,' which was based on the previous colonial act of 1695." The provisions of this act of 1788 were substantially re-enacted in the revisions of the State laws in 1813 and in 1830, and " have remained unchanged in subsequent editions of the revised statutes." So the Sunday law of to-day is the lineal descendant of the colonial act of 1695. It is in-teresting to note the evolution of the reason or basis for such legislation. In the early days and for a long time thereafter the laws were simply to prevent " profanation of the Lord's Ł Day." That was considered ample and sufficient ground for the enactments. But the time came when it was felt that this was not sufficient, and so the Sunday law became " an act for sup-pressing immorality." This seemed to put a better face upon the matter. And again another change was made, and the law became, as it is to-day, one ostensibly for the purpose of prevent-ing interference with religious liberty ! The next step will be to give the leg-islation an entirely civil, social basis. But this will not change the character of the legislation itself. The history 