SUNDAY LAW OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA AGAIN 41 not great. But this is not the objection which the Public Ledger makes to the Committee of Fifty and its campaign. It might be argued that men cannot be made good by law, and that an ob-servance of the Lord's day, secured by force, cannot be pleasing to Him in whose honor the day is set apart. The Committee of Fifty may compel men to abstain from selling candy and cigars on Sunday, but it cannot compel them to an exercise of the heart and will which alone could make their absti-nence service acceptable to God. It might be argued that, instead, the harshness which pursues venial of-fenders, especially since it neglects to pursue great ones, is likely to beget a suspicion and a hatred of religion, in whose name the persecution is carried on. One of our correspondents to-day reflects this unhappy tendency. But neither are these arguments which this journal employs. It might conceivably be objected to the movement that the enforcement of the blue laws is a denial to the citizens of the right of private judgment as to which day of the week is the Sabbath, or as to whether any one day is holier than the others. It is known that a considerable Christian sect makes it a point of faith to observe the seventh and not the firstŁ  day of the week. But the Public Ledger advances no such argument. A correspondent whose let-ter appears to-day seems to attribute this view to us'; we disavow it as the ground of ,our opposition to the present movement. It might be objected, from the stand-point of the most devout Christianity, that the movement for the enforcement of the blue laws is an effort to Judaize Christianity. This was the objection of all Christendom when, in the sixteenth century, it was first proposed to regard the Lord's day as a Sabbath. Chris-tians of the Roman obedience have never accepted this teaching;..those fathers of the Reformation, Luther, Calvin, Zwingli and Bucer, declined to admit it. But it is not upon any such ground that this journal rests its ob-jection to Ł ,the present blue-law cru- sade. . . It might be argued that the Commit- fop of Fifty's action is unchristian, in the light of the attitude toward the S-bbath of the Founder of Christianity, who offended the ethical ideas of his race and time in nothing so much as in his disregard of the, Sabbatarian traditions ; that it is unapostolic, in that it traverses the apostolic teaching : "One man esteemeth one day above another; another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully per-suaded in his own mind. He that re-gardeth the day regardeth it unto the Lord, and he that regardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it." But the Public Ledger, in this matter, is not appealing even to the injunction of St. Paul. None of these arguments is the one which constrains this paper to maintain its antagonism to the blue-law cam-paign. It rests solely on the proposi-tion that the persecution of obscure, insignificant, petty tradesmen and women, who eke out small livings by selling apples and tobacco on Sunday, is not the work to which our religious leaders are summoned in this hour of appalling wickedness. In the face of the shameless and gigantic crime that riots unchecked in this city, for fifty Christian gentlemen to associate them-selves for the purpose of devoting their holy zeal to this petty business is a wretched, miserable, silly farce. We have no heart again to catalogue the aspects of vice that pollute the very air of our beloved city. The unparal-leled prevalence of shameful, hideous evil is known to all. We lift our voices again for a union of the moral forces of Philadelphia to fight the things that are worth fighting Š that must be fought if this community is to be one in which decent men and women may live. And we withhold, 'in the mean-while, any sympathy with that feeble virtue which exhausts itself in setting spies upon keepers of fruit stands and tobacco shops, in the hope of catching them in disobedience of a statute which is not enforced against influential of-fenders, and which is utterly inconse-quential in comparison with the laws of God and man which are here daily defiantly violated. We make some comment elsewhere 