THE CHURCH-AND-STATE NEGOTIATIONS AT THE VATICAN 499 attempts to restore the friars to the parishes from which they are now sepa-rated. The matter of all church lands and buildings claimed by "the church," but now apparently owned by the state, the matter of rentals for convents and church buildings that have been occupied by United States troops, and the rights and obligations remaining under the va-rious specific trusts for education and charity, now in doubt and controversy, should be settled fairly, "by agreement, if possible, rather than by the slow and frequently disastrous processes of litiga-tion." And in the closing paragraph of the instructions is reiterated what has been said already a number of times : Your errand will not be in any sense or de-gree diplomatic in its nature, but will be purely a business matter of negotiation by you as Governor of the Philippines for the purchase of property from the owners thereof, and the settlement of land titles in such a manner as to contribute to the best interests of the peo-ple of the islands. This document on the whole seems to be pervaded with an honest desire and purpose to bring about a settlement of the religious problem in the Philippines in accordance with the principle of sepa-ration of church and state in as fair and equitable a manner as possible. We are pleased to read it. But for all that we do not see why it was necessary to send a commission to the Vatican with even such good instructions as these. And certainly they do not alter the fact that the negotiations carried on under them are diplomatic in character. Whatever may be said about the matter, and what-ever may be the light in which it is de-sired that this mission to Rome shall be regarded, the plain truth is that it has gone on a diplomatic errand, and the ne-gotiations thereby conducted between the United States Government and the Vati-can are as much diplomacy as any nego-tiations'that ever took place between two  powers. Everybody recognizes this, for it cannot very well be looked at other-wise; and one is almost led to believe that the Government itself, either consciously or 'unconsciously, recognizes this fact from the anxiety it has shown to have the matter regarded as "merely a busi-ness transaction." The common-sense view of the matter was expressed by the ' New York Evening Post in this editorial note in its issue of June I2: The cable reports great activity at the Vat-ican, and almost as much visiting and card ex-changing between Gov. Taft and the recog-nized envoys in that quarter as is now taking place at London in connection with another event. And yet we are solemnly told that Gov. Taft's mission is not diplomacy but busi-ness. This might lead to the inquiry, What is diplomacy if it is not business? What is di-plomacy for if not for the transaction of some kind of business? It is not merely for bow-ing and scraping and exchanging calls. If that had been the object of Mr. Taft's visit he would not have presented any letter outlining the business which took him to Rome. To ward off the imputation of holding diplomatic relations with the VaticanÑwhich the Ameri-can people certainly would not approve ofÑthe point has been made that Mr. Taft's let-ter to the Vatican was from the Secretary of War, not from the Secretary of State. That is of no importance, however. Both secre-taries act under the orders of the President. . . . The fact is that we have entered into diplomatic relations with the Vatican. The letter of Secretary Root makes that fact per-fectly clear, for if we intend to go on and ex-propriate the friars in the Philippines, whether the Pope agrees to it or not, then there is no reason why Gov. Taft should consult him at all. If the object of the consultation is to agree upon methods the most satisfactory, or the least distasteful, to the Pope, a consulta-tion to that end is diplomacy. [Italics sup-plied.] It seems to us that no one should have any difficulty in seeing that in its desire to be "fair," and possibly not to offend "the Church," the Government has taken a step that is not at all in har-mony with the principles so firmly stated in the document which now constitutes a 