SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  527 keeps open on Sunday and inform each proprietor as to the law regarding Sun-day opening and sales." The clerks de-sire to close the grocery stores and meat shops, and have discovered that accord-ing to law these places can keep open only during certain hours and for the sale of bread and milk only. They say that if the city authorities do not act promptly they will appeal to "higher au-thority." From Gallatin, Tenn., under date of June 24, came word that "G. T. Bur-rows, the contractor, who is engaged in erecting a large grain elevator, with nine of his assistants, was arrested here Sun-day." The contractor claims that he had permission from the authorities to carry on the work on Sunday, but "someone in the neighborhood made complaint to the officers." The dispatch states that "the laws of this city are very strict on the Sunday proposition, and are rigidly en-forced. Every business house in Gallatin has to close its doors at 12 o'clock Sat-urday night and not open again until Monday morning." At Little Falls, Minn., on May 19, Mr. F. Shopera, a clothing merchant, was ar-rested on a warrant sworn out by the president of the clerks' union, in which he was charged with having "sold seven handkerchiefs and two pairs of socks to one Duxbury" on the previous Sunday. The outcome of the case we have not learned. The arrest was made under the State law, the penalty section of which, according to the tittle Falls Transcript, which printed the law in full, reads : Breaking the Sabbath is a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of not less than one dol-lar and not more than ten dollars, or by im-prisonment in a count,,  mil not exceeding five days. 'Angelo Meglaro, a barber of Bridge- port, Conn., was arrested on June 9, on complaint of other barbers, for keeping open shop on the previous day. The Union of that city says that the law pro-hibits the keeping open of barber shops between the hours of 12 o'clock Satur-day and 12 o'clocks  Sunday night, and this further interesting bit of information is given : Years ago the barbers in almost every State in the Union kept their shops open until any time between to o'clock and noon, every Sun-day. About twenty years ago an agitation against the practise was started. It spread very rapidly, until in some States it is a mis-demeanor, punishable by fine and imprison-ment or both, to keep open on the Lord's day_ There is such a law in Connecticut, and it is in great favor with the barbers. State Senator Muir, of Indianapolis, Ind., favors the repeal of the present State law prohibiting the playing of baseball on Sundays, and thinks the mat-ter should be left to the authorities of the various municipalities. He intends to introduce a measure to this end at the next session of the legislature. Hun-dreds of people have asked him to do what he can to secure such a change in the law as will permit ball playing on Sundays, and "there is more local inter-est in the question than there is as to who will be the next President of the United States." He believes that "young men who are held between four factory walls for six days in the week have the right to amuse themselves by outdoor exercise on Sunday."  ¥ Having succeeded, with the assistance of the Anti-Saloon League, in closing sa-loons on Sunday, the ministers of Rich-mond, Va., working through the local organization of the Sunday Observance League, are making efforts to close up confectionery stores and to prevent the sale of soda-water, ice and meat on Sun-days. The closing of the confectionery 