SENATOR HOAR ON SUNDAY LEGISLATIONÑA REVIEW 89 ring to any Sunday statute. The absolute futility of appealing to the holiday char-acter of Sunday in defense of Sunda:. laws can be readily seen by glancing at other religious holidays that are ob-served in this country by as large a pro-portion of the people as is Sunday. On the 25th of last month occurred a nt ligious holiday that is almost universally -observed in this country. On the 28th -of the preceding month occurred another religious holiday that is also observed by the great majority of the people in this -country. Now if the State has the right "to establish holidays and to secure them against disturbance," in the manner in which Sunday is established and se--cured from disturbance, why is it that the observance of Thanksgiving Day and Christmas is not enforced upon the peo-ple by legislative enactment? If the State must compel the citizen "to respect -the holidays of a majority of the citizens" in the manner in which the citizen is coppelled to "respect" Sunday, why is it that labor and business on Thanksgiv-ing and Christmas days are not made -criminal offenses? Does not every rea-son that is given for legislative protec-tion of the Sunday "holiday" apply with equal force to these other religious holi-days? If it is necessary to have a law like the Massachusetts Sunday law, which makes it a crime for a man to en- gage in labor on his own premises, or wherever else his services are desired, or for a man to employ others who are per-fectly willing to work for him, in order for the clerks at Jordan & Marsh's (to recur to Senator Hoar's illustration) "who want the religious holiday to get it," why should not similar laws be enacted with regard to Christmas, Thanksgiving Day, St. Patrick's day, or any other holiday that people desire to observe? The State does undoubtedly have the right to protect people in their right to the observance of holidays. But it must stop with such protection ; it has no right to go further. It has no right to trample upon the rights of those who do not want to observe a holiday in order to protect those who do desire to observe it in that right. And there is no neces-sity whatever that it should do so. Every-body is protected in this country in the right to observe Christmas, Thanksgiv-ing Day, St. Patrick's day, etc.; but this protection does not require any such leg-islation with respect to these days as that which is enacted in behalf of Sunday. Who is so blind as to argue that his right to observe Christmas is interfered with because his neighbor who goes quietly about his usual vocation on that day is not subject to arrest and impris-onment ? This whole holiday argument with reference to Sunday enforcement proves entirely too much. The fact that the great majority of the people observe a holiday, instead of arguing that such ob-servance needs the protection of law, argues the very opposite. If this holi-day argument with reference to Sunday enforcement is sound, it means that the State has the right to compel the cessa-tion of all secular business on Thanks-giving Day, Christmas, Easter, St. Pat-rick's day, and any number of other holy holidays, on the ground that they are re-ligious holidays which the citizen must be made to "respect." We believe that this doctrine of enforced holidays is ut-terly at variance with true American principles and the dictates of justice and common sense. We do not believe the State has any right to compel the ob-servance of Christmas and St. Patrick's day. We believe that an act pronoun- 