THE TRUE BASIS OF CIVIL GOVERNMENT. 11 Rev. Sylvester F. Scovel takes substan-tially this position, and having estab-lished to his own satisfaction that the rights of men are an unsafe basis for civil laws, he declares that there must be "a moral basis" for government. Rights Constitute a Moral Basis for Government. Have we not, however, a moral basis for government in the revelation that the Creator has made of His will in the great book of Nature? Our fathers declared that all men "are endowed by their Cre-ator with certain unalienable rights." To them this was a self-evident truth. They did not, consciously at least, de-duce it from the sacred Scriptures, but from manŠfrom his nature, his powers, his environment. Theirs was a noble and an ennobling conception of the true basis of govern-ment. They held rights to be God-given, and sacred because God-given. This fact, the fact that God has given rights to all alike, so impressed the framers and the signers, of the Declara-tion of Independence that they felt that not only were they themselves as indi-viduals under obligation to respect these rights, but so great was their rev-erence for the Creator that they held that even the government which they were establishing was bound by the same law of natural, God-given rights ; hence they claimed for the federated Col-onies only' power to do such acts as sovereign states might "of right do." Here is the grandest recognition of divine sovereignty and of the true basis of human government the world has ever seen. And there can be no more ample governmental recognition of the sov-ereignty of God to-day, for to recognize the sacredness and inviolability of God-given rights is to recognize God in those  rights. And in no other way can gov-ernment recognize God and fulfil the purpose for which it exists. The Creator has revealed himself in nature in many ways not less clearly than in the Jewish and Christian Scrip-tures, known to us as the Old and New Testaments. The revelation in nature is known and read of all men ; it is a revelatkin that leaves all men without excuse. The Right of Conscience Respected. One of the most sacred of all natural rights is the right of every man to re-late himself to God in the manner which he conceives to be most conducive to his well-being. And this right the Ameri-can scheme of government respects, be-cause instead of adopting the Bible as the basis of civil government, appeal is made "to Nature and to Nature's God." Instead of adopting that interpretation of the divine law expressed in human speech, the true basis of civil authority is found in the divine law written in every fibre of the human frame and at-tested by the experiences of every heart. Even the bigot, who would deny to others the same rights which he claims for himself, knows deep down in his heart of hearts, that he, in common with every other man, has an endowment of natural rights which God will not take from him, and which no man or set of men may innocently infringe. Men may talk as they will about a moral basis for civil government, but whenever they get away from natural rights they get away from-  God and de-liver themselves and their fellow-men. bound hand and foot, into the power of despotism. It was God who made man. It was He who endowed him with "certain un-alienable rights." It was He also who. 