EDITORIAL 143 enough of irregularities upon our part without adding a greater degree of Sabbath desecration. And here is the way the matter is treated by the Lutheran Observer of Philadelphia : It is the old cry, and the same specious argu-ments are used. " Better to abolish laws than to keep them on the statute books and not en-force them." No removal of the law from the statute books of the State can remove it from the code which God has given; and while some communities may wink at the violation of the statute, others guard jealously the sacredness of the Sabbath. Repeal the law and no community could be safe from the in-roads of the Sabbath breakers and their blight-ing influences. Christian people must unite in their protests, and must begin to make themselves felt as an element to be considered when nominations are made and elections held. The indifference of Christians, and their aloof-ness as a class from political affairs are full of menace to the State. Ł The advocates and supporters of Sun-day legislation frequently disavow any purpose to enforce a religious observance, claiming that all they desire is that the law shall maintain a " civil sabbath." They say that they only want protection from disturbance in worshiping on Sun-day, and the securing to employees of one day's release from work each week. In harmony with this avowed object, and with the purpose of eliminating a statute that is a disgrace to the commonwealth, Mr. George B. Wheeler, of South Lan-caster, Mass., has prepared and submit-ted to the Massachusetts legislature the following measure, entitled " An Act to Provide for a Civil Sabbath " : Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives in General Court assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: Section i. That the term " Lord's day " in chapters ninety-eight and one hundred be changed to " the first day of the week." Section 2. Chapter ninety-eight, sections one and two, shall be so amended as to pro-hibit only such labor and amusements on the first day of the week as are an actual disturb-ance to public and private worship. Section 3. All manufacturing establish-ments, merchants, and shop-keepers shall give to their employees a release from labor either upon the first or one other day of the week. Section 4. All acts and parts of acts incon-sistent herewith are hereby repealed. Section E. This act shall take effect upon its passage. This would considerably reduce and simplify the ponderous " Lord's day " statute that Massachusetts now has, but if the object of those who support that " Lord's day " statute is what they say it is, then they should be amply satisfied with such a measure as the above. But of course if there were any likelihood of this measure being adopted the forces which support the " Lord's day " statute would do their utmost to defeat it, would be the bitterest and, in fact, the only opponents that it would have. This fact goes to show that they want a great deal more than they say they want sometimes. It is to be hoped that this measure, which was introduced in the lower house of legislature early in the present month and referred to the Committee on Probate and Chancery, will make sufficient prog-ress in the legislature to attract the at-tention of the champions of the " civil sabbath " in Massachusetts and cause them to give unmistakable demonstra-tion of the fact that it is a religious and not a " civil " sabbath that they want maintained by the lawŠthat protection from disturbance in worshiping on Sun-day and the securing to employees of a day of rest each week is very far short of being what they want. v The pretense of social beneficence can-not always hide, though it may often serve to disguise, the real character of the cause of the Sunday agitator. When brought to the test it is demonstrated that that which lies nearest his heart is not the promotion of the welfare of the " toiling masses," but solely the " protection " and " preservation " of a religious institution. 