176 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY least one point, and a very important one, on which he was neither an infidel nor an atheist. There can be no greater atheism than that which professes belief in Christianity while denying those great truths which lie at its very foun-dation. The great atheists of France in the eighteenth century were not her philosophers who denounced tyranny and defended the rights of the common people, but her princes and her prelates who made religion the handmaiden of corruption and despotism. The so-called Christianity which prevailed in France for more than a century preced-ing the Revolution had no other ten-dency than to drive honest men into atheism. The man who would not have repudiated such religion would have been devoid of the instincts of manhood. The recent convening of the Maryland legislature called forth an editorial from the Baltimore Methodist to the effect that "the Christian man should have the keenest interest in securing such laws as will advance the cause for which he works and prays." The Methodist does not agree with those who say "that a religious journal should make no men-tion of political matters," and says that the actions of the legislature "should be carefully scanned." The thing that the Methodist has in mind is shown in these sentences: We would remind our readers to keep their eyes wide open, that they may discover any indications of legislation that shall in the least take any of the safeguards from around our Christian Sabbath, or add to the power and influence of the whisky traffic. More than likely such efforts will be made. "To be forewarned is to be forearmed." Our Sabbath laws must not be tampered with, neither must there be any legislation that shall enhance the interests of the liquor traf-fic. These are danger points. They must be  safely and securely guarded. The legislature cannot barter away public morals. They have no constitutional right according to the decision of the Supreme Court, and that stands, to do this. There are some limita-tions still applicable to lawmaking bodies. Yes, there are still some limitations applicable to lawmaking bodies, and also applicable to the demands that can be made upon lawmaking bodies even by Christian men. Whatever may be said of the liquor traffic, the safeguarding of the "Christian Sabbath" is something that is entirely beyond the proper limita-tions of lawmaking bodies, and no Chris-tian or anybody else has the right to de-mand that any lawmaking body shall thus exceed its authority. Some Things Plain Men Cannot Understand In an editorial discussing the question of Sunday saloons the New York Observer makes these statements : We are at a loss to understand why beer and brandy and wine and rum should have a protection and special legislation which food and clothes and books and hardware do not have. . . . Why should not the booksellers be allowed to open their shops on Sunday? , Why should a great brewer be permitted to sell his wares in violation of law, or have a special law enacted for his benefit, and John Wanamaker be compelled to shut up his great store on that day? We are in favor of equal rights, and not in favor of utterly unreasonable discriminations in behalf of one class of merchants in this city. We pay large taxes for our property and protection in New York, and it is an outrage that other men can use their prop-erty all day Sunday to make money, and that ours must lie idle. Let the law shut up all or none. This is an argument that plain men can understand. Yes, this is an argument that, plain men can understand, but there are some other things that plain men cannot so readily understand. They cannot un- 