THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 501 ing of armies, and the building of naviesŠit means that the end of all things is near. And in view of it all, God's word to all who will hear is, " Be ye also ready, for in such an hour as ye think not, the Son of man cometh." B. A TALE OF TWO NATIONS. The American Commonwealth. THE fathers of the United States announced her birth with sentences of truth which will live iri eternity. The principles which they enunciated were heaven-born, not man-made. They said that the colonies assumed their separate and equal sta-tion among the powers of the earth " according to the laws of nature and of nature's God." They founded their Republic on eternal verities, not on human maxims and theories. " We hold," said they, " these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal: that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalien-able rights; that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers FROM THE CONSENT OF THE GOVERNED." The . great Alexander Hamilton truthfully said, " The Declaration of Independence is the fundamental constitution of every State." It is a declaration of great general principles, as well as a recital of cer-tain specific grievances. It was never written to meet the exigencies of one particular time or people. No nation prior to this one had ever declared it as a principle good for all mankind that all men are created equal, or that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. None of the great nations of Europe ever taught or ever be-lieved these principles. Such doctrines as are contained in the Declaration of Independence had, practically speaking, been lost to earth since that unfortunate day when the hosts of Israel petitioned the prophet Samuel to make them a king to rule over them, that they might be like all the nations round about. These truths were born again; they were resurrected with a fresh and God-given life at the time when the American Re-public came to its noble birth. They constituted her christening robe and her birthright, peculiarly her own, and the first infant cry of her national life. The Divinity of These Truths. I desire to impress upon every heart the divinity of these truths. I desire to make plain to all that the forefathers and some of the great men who have lived since, considered them divine in the basic thoughts and nerve principles which they present. Well has Charles Sumner said: " The words that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed are sacred words, full of life-giving energy. Not simply na-tional independence was here proclaimed, but also the primal rights of all mankind. Then and there appeared the angel of human liberation, speaking and acting at once with heaven-born STRENGTH, breaking bolts, unloosing bonds and opening prison doors; always ranging on its mighty errand, wher-ever there are any, no matter of what country or race, who struggle for rights denied; now cheering Garibaldi at Naples as it had cheered Washington at Valley Forge, and especially visiting all who are down-trodden, whispering that there is none so poor as to be without rights which every man is bound to respect, none so degraded as to be beneath its beneficent reach, none so lofty as to be above its restraining power, while before it depotism and oli-garchy fall on their faces like the image of Dagon, and the people everywhere begin to govern them-selves." And again he says: " The Declaration of Independence is the twofold promise, first, that all are equal in rights; and, sec-ondly, that just government stands only on the con-sent of the governed, being the two great political commandments on which hang all laws and consti-tutions. Keep these truly and you keep all. Write them in your statutes; write them in your hearts. This is the great and only final settlement of all ex-isting questions. To this sublime consecration of the Republic let us aspire." In liberty, therefore, was the nation conceived. To these two propositions was it sacredly dedicated and solemnly sealed in the blood of its noblest sons. As the Bible declares that all men are equal before the Lord, i. e., that God is no respecter of persons, so the Declaration affirms that all men are equal before the law, and that this equality is their own inalien- able and primal right. The Declaration does not mean that all men are equal in all respects. But it does mean and it does say that they are equal in their right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happi-ness. And in this it recognizes the nobility of man as the creation of God, and makes no exception or distinction in favor of any human caste or lineage. 