436 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the safeguards about the day," and open the way for "every business" to proceed on that day. It is not known that the open saloon on Monday is opposed by the W.C.T.U. because it is considered to be in violation of a commandment requir-ing the religious observance of the day. We raised no question as to the W.C.T.U.'s being opposed to the open saloon all the time ; we simply empha-sized the principal reason given by it for its opposition to the open saloon on Sun-day, and pointed out that this reason was not a proper one to urge in behalf of civil legislation. The article to which we have referred says that "the W.C.T.U. is a firm be-liever in the commandment, 'Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy.' It be-lieves in an entire cessation of all un-necessary work on that day." But it is added: If the consciences of some demand that they shall observe the seventh day of the week in-stead of the first day, the W. C. T. U. does not attempt to decide the question for anyone. If anyone wishes especially to close all saloons on the seventh day of the week, we will gladly help them to do so. If for any reason some other people want to close the saloons on some other day of the week, the W. C. T. U. will gladly, to the extent of its ability, help them. Never, however, relaxing by one iota its ef-forts to close all saloons on all days regardless of the peculiar beliefs or wishes of any. We are glad to note the kindly spirit here manifested toward seventh-day ob-servers, but we cannot refrain from pointing out that in this very thing the principle which we are opposing seems to be endorsed. The intimation is that the attitude of seventh-day observers in this matter is simply a question of days and of their own "peculiar beliefs," and that if the proposition were to close the saloons on the seventh day instead of to close them on the first day, that they would be in favor of it for the same rea- son that the W.C.T.U. and others are in favor of Sunday closing. This is a great mistake. If we understand the po-sition of seventh-day observers their op-position to Sunday enforcement arises from their loyalty to the principle of com-plete separation of church and state, and this principle applies with Ł equally as much force against the enforcement of Saturday observance as it does against the enforcement of Sunday observance_ The difference of days makes no differ-ence in the principle. Seventh-day ob-servers are also firm believers in the com-mandment, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," and they believe in an entire cessation of all unneccessary la-bor on that day, but they do not believe that they have any right to ask of govern-ment legislation enforcing the observance of this day, even upon saloons. And hence they do not want any assistance in securing such legislation, however gladly it may be offered. The statement that the W.C.T.U. is "opposed to the open saloon on Sunday because it believes that more harm can be done on that day than on any other day, as so many men are on that day relieved from their usual occupation, and have at least a part of their week's wages, which the barroom is liable to get," touches up-on the question from the right stand-point. Nobody has any right to demand that the saloons shall be closed by law out of regard for what they regard as holy time. The saloon must be regulated by the State only from the standpoint of the State. The influence of the saloon Ł upon those interests which concern the State and with which it can properly deal must determine its regulation by the State. Hence if the saloon is more dan-gerous to the legitimate interests of civil society on one day of the week than on others it may be proper to have special legislation against it on that day. And. 