EDITORIAL 641 Protestantism and Catholicism, and that Catholicism is just as good for all prac-tical purposes,, are doing a thousand times more injury to the best interests of the nation than a thousand Bishop McFauls could ever do with their "atrocious cal-umnies," which at least have the merit of showing the Papacy just as she is and of thereby counteracting in some degree the effect of the pitiable apologetic attitude of many so-called Protestants toward the Roman system.. Ł:Ł According to reportsŁ the Saratoga of to-day far surpasses the famous Monte Carlo as a gambling resort. It is said that 25,000 people are there engaged in gambling, which goes on at the race-track all day and at the clubs and hotels all night. Not only are wealthy men and wealthy women "who shine in the social life of the North, South, East and West," and many others who are not wealthy, "reeking in the wild delirium of gam-bling," as it is expressed, but even children are engaged. in the demoralizing busi-ness. A boy of thirteen and his sister of nine, with "form sheets" in their hands, are cited as typical instances at the race course, although the thing is almost in-credible. The girl exclaimed, "I'm bet-ting on Zoroaster," and the boy was heard to say: "I won $5o on Interven-tion in the fifth race. Now I have a straight tip that Irritable is a sure win-ner, so I'll put a twenty on him." A late report has it that some of the women, not content with attending and betting on the races run by the horses owned by the men, have bought horses for themselves and are to operate a racing stable of their own. This is said to be the first instance of anything of the kind in the United States. In view of what is done any-how the wish that it may be the last is scarcely worth while. The spirit that prevails at Saratoga is said to have been  exactly expressed in the following utter-ance credited to the millionaire, John W. Gates, at that place on August 16: They talk about suppressing or doing away with gambling. They might as well try to do away with the wind. Men have always gam-bled and always will, and if I had my way I'd license gambling as saloons are licensed. I'd do this because I think it's right. Marshall Field once told me that he always tried to be right 51 per cent. of the time. There's a lot in that, young man. The fellow who makes up his mind to be right all the time will be busted always in the long run by the man who insists on being right 51 per cent. of the time. Mr. Gates has here expressed not only the spirit of "gambling-mad" Saratoga, but the spirit of the money-mad times in which we live as exhibited by the manipulations of those who get rich quick in these days. The policy of being right 51 per cent. of the time is now extremely popular. And yet, in view of all this and many other things just as real and just as well known, there are many peo-ple who will not know what is meant when it is declared in THE SENTINEL that self-government is being dissipated to an alarming extent in the United States to-day. The negotiations with the Vatican were of course diplomatic, but it would be very bad form to call them such, is virtually the attitude of the Administration organs regarding the matter. A number of them which endorsed the thing as long as it seemed to be having smooth sailing, sud-denly discovered, when it became evident that the Government was not going to be able to carry things through so easily as had been supposed, that the sending of the commission was a mistake from the very beginning, which should never have been allowed to occur. The Mail and Express of this city was one of that sort, and there were many others like it. In confirmation of the first statement of 