596  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Messrs. Neel & Dowling, bakers, and Mr. Wertz, restaurant keeper, expressed "the determination to fight the closing of their places," and will be seconded by others. ¥ On July 9 the Sunday-closing-by-law campaign that had been vigorously pushed for some weeks in Trenton, N. J., by the retail clerks and journeymen butch-ers was brought to a sudden halt. The clergymen of the city had given their support to the movement by speaking on the subject from their pulpits and urging the members of their congregations to re-frain from purchasing at places keeping open on Sunday and to use their in-fluence with their friends and acquaint-ances in the same direction. Monsignor Doane, of St. Patrick's Catholic Church, had made a special appeal, and declared that he was "heartily in accord with all movements opposed to the desecration of the Sabbath." On some Sundays pick-ets to the number of 250, both men and women, had been placed throughout the city, and quite a number of arrests had been made and at least nine retail butch-ers and two merchants had been fined. Hoping to satisfy the demands of their clerks, the butchers had offered to let them off all day Sunday and to give them a half-holiday during the week, if they would not interfere with the selling of meat on Sundays by the proprietors them-selves. This proposition the journeymen refused to listen to. But on the date men-tioned above, in the case of three mer-chants who had been brought before him on the charge of Sunday selling and had pleaded guilty, Police Judge Lambert de-clared that he would entertain no more complaints against tnerchants and shop-keepers for Sunday selling, and would remit the fines and costs already imposed upon those who had been before him on that charge. He pointed the aston- ished Sunday-closing crusaders to section 12 of the "Vice and Immorality Act" of 1874, under which law the prosecutions had been made, which reads`: That nothing in this act contained shall be taken or construed so as to affect any licensed tavernkeeper in his or her ordinary and lawful business, at his or her usual place of residence, specified in hig or her license, or shall it be so taken and construed as to affect any merchant, shopkeeper, farmer, mechanic or other person in the usual and lawful transaction of his or their ordinary concerns and business in their usual places of doing such business. Judge Lambert declared that it was evident from this section that there was no law in New Jersey "to prevent the sale of merchandise by merchants and shopkeepers in their usual places of busi-ness on Sundays." This opinion has created some stir, and although lawyers and other judges have expressed the opinion that it certainly rests upon a mis-apprehension of the law, inasmuch as other sections of the act expressly forbid all traffic on Sunday, it is admitted that if the section cited was correctly printed in the last edition of the General Statutes, that the opinion has pretty good ground upon which to rest. Until the matter is straightened out the clerks and butchers will doubtless have to get along without the aid of the law in their efforts for Sunday closing. The journeymen bar-bers' union of Trenton has also been working for several weeks to bring about strict Sunday closing of barber shops. No arrests as yet are reported, though the journeymen have been collecting evi-dence which it is said they will present to the grand jury. And "if the enforce-ment of the old blue laws proves impos-sible, a well-known lawyer will be re-tained to draw up a bill to be presented to the legislature next winter." Few of the employing barbers sympathize with the movement, and most of them will strongly oppose it. 