458 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of a law making it a misdemeanor to sell meat on Sundays, the butchers of New York still find it necessary to work very much as of old to secure Sunday closing. At a recent meeting of the Benchmen's Association of Retail Butchers Sunday closing was a prominent topic, and it was decided to circulate a petition among the "boss" butchers and "obtain their signa-tures in favor of Sunday closing." It is said that "if by June i most of the butchers do not sign, the association will start to fight the matter in court. Bosses will be arrested under the vice and im- morality act of 1888, providing a fine of $2 for every piece of meat sold on Sun-day." The butchers are finding out that legislation is not as effective in this mat-ter as they had supposed. The Washington (Pa.) Observer, of May 5, described at some length the launching on the previous day of a "cru-sade against vice," in which "the law is to be invoked," and in which Sunday en-forcement is to be a prominent feature. The "launchers" were "Dr. Wilbur F. Crafts and Rev. 0. R. Miller, superinten-dent and field secretary, respectively, of the International Reform Bureau." These gentlemen "made addresses at a number of churches and at the Y.M.C.A., and advocated extreme measures against alleged violations of the Sunday laws," which they had discovered by a personal "tour of the news stands and restaurants of the town Sunday morning." In a series of resolutions passed by the Y.M.C.A. the burgess was called upon "to suppress at least the crying of Sun-day papers which is not only illegal but useless, . . . and disturbs churches and Łhomes and mars the quiet of the day." From Matteawan, N. Y., comes word  that "the Rev. Plato J. Jones, a Presby-terian minister, has raised an animated discussion as to whether Sunday work for the town is proper or otherwise." A bridge which spanned the Fishkill Creek and connected the two sections of the vil-lage was swept away by a flood recently, and the public has been greatly incon-venienced thereby. The contractors who have the work of reconstruction in charge had been offered a bonus to com-plete the bridge before Memorial Day, and on May i i a large force of men worked on the bridge. The result was that "the clergymen filed a protest and consulted a lawyer for a mandamus," and it was expected that an injunction against Sunday work on the bridge would be secured by them. An experience that he had hardly bar-gained for came to Win. C. Wellman, president of a New York local branch of the Amalgamated Meat Cutters' and Butcher Workmen's Association, as a re-sult of his activity in behalf of Sunday enforcement on April 27. He had a butcher arested on the charge of selling meat on Sunday, and in giving his evi-dence in the police court declared that he had purchased from the prisoner 15 cents' worth of chops. The magistrate turned to the Penal Code and read to him the section' which says that any person who aids, abets or induces another to commit a crime is as guilty as the prin-cipal, and then told him that he (the magistrate) would have to hold him on his own testimony as accessory to the crime which he was seeking to establish. He was released on bail, and tried several days later, with what result we did not learn. The South Side Grocers' Association of Minneapolis has commenced "a strong campaign for the Sunday closing of all 