fogglloall OF CeilEDSTOAH LOEWY Set for tale defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX; L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance,and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil ,gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty. and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OP SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, Ps% yrornths $1.00 .5o Ł " three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  x.5o CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  yo Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Coy. respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York Cily " Am Delighted With It" says SENATE POSTMASTER of a western State Speaking of  theŠ Webster Dictionary and Complete Vest-Pocket Library Five Books In One 1 A Dictionary 2 A Gazetteer 3 A Parliamentary Manual 4 An Expert Calculator 5 Literary Guide 45,800 WORDS PRICES: Morocco: Bound, with stamp  holder, 60c Leather - . - 50e Cloth 'k" - - - - - 25e PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 11 West 20th St., N. 1'. City. Easy Washing We have a preparation that will re-move dirt and stains from clothes with very little work. Practically no rub-bing, and POSITIVELY without in-jury to the finest fabric. It is far ahead of washing powders or any other preparation. We will send you postpaid Sufficient for THREE WASHINGS FOR 10c Stamps or silver. WE WANT AGENTS in every town. Full time or spare moments. Send at once for our liberal terms. We have sold most of the 2% gross of Tablets and am afraid we shall be out of them before we can get another lot at the rate they have gone the past few days. quite a number who have had one bar before have liked it so well that they have taken a dollar's worth this week. Enclosed find Postal Order for another 2% gross. We have sixty or more regular customers here and I have not had time to do much with the Tablets either. Mrs. C. W. P., Lewiston, Maine. Address ALFRED MALLETT, 11STYACK, - - - - N= Ł Ł I 