PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 11 WEST 20th STREET, NEW YORK CITY. tee ,Cp1,44452W4::k4z: 441 zita:sta.4".\444.41-4=;>..,-444/4' A  '1:at4\t/**:4/444144/4tr, t V re  ZS  r.Z/1/4,  ;<  V V  :  .<1t 4T li.   i ar IV ,1  'rat ..., 'p> 46 A4 A Study of Principles  ....,E ,... 10-- e '. In Alonzo T. Jones' book entitled ." .1..1   ate "THE TWO REPUBLICS" a( = is a comparative study of the underlying principles of the two greatest RepublicsŠRome Rt-' Ł 4 Ł ,..,41 and the United States. i.'  i., ,,,i1 "The principle of Rome in all its phases is that religion and government are insepa- 14." rable. The principle of the government of the United States is that religion is essentially re, et distinct and wholly separate from civil government, and entirely exempt from its cog- 41 4'1 nizance. teŁiŁ Ł';S, "As it was Christianity that first and always antagonized this governmental principle kt 4: of Rome, and established the governmental principle of the United States of America, 0,, 3'44 the fundamental idea, the one thread-thought of the whole book, is to develop the princi- 4, ,,e, pies of Christianity with reference to civil government, and to portray the mischievous W' 44 results of the least departure from those principles." ,441 -41:,:i Rome occupies one extreme and the United States the other. Which is right? The 0,1',-  'Of question interests every reader of THE SENTINEL, for in its solution and the correct appli- 411 :411 cation of the principles lies the salvation of individual as well as nation. EAR 4*; iV 31441 bound in cloth. Price, postpaid, $1.75. :44 Pc- ti "Two Republics" contains 895 octa'bo pages and is substantially 0 r  ''-14  * Complete catalog of publications mailed on request. Address 'IC :Sid V 0,  ...Nao mi wig LEGAL SUNDAY Sunday laws and their enforcement has become one of the leading questions of the day. The subject is one of absorbing interest and much has been written upon it. Much, too, has been said by the clergy, by the lawyers, by the legislatures and by the courts. Until recently, however, there seems to have been no very careful inquiry into the merits of the case of the legal SundayŠno open challenge of its right to exist. In THE LEGAL SUNDAY: Its History,  and Character, James T. Ringgold a member of the Baltimore bar at his decease, challenges Sunday's legal right to an exist-ence. This book is a clear, logical, forceful presentation of a subject which is of vital interest to every American citizen. "Legal Sunday" contains 252 pages, is bound in paper covers, and costs the small sum of 25 cents. CHRISTIAN PATRIOTISM A straightforward discussion of the relation of the Christian patriot to earthly gov-ernments. and of the principles which should govern him. An important subject, too, in these days when so many seem befogged and uncertain as to their duties and responsibili-ties in this respect. CLOTH, 40 Cents. THE GREAT VVATIONS OF TO-DAY In this the author plainly shows that the great nations of to-day are clearly men-tioned in the Bible, and their destiny foretold. A most interesting historical and pro-phetical study, proving incidentally the inspiration of the Bible. PAPER COVERS, 25 Cents. THE MARSHALING OF THE CATIONS This little booklet shows conclusively that the five great Powers actually, hold in their hands the pcitver and a greater part of the territory of the world. But there is a sig-nificance to all this that but few understand. Read this pamphlet and the meaning will be plain. Has a double-page. four-color map of the world, showing how it is now par-titioned among the various powers. PAPER COVERS, 10 Cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. 11 West 20th Street, New York City. 