a68 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY 'hearing during the present session of Congress.. But it seems that this is not the only Sunday measure that has .appeared in Congress at this session. In the Senate on January 18 Senator Penrose, of Pennsylvania, introduced '" a bill to prevent Sunday banking in post-offices in the handling of money -orders and registered letters." It pro-hibits the issuing or paying of money orders or the registering of letters by post-masters on Sunday. The measure -was referred to the Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads, of which Senator Penrose is chairman. In the considera-tion of this bill the committee should consult the report on "Sunday Mails," made by the Senate Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads, and adopted by the Senate on Jan. 19, 1829. In that report was clearly and eloquently Łenunciated the principles which should determine the action of Congress with regard to legislation of the character of the bill in question. And it seems that action of Congress in the matter -of "Sabbath observance" is being sought in another direction. In the Senate on January 13 Mr. Platt, of Connecticut, "presented a petition of thirty citizens of Afton, I. T., praying for the enactment of legislation allow-ing railroad employees a day of rest and Sabbath observance ;" and on Jan-uary 22 Senator Beveridge, of Indiana, "presented a petition of sundry citi-zens of Westville and Stillwell, I. T., praying that the laws governing rail-road work in that Territory be so amended that railroad employees be al-lowed a day of rest and Sabbath ob--servance." These petitions either im-ply that the law does not now guar-antee and secure to the railroad employees civil and religious freedom so far as Sabbath observance is con-cerned, and are prayers for the remedy-ing of that deplorable state of affairs,  or else they are requests to have Con-gress legislate in the interests of "Sab-bath observance." They are of course the latter, and therefore ask for some-thing which Congress should not grant. Strieter Sunday The Sunday bill in-Law for New troduced in the New York York legislature on January 14 by Assemblyman Monroe was thus described the next day in the Brooklyn Eagle's "Legislative Calen-dar and Digest " : Assembly Bill ŠIntroductory No. 26. "An act to amend the penal code relative to the sale of prepared meats, salads, and cheese on Sundays." . Amends Section 267 so that it will read : "All manner of selling or offering for sale or delivery of any property on Sunday is prohibited." The present enactment reads, "public selling." The exception in the present law that articles of food may be sold before 10 a. m. is removed. A proviSion forbid-ding the sale of prepared tobacco, milk, ice, and soda-water in places where groceries and vegetables are sold is Introduced. Prepared meats and fish, salads, and cheese may be sold between 5 and 8 p. m., and between June 15 and September 15 butter, milk, and ice may be delivered up to 10 a. m., but the places where they are sold shall not be open to customers. This bill is of great interest to grocers as well as to inhab-itants of cities, many of whom have found the Sunday laws sufficiently se-vere as they stand. In making a note of the introduction of this bill two weeks ago we had the im-pression that it was-  a modification of the present law, but this is not the case. It increases the scope and strictness of the law against Sunday selling. It is so framed as to completely close gro-cery stores on Sunday, and in effect to largely restrict the sale of articles which have long been allowed to be freely sold on Sunday. It has been reported that the Federation of 