CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR AND REFORM 441  all the political schemes of SatanŠa work as much greater than all political work as eternity is greater than time. He who possesses this heavenly citizen-ship is of more value to a country, though he never vote or belong to a political party, than the most active politician. He is " the salt of the earth." He carries  on his heart the salvation of all. He labors to lift all from selfishness and carnality to the high plane of rectitude and spiritu-ality. The effect of his life and example are ever uplifting. Grand, glorious, and eternal is the kingdom of our God ; and of it, all mayŠthrough Jesus ChristŠbe citizens. MILTON C. WILCOX. Christian Endeavor and Reform Spiritual, Not PoliticalŠIndividual, Not National THE name Christian does not properly attach to anything that is not Christ-like. No method of work, no endeavor can properly be called Christian endeavor that does not harmonize with the methods employed by Christ when He labored on earth for the salvation of men. We say method that does not harmonize with His method, not that it must be identical in form in every particular. But the prin-ciple must be strictly adhered to. In the days of Jesus of Nazareth, as in our own time, sin was dominant, and, consequently, all manner of evil prevailed. Imbued with the wisdom of Heaven, bap-tized and led by the Spirit of God, and Himself without fault, He set about ame-liorating the condition of the world. If such an one did not know the best method of accomplishing such a work, who can know ? He knew that the fountain of all evil is sin ; therefore His prime idea of purifying the earth was to overcome sin, and to teach men how to overcome sin. To this end He first gave Himself to a life of self-sacrifice in behalf of the lost and suffering race. And in this He called upon His disciples, the learners in His school, to follow Him, to follow the principles of His mode of Christian en-deavor. Ł The practical nature of His working principle is set forth in His message to John : " The blind receive their sight, and the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed,  and the deaf hear, the dead are raised up, and the poor have the Gospel preached unto them." Doing good to the needyŠrelieving their sufferings, supplying their necessities, and giving them the Gospel of salvation, was His method of endeavor. This, done meekly, humbly, and in the name and by the power of the Master, is Christian endeavor to-day. The apostles and their contemporaries worked on the same principleŠtheir mes-sage, the Word of God; their dependence, the power of the Spirit ; their ultimate purpose, the glory of God through the salvation of souls. There were bad laws in their day, but never did they make any effort to have a law repealed or amended. Never did they seek to have any law en-acted. There were many unjust officials in those days, but never did they send up a charge against any one, or endeavor to have any one removed, no matter what his religion or his character. Never did they endeavor to have a Christian ap-pointed to office. All such " Christian " endeavor came into the church centuries after, when apostasy caused the professed Christians to unite forces with the state. There were many lewd places and Satanic schemes fox corrupting the morals of the' people, but never once did Christ or His apostles invoke the civil law against them. The world often took knowledge of the Christians of those days " that they had been with Jesus," but it was not because 