812 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY in northern Italy, and I was not a little surprised to read on large posters on the walls of the central square the following : `If our schools should fall into the hands of the clericals the sentiment of liberty of thought would be suffocated forever in our children.' The priests are the ene-mies of all progress.' The priests repre- sent the negation of Christ.' These dec-larations represent the sentiment of the Italian people." Do the Italians desire the restoration of the temporal power? "Never ! That for Italy is a question dead and buried. The majority of those who militate politically under the banner of clericalism never give it a serious thought. Some of them have large finan-cial interests in Rome, and they know that the moment the Pope should be placed on his throne their fortunes would diminish more than one half. It is sim-ply a game they are playing in the Vati-can to deceive the rest of the world. Thank God, the temporal power of the Papacy has gone forever. Italy does not want its return, and there is not a nation in the world to-day that would dare to unsheath its sword in behalf of the Pope." What about the Taft commission to the Vatican? "We believe that it was a mistake from the beginning. America has always stood for absolute separation between church and state. Everybody in Rome  knew that the Vatican would turn the whole affair into a diplomatic triumph. The Italians say that Uncle Sam got his fingers burned, and that perhaps it will teach him a lesson not to meddle again with Vatican fires." What is your impression of the anti-Roman Catholic movement in other parts of Europe? "Roman Catholic Europe is simply awaiting some propitious event, a spark it may be, which shall free her entirely from the Papacy, from which she is al-ready divided in thought, affection and ideals. Roman Catholic Europe is bound to the Papacy to-day only by certain po-litical, financial, and social interests which all are ashamed to confess. Let a breath of holy life pass over these,  lands and the people will all assert their right to be free. ` Belgium is about ready to break her chains. France, according to their own confession, is no longer Roman Catholic. In a city of 55,000 souls only 1,50o attend the Easter communion, and this is said to be a good average. Austria, the most devoted of all the Ro-man curia, is passing through a great cri-sis. During the past three years about 40,000 have followed the cry, 'Los von Rom,' and broken away from Romanism. Everywhere doors are opening before us, light is dispelling the accumulated dark-ness of centuries, and a new era is about to dawn for all these nations." The Roman Catholic correspondent of the New York Sun, in Rome, thus set forth last spring the "perceptible prog-ress" of the Papacy under the adminis-tration of Leo XIII.: "Coming at the meeting-point of two periods, at the parting of the roads of a civilization whose lights and shadows  date from the Council of Trent to the Council of the Vatican, and also at the dawn of a period whose interests he wishes to turn toward a higher life, Leo XIII. is the Universal Pope. He is the `director' in all domains; there lie his distinctive character, his originality, and his greatness. As a diplomat he has 