THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 517 Prof. Herron is doubtless sincere, but he is fol-lowing the leading of a great and dangerous error. Nor is he following it alone. Ł s. ,4 DIVINE HEALING" AND THE RIGHTS OF CONSCIENCE. INDICTMENTS have been returned in Mansfield, Ohio, against five of the ringleaders in the recent anti-Dowie riots in that city. It will be greatly to the credit, not only of Mansfield, but of Ohio as well, if these cases are vigorously prosecuted. The Ohio Bill of Rights, after providing that " no pref-erence shall be given by law to any religious society," adds, " nor shall any interference with the rights of conscience be permitted." It is true that the followers of Doctor Dowie, the members of the " Christian Catholic Church," for this is their denominational name, not only believe in " divine healing," but they believe in no other heal-ing; and herein lies, if not the sum, at least a large part of ther .offending. But is not this their ab-solute right? Who has any right to say to an individual that he must employ a physician if he does not want to? Who has any right to dose any manŁwith drugs against his will? It may be granted that under cer-tain circumstances the community at large, the State or the municipality, may interfere; but even in such cases the interference must be for the sake of the community, not to confer a benefit on an individual who is unwilling to receive it. In very many cases any forced treatment would be worse than none at all. If an individual believes in prayer and does not believe in drugs, even though the drugs might otherwise be beneficial, it is more than doubtful if they would be of any service if poured down a protesting throat. There have arisen from time to time eminent physicians who have openly declared that drugs do more harm than good. Doubtless thousands die an-nually who might live were it not for the " medi-cines " which they take. Again, some are undoubt-edly benefitted by intelligent medical treatment. We believe that on the whole physicians do much good in every community, but it is due more largely to the advice they give and the confidence they in- spire than to the drugs they administer. - Moreover a good many people make it a matter of conscience to employ no physicians, but to trust  wholly to the Lord. To the mind of the writer the use of means is not inconsistent with trusting the Lord. In the thirty-eighth of Isaiah is recorded the case of Hezekiah's sickness and recovery. He was healed by the Lord in answer to prayer, yet " Isaiah had said, Let them take a lump [cake] of figs, and lay it for a plaister upon the boil, and he shall recover." Isa. 38: 21. But the idea of forcing any sort of treatment upon anybody is repugnant to the spirit of freedom, not only in religion, but in civil things as well. Bet-ter that, an occasional victim of a misguided faith die than that a whole people lose their inalienable right to trust in the Lord or in physicians, as they themselves elect. There is something that some people prize more highly even than life itself, and that is the right to preserve " a conscience void of offence toward God." To this class we believe be-long many of the disciples of the doctrine of " di-vine healing." They should be left free to work out the problem of continued physical existence for themselves in their own way. B. WHY WE OPPOSE SUNDAY LEGISLATION. E oppose Sunday legislation because we oppose Sabbath legislation. We opp6se the enforcement of any weekly Clay of rest. We oppose Sabbath legislation because the Sab-bath is a religious institution, in the observance of which legal mandates can accomplish nothing, but only ".faith which Ikorketh by love," as declared in the Scriptures. We oppose Sabbath legislation not because we do not want people to rest one day in seven, but because Sabbath rest ought not to be and can not be secured by civil enactments. We oppose Sabbath legislation  ,  not because -we have any sympathy with the course of greedy cor-porations or employers in " robbing " the working-men of the day of rest, but because we oppose laws which rob people of their right to work upon any day they may choose, and of their liberty to choose for themselves whether they will keep the Sabbath or not. We oppose Sabbath legislation not because we do not want people to be free to obey the dictates of conscience in regard to Sabbath rest, but because we want them to obey the dictates of conscience rather 