EDITORIAL. 29 that civil government cannot touch without becoming a party to a religious controversy. They who proclaim the gospel of individual self-government, which in-cludes the right of individual self-government, are furthering the cause of true patriotism, and are the best sup-ports that just government can have. The theory that the individual exists to serve the state ignores the great truth that the individual was created for eternity, while civil government is only an institution for this world. The true theory of government does not sub-ordinate eternity to a period of time. Those who are anxious to have government placed upon a "moral" basis have much to say about the necessity for "limitations upon liberty." We wonder if these people have ever stopped to reflect that that which calls for limita-tions is not liberty. There is no neces-sity for the limitation of liberty. There may be a necessity, however, for the lim-itation of something that is called liberty, but which in reality is the very opposite. The kind of religious instruction that now obtains in some Sunday-schools and many religious institutions of learning, is that many of the great truths and most plainly stated facts of the Bible are mere myths and fables from which we are to draw certain "morals," but to which we are to give no credence whatever. Not long ago, in its notes on the Sunday-school lesson, the Baptist Standard, of Chicago, said that there was no such flood as that de-scribed in Genesis, but that the fate of those who mocked at Noah, and the whole "story," should teach us that  while God was long-suffering that he would at last visit judgment upon the wicked. This is equivalent to saying that a certain lesson must be learned from a thing that didn't happen because it did happen. But the point we have in mind is this : That when religious in-struction is introduced into the public schools it will be of this very same char-acter, for can we expect of the state better Bible instruction than comes from the churches themselves? This is another reason why any one who values the truths of the Bible cannot favor Bible instruction by the state. Ł It is gratifying to note that the wide- spread distrust of liberty and popular government and the outcry for - an abridgement of some of the most im-portant privileges and liberties which free government has secured, which have followed. the tragic death of the nation's chief executive at the hands of an anarchist, have called forth from a number of sources words of strong and wise protest. Such is the editorial from The Independent printed elsewhere. The disposition which has been mani-fested to shoulder the responsibility for most of the evils of society upon an-archism and the few individuals who have given themselves over to its desper-ate sophistries, and to ignore the fact that there are other forms of lawless-ness being practiced that are just as dangerous, and even more so, to the well-being of society than open and avowed anarchism, receives a timely and merited rebuke in this editorial. This article is of especial interest be-cause it strikes a different note from that usually sounded by this journal. The Independent is not given to find-ing anything amiss in the trend of the times with reference to liberty and free- 