196 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY hibited class shooting, hunting, fishing, playing, horse-racing, gaming, or other public sports, exercises or shows on Sunday, and all " noise disturbing the peace of the, day." The act is to take effect September I, 1903. But it won't take effect on the 1st of September next, nor on any other day, if the conscience of the people is aroused against the measure, as it should be. The pulpit and press should op-pose this measure. Not only so, but petition and protest should go to Albany against this measure, and the churches should move in the matter. We would hardly have expected this from the Christian Work, though of course it is just what might have been expected from any of that class of re-ligious journals which assume as a matter of course that it is the business of the civil authorities to " uphold the Sabbath," to compel its observance, and to prevent its " desecration." We did not suppose that the Christian Work belonged exactly in this class. If there was no demand for the passage of such a measure it is not likely that it would be pending before the legislature. It is very strange that there should be such an urgent call for petition and protest against and opposition to a measure " for which there is no demand " ! And why should " the churches," especially, " move in the mat-ter " ? Ah ! upon that hangs the whole story. Only " the churches " can have any objection to this harmless measure against which the Christian Work would have " the conscience of the people " aroused. ki 11' O " An Act to exempt the real estate of religious corporations in the City of New York, as now constituted, from assess-ments for public improvements," is the title of a bill that has been introduced in the assembly of the New York legis-lature and referred to the Committee on Affairs of Cities. The measure "shall take effect immediately " on its passage-, and it provides that " the real estate owned  by any religious corporation actually dedi-cated and used by such corporation ex-. clusively as a place of public worship " in New York City " shall be exempt from all assessments which are now levied and assessed against such real estate, or which may hereafter be levied and assessed against such real estate." This meas-ure is eminently worthy of the treatment which the Christian Work accords and would have accorded to the bill which permits the playing of golf and amateur baseball and football on Sunday. But it will not get such treatment from the religious press. The very thing which moves them to oppose any modification of the law whereby Sunday observance is compelled will cause them to support this measure strenuously, at least to acquiesce quietly in its enactment. We do not know the origin and history of this measure. We supposed that all religious corpora-tions in New York were now enjoying to a greater extent than is here specified . special favor and support from the State. The property of religious corporations should be taxed like any other property. There is no more reason why the State should donate to religious corporations the taxes which in justice to all the taxpayers should be assessed against their property, than that it should donate to them the property itself. There is no more reason why the State should remit the taxes on church buildings than that it should erect the buildings at public expense. Public worship is a good thing, but it is not the business of the State to support it. So far as the State is concerned, public wor-ship is a private affair. If the people who wish Łto have public worship do not care enough for it to maintain it themselves, Ł they should go without it. There should be no taxation by the State of the general public for the support of religion and worship ; but that is exactly what the exemption of church property from taxa-tion amounts to. 