2einatflall COVE,BSTMR! LilLEBERrit A weekly publication devoted to the maintenance and defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore opposed to any violation or compromise of the principle of separa- tion of church and state. Non-sectarian and non-partisan to the application of principles. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Published by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. To whom all communications of a business nature should be addressed. We believe in the religion taught and lived by ' Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard theliquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right or any human authority to invade and violate' these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, oz every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people maŁv freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by , virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per year  $5.00 six months  .50 three months  .25 ' To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.5o CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .70  Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. nay know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. " An amendment to the revised or-dinances giving, the privilege of preach-ing in the streets to lay workers who may be properly vouched for by re-sponsible religious organizations" was. signed by Mayor Low in New York on December 28. This action was taken "at the practically unanimous request of the city churches, missionary so-cieties, and the men and women who preach in the streets," arid "a rather extended hearing on the subject was held in the mayor's office before the ordinance was signed." It seems that hitherto street preaching has been limited to regularly ordained clergy-men. At a meeting of "about thirty repre-sentatives of the churches and temper- ance organizations of New York" at the headquarters of the National.  Tem-perance Society on December 28 steps` were taken to inaugurate "a cam-paign" in opposition "to the effort now being made to open the saloons on Sunday," and a committee was ap-pointed "to take charge of the move-ment." "The Rev. Dr. David Stew-art Dodge, who presided, said at this time, when the foes of temperance are especially active, it was necessary for all the churches to co-operate to pre-vent the opening of saloons on Sun-day." And are the churches in favor of temperance on only one day of the week ? According to Rev. L. W. Nine of the Castle Memorial United Brethren Church, Des Moines, Iowa, "Sabbath desecration in Des Moines is alarming, and Mayor James Brenton is respon-sible for the greatest share of it." He is responsible only for his share of it. Is it only one man's Sabbath desecra-tion that makes this matter alarming in Des Moines? Of course what is meant is that the mayor does not use his au-thority to prevent "Sabbath desecra-tion" by other people. " It is appalling how many men are working on the pub-lic streets of Des Moines when they should be in church," declared Mr. Nine. It is very likely that if the men who are working on the streets on Sun-day preferred to be in church they would be there. 