IMPORTANT TESTIMONY ON AN IMPORTANT MATTER 491 From "Gunton' s Magazine" (New York) for June The conditions now brought to light in the Philippines do not call for or justify mere abuse of the American soldier. The thing to be deplored, rather, is the task into which we have forced himÑa war-fare of conquest under conditions which have developed these barbarous practises as naturally as a swamp breeds pesti-lence. . . The moral of the situation is that a people who cannot be ruled by an outside power without the use of such means as are being applied in the Philippines ought not to be ruled by an outside power at all ; least of all by the one nation which for a century and a quarter has stood before the world as the great exponent of demo-cratic principles and the right of Self-gov-ernment. : . . And this leads up to the most impor-tant phase of the whole Philippine under-takingÑits effect upon our own national ideals and influence. The gulf between the principles upon which the Republic was founded and those involved in the brutal assumption that io,000,000 people may properly be bought and sold for money like so much live stock attached to  the soil of the islands included in the sale, and then forced into subjection at whatever sacrifice of life, treasure, and common humanity, is not merely as wide, it is altogether wider and deeper, than the gulf which separated the Declaration of Independence from the policy of George III. and his cabinet in 1776. The Ameri-can colonies were composed of English-men and had been organized under Brit-ish laws and administered by British governors, so that the Revolution was a distinct breaking away from previous voluntary allegiance. But the Filipinos never had a particle of connection with or owed the slightest allegiance to the United States government. Not even the "allegiance" rendered under compulsion to Spain was ever transferred by them to us, and no effort was ever made to secure it in any other way than by proclamation and force. . . . The truth is, in this Philippine enter-prise our Government has for the first time broken utterly with our own glori-ous past, with the best in our national tradition and principle, and seems likely to depart further yet. President J. G. Schurman, of Cornell University, in an address on "The Ideals and Duties of the Republic," in Boston, May 31 Shall we then exchange our national ideal of liberty and peace for subjugation and war? We must choose one or the other. England, as Mr. Bryce has said, governs India by means of gunpowder. Is this to be our exemplar in the Philip-pines ? . . . I assert, and I challenge any one to contradict the statement, that dependencies won by the sword can be held only by the sword. And I conclude that if we are to retain our historic pol-icy of peace we shall have to grant the Filipinos the independence to which they  aspire and for which they have fought and will fight. We are at the parting of the ways. Shall it be peace orÑthe sword ? But there is at least one other national ideal I intend to consider, because in a manner it embraces all others and is, by universal agreement, the soul and ani-mating principle of our Republic. I mean the sacred and inalienable principle of liberty ; the self-evident axiom that all just governments derive their authority from the consent of the governed; the 