SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This- department is designed to record what is beimg done throughout the United Skttes and elsewhere in the waynt N1111daY enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must he .s hare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. On the charge of "selling groceries on Sunday," George Denbo, a grocer of Camden, N. J., was arrested on De-cember 2 on a warrant sworn out by a representative of the retail grocery clerks's association. At Durango, Col., on November 28, "Rev. Mr. Bir, of the M. E. Church, accompanied by two ladies of the W. C. T. U., visited various saloons and sample rooms and notified them to re-main closed on Sundays." This was reported from Corpus Christi, Tex., on November 22: "The Sunday law was rigidly enforced to-day. All stores, saloons, fruit stands, etc., were compelled to close. The offi-cers are going to enforce.the law." In response to agitation by clergy-men, Mayor Hinchcliffe, of Patterson, N. J., has ordered the police to stop Sunday evening performances at the Bijou Theatre, and to prosecute the pro-prietor because of such performances. At Des Moines, Iowa, on December 2, W. T. Wood, a grocer, was tried be-fore a jury on the charge of "violating the Sunday law by selling goods," and was acquitted. Mr. Wood says he is "being persecuted by the retail gro-cers' association." According to an agreement which it is said has been entered into by.all the grocers of . Kansas City, Kan., any grocer who is "forced to sell goods on Sunday must charge double price for :them." The grocers have notified their customers that there is to be no more Sunday selling. "Charged with violating the Sunday law," M. E. Theobold, a St. Paul, Minn.,  grocer, was arraigned in the police court of that city on December 1. His case "was continued to December 12, pending the decision on the validity of the Sunday-closing law by the State supreme court." Seventeen grocerymen were ar-raigned in the municipal court at St. Paul, Minn., on November 7, " on charges of keeping their stores open on Sunday." "All the cases were con-tinued, pending the outcome of the appeal to the supreme court made by P. G. Hoffman, groceryinan." ¥ + On December 1 the Commissioners of the District of Columbia "refused a request to allow the Monumental Band to accompany a funeral procession to be held on Sunday." "Major Sylvester recommended that the permit be not granted because of the regulations pro-hibiting disturbances of the public' peace and quiet on Sunday." A meeting of "about thirty-five mem-bers of the joint church committee on the enforcement .of Sunday-closing laws" was held at the Y. M. C. A. rooms in Tacoma, Wash., on December 2. An "organization was effected," and a committee "was appointed and instructed to report at the next meet-ing on the various Sunday laws and the matter of their observance." At a meeting of the Philadelphia "Union of Andrew and Philip" at the Lombard Street Presbyterian Church on the evening of November 29 "a re-, solution was adopted urging the mayor to enforce a proper observance of the.  Sunday laws." The meeting had been addressed by H. 0. Gibbons, T. T. Mutchler, and G. S. Vail, the clerical leaders of the "Law and Order" and. "Sabbath" organizations. 