464 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY keep open galleries on Sunday here-after." Recently a new photographer came to the city, and, contrary to the cus-tom of those already engaged in the same business, he kept his gallery open and took pictures on Sundays. This aroused the other photographers, who protested that it was in violation of "the law in this State which prohibits the transaction of any business on Sunday, except it be a business of necessity." After some dis-cussion it was decided to have Mr. Howe, the offending photographer, arrested. The arrest is thus described by the Poughkeepsie News-Press: The policeman made his way into the gal-lery, where the photographer was busy Wking pictures. The photographer pointed to the crowd of people who wanted to be served with pictures on Sunday as one of the reasons why he should be allowed to operate his camera. "Arrest him, arrest him !" cried the other photographers, "and let us see if it is not pos-sible to have a quiet Sunday in this Christian city." Mr. Howe decided to make a test case of the matter, and although "he was told that the State law was very plainly against him, and that if he were allowed to work, carpenters, laborers, black-smiths, barbers, tinkers and tailors might also claim the right to toil on through the whole Sunday," he called for a jury  trial. The prosecuting attorney "threw his whole heart into the case, as he was very anxious that no violation of the Sunday law should go unpunished." Persons who had visited the gallery and had their pictures taken on Sunday testi-fied to the fact, but admitted that "pos-terity would probably never be able to look upon their faces" if pictures could be taken only on week days. This point was emphasized by the defense, which claimed on the strength of it that the work was necessary. It was also con-tended that the law was not violated, in-asmuch as the work was not done in pub-lic. Although the jury was composed of men whom "no one would ever have thought any amount of evidence could convince that any sort of business being transacted on Sunday was anything but a violation of the law," they rendered an immediate verdict of "not guilty." And now the other photographers announce that their galleries will be open every Sunday hereafter. One leading photog-rapher explained that "some time ago the Law Enforcement Society made us close up, or rather sent a notification to us that we must close, and hence we did not like to see an outsider come in and do what the city's own taxpayers and citizens could not do." .) The Buddhist sect at Kyoto, in Japan, ligion which requires the support of the has framed a parliamentary bill for the law is evidently in a debilitated condi-union of Buddhism with the state. The tion; and that if there is a genuine desire sect lately sent a delegation to the cele-  to propagate the faith and develop its. brated Buddhist priest, Shaku Shoyan, *useful potentialities, the plain course is for the purpose of obtaining his indorse-  for its priests to lead pure lives, to devote ment of the bill, but the attempt was a themselves to learning, and by examples failure. The delegates, so the Japanese of piety and erudition to show the whole-Weekly Mail reports, "were told that some efficacy of the creed they pro-what they proposed could not be recon-  fessed." The Rev. Shaku Shoyan dis-ciled with the constitution, which grants plays the wisdom of a Franklin.ŠTruth.  freedom of conscience to all; that a re-  Seeker. 