EDITCRIAL 637 Franklin "notify his government of the desire of the Holy See to consecrate a bishop for the United States," that the United States authorities would have nothing to do with such a question, as it was entirely out of their juris-diction. We think "the excellent un-derstanding between the Church and the United States authorities," on which the Pope's heart is evidently so firmly set, and which he . is so con-fident "the negotiations of Governor Taft" "have come to strengthen," is an al-together different sort of an understand-ing, and one which the interests of this nation and of the world require to be weakened instead of strengthened. Rome's European "Grievances" A correspondent of the Catholic Stand-ard and Times, writing from Paris, says that "the three opponents of the Church in Europe to-day are Freemasonry, Prot-estantism, and the Greek Schism." The "Greek Schism" is declared to be "a dangerous and cunning foe" of "the Church," and the principal ground of complaint against it is that "it is making use of the enormous political power at its disposal to reunite its domination over the Slav race of the south and east of Europe." Freemasonry is declared to be aiming at "the utter destruction of the Church" in France, Italy and elsewhere. This is being done "under the guise of alleged liberal principles," and the fur-therance of its purpose of "separation of church and state." Here is the complaint against Protestantism : Subsidiary to Masonry is Protestantism, es-pecially in Austria and in the Latin countries. By means of money furnished by Bible so-cieties of London and the United States, num-bers of Protestants are imported into Italy. Freemasonry extends them a willing protec-tion, not out of any love for their Christianity,  but for the purpose of using them to draw re-cruits from the bosom of the Catholic Church and to bring confusion into the minds of the people. These pernicious foreign elements show especial activity in Rome. There in the very heart of Catholicism they have churches, schools, halls of recreation, asylums, etc. They distribute with a free hand clothes, food and aid to the poor. They show, moreover, the most absolute subservience to the principles of the present Masonic government of Italy. They delight to wave flags at every festival of the state or court and they of course enjoy unlim-ited protection. Recently the King received in audience the heads of Methodism in Rome. He treated them with notable complacency and consideration, and learning that one of the party was ill, he sent to inquire into his condi-tion. Certainly it is too bad that "in the very heart of Catholicism" Protestant churches, schools, asylums, etc., are be-ing established, and that those who are so bold and unprincipled as to push this work "enjoy unlimited protection" from the government ! Isn't it too bad that "the Church" cannot, as in former times, wield the secular "arm" in quelling such impertinence! Of course it is .too bad that Masonry advocates and brings about as rapidly as possible the separation of church and state, for "the Church" wishes to stay united with, the state ! And it is too bad that the Greek Church, by means of her "enormous political power" is extending her influence over the Slays, for it means that "the Church" is being worsted in her own game and with her own weapons ! And it is too bad that Protestantism is spreading in Italy and is afforded ample protection by the government, for really "the Church" ought to enjoy a monopoly of all things religious in Italy, and should have the power of the state behind her for that purpose! If it is such a terrible thing for Prot-estants to erect churches, schools, etc., and to be treated with complacency and consideration by "the powers that be" in 