100  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY them to have manhood enough to do right from the love of right, to act from principle rather than from policy. The more a person leans on the law to help him do right the more will he fail to develop moral backbone. We oppose Sabbath legislation, in short, because compulsion is opposed to freedom in the service of God; be-cause it is opposed to natural rights ; because it usurps the place of conscience and weakens moral independence; be-cause it is against the rights both of man and of God, to whom all forced service is an abomination ; because, in a word, it is against the highest welfare of man and contrary to the ordinances of God.  L. A. S. There can be no doubt that Sunday laws and other religious legislation spring in some degree from the sense of responsibility which men feel for the spiritual welfare of their fellow-men. This sense of responsibility is proper and right, and so long as it operates in proper channels, is in the highest de-gree commendable. But such is the weakness of human nature that too often men attempt to discharge this responsi-bility in ways that transform it into a curse for men instead of a heavenly blessing, as it was designed to be by Him from whom this sense of responsi-bility comes. Thus John Stuart Mill was led to say : "The notion that it is one man's duty that another should be religious was the foundation of all the religious persecutions ever perpetrated, and if admitted, would fully justify them." This is true, and it is not true. This notion has been at the foundation of most religious persecutions, but it does not justify them. It is one man's duty that another should be religious,  but it is no man's duty to invade the rights of another in performing this duty. But this is just what Sunday and all other religious legislation does. The duty which one man has to promote the spiritual welfare of another is too high and too sacred to be performed by the rude machinery of government; it can be discharged only by love, tenderness, and self-denial. The Sunday Question in New York While there is a vigorous discussion going on at the present time throughout the country over the matter of Sunday observance and enforcement, occasioned by the present excise situation in New York, it is a fact that the real, funda-mental question that is involved in Sun-day legislation is seldom touched upon. Those who advocate the legalizing of open saloons in New York on Sunday do not once raise the question as to the right of the State to legislate in behalf of a religious institution. On this point there is nothing to indicate but what they are perfectly agreed with their most zealous opponents who denounce the proposition to open the saloons at any time on Sunday as "a blow at the sacred-ness of the Sabbath." As it appears to us, that which gives life to this discussion on one side and in which the strength of that side lies, is the overwhelming desire of a large portion of the population for intoxi-cating beverages, and their determination not to be deprived of the privilege of se-curing these beverages whenever they want them. This may seem rather blunt, but nevertheless we are persuaded that it is true. Of course we are aware that many of the men who lead in the move-ment for Sunday opening are not pos- 