In craze§ O 011211SFISAM 11113 Z2IY VoL. XVIII WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1903. No. 48     We have been unable to prepare for this issue the matter calling attention to something that is fundamental and vital to the issue concerning religion and education, as we.  announced last week would be done. This will be done in the issue of two weeks hence, as the next issue must be devoted to other matters. The question of re-ligion in the public schools necessarily includes the question of anything in the public schools that brings religion into them. There are different things which may be used, different ways which may be employed, to have re-ligion in the schools. When any par-ticular thing brings religion (we mean religious doctrines and their inculca-tion as such) into the schools the ques-tion of religion in the schools becomes in that particular matter a question of that particular thing in the schools. Thus we have the question of the Bible in the schools, which by no means com-prehends the present religion and the public schools question, but is only a phase of it which of itself is of but of secondary importance. The fundamen-tal question is that of religion in the schools, which in turn rests upon the more comprehensive question of the re-lation of church and state. But as one phase of this religion in the schools question the question of the Bible in the schools does present itself to-day, and in a concrete way presents the more  fundamental questions, which it neces-sarily involves. And there can be no question whatever that the decision which the principle of separation of church and state requires in the ques-tion of religion in the schools it also re-quires in the question of the Bible in the schools. There is no possible escape from this. The Bible in the schools as a book for giving religious instruction is religion in the schools, and if the principle of separation of church and state excludes religion from the schools it excludes the Bible used in that way from the schools. And if it does not exclude the Bible used in that way, it does not exclude religious teaching of any sort from the schools. Yet, strange to say, there are many people who pro-fess to believe in the principle of separ-ation of church and state and who say they are opposed to religious teaching by the state and in the public schools, who yet think the Bible should not be excluded from the schools. Since it is "the Word of God," is "only good," and "teaches only the truth," say they, what harm can it do in the schools, and why should there be objection to its being read and taught in them? Why should we be "opposers of the Word of God" and " seek to obscure the only light of truth the world possesses?" they ask in all honesty and sincerity. It seems hardly possible that any one who has even the most elementary understanding of the principle of separ-ation of church and state and knowl-edge of the principles of religious One Phase of the Question 