6 2 8 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY erty, and the pursuit of happiness." The Founder of true religious liberty set forth this same principle of equality for the government of His church. The rights of one are the same as the rights of another. God estimates a man's re-ligion by the way he treats his fellow-men. God made man in His own image. As every human being is the workman-ship of God we should recognize and treat every individual as God's property, and we should also recognize that the price of redemption is the same for all. As we treat others so will God treat us. - Covetousness, or selfishness, must be taken from the hearts of men before they will recognize the equal rights of their fellow-men. Christ alone can cleanse the heart from selfishness. Christ  is the only one who can give men real liberty or freedom. It is not done by legislation. Christ depends not upon force or fear, but upon the drawing power of His love. Through the prophet, Jesus declares : "I have loved thee with an everlasting love; therefore with loving kindness have I drawn thee." He compels none to follow Him. "I drew them," He says, "with cords of a man, with bands of love." There would be perfect and universal liberty on the earth if all men would recognize the equal rights of their fellow-men. When and wherever this is done persecution will cease. Therefore, in Jesus alone, the Founder of religious lib-erty, can we obtain genuine, universal and everlasting liberty. O In France, like in most other Euro-pean countries, church and state are united, three churches, Roman Catholic, Lutheran, and Reformed, receiving their support from the public treasury. On account of the decided and persistent op-position of the radical anti-church ele-ment in the National Assembly the ap-propriations for the support of these established churches are being constantly decreased, and as a result most ministers receive pitiably small salaries. At the recent meeting of a Lutheran synod in the south of France, where the matter came up for discussion, one pastor arose and stated that his salary was so small that he had not been able to provide meat for his family for one whole year. The proper thing for the people of France to do would be to stop this anomalous con-dition of affairs by cutting off all state-support of the churches, and allow the latter to take care of their pastors by themselves.ŠLutheran Witness. Truth has a heart, and only heart can find it. There is no truth apart from personŠthere is no divine truth apart from divine person.ŠDr. C. H. Park-hurst. The ideal condition is the closing of all the saloons all the twenty-four hours of all the seven days of the week. If a saloon is an evil Sunday, it is an evil Monday. We would have all moral in-fluence, through education and religion, employed to abolish the saloon.ŠThe Independent. Individualism is the integer of all gov-ernmental equities. The only right policy that can secure the greatest good to all the people is that which consents to no injustice to any individual of the mass. Rights belonging to the citizen as such belong to the individual as sacredly as to the community or the majority.ŠAt-lanta Constitution. 