54 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY letter in opposition to Smoot's candidacy, or otherwise to make manifest in a public way his disapproval." As already noted in these columns, the Salt Lake City Min-isterial Alliance several weeks ago sent resolutions of protest against the election of Mr. Smoot to President Roosevelt and called upon other ministerial associations throughout the country to do the same. The source of the importuning of the President in this matter is further indi-cated by this communication that was ad-dressed to the editor of the New York Sun by the superintendent of the National W. C. T. U. on January 12: Sir: Possibly on account of President Roose-velt's opposition to Apostle Smoot as United States Senator you may give out the fact that the National Woman's Chiistian Temperance Union are leading in the campaign against Smoot becoming Senator; also an amendment to the Federal Constitution prohibiting polyg-amy. Every State and Territory is in line, backed by the Interdenominational Council of Women, the various women's organizations, the churches of nearly all denominations and the people at large. This combination is formed to continue until polygamy is stamped out in this nation. And so it is evident that it is from ministerial associations, the W. C. T. U., the Interdenominational Council of Women for Christian and Patriotic Serv-ice, and " the churches," that the Presi-dent has learned that notwithstanding there is " no objection to Mr. Smoot per-sonally or [to] his religious faith," that his candidacy should be opposed and that his election " would arouse opposition and inject an unfortunate question into na-tional politics and create unfavorable comment." The superintendent of the National W. C. T. U. would have given out a far more important piece of infor-mation than she did had she stated just why it is that her organization is leading or is engaged in a campaign " against Smoot becoming Senator." And the President, as long as he was to take a  hand in the matter, would have done much better had he stated just why it is that the election of Mr. Smoot, against whom he says there is no objection per-sonally or on account of his religious faith, " would arouse opposition and in-ject an unfortunate question into national politics and create unfavorable comment." Upon the merits of what can be said on this point depend the merits of the objec-tion to Mr. Smoot upon that ground. The mere fact that his election would arouse opposition and create unfavorable comment, or even inject an unfortunate question into national politics, does not necessarily show that there is anything wrong or out of the way about Mr. Smoot's candidacy. Instances have been known in this country of public speakers having their meetings broken up and coming very near losing their lives be-cause a mob of lawless individuals did not want them to say what they were saying, and in some cases such speakers have been arrested and prevented from speak-ing altogether by the authorities because of the disturbances that did, or were likely to, occur. But who were the criminals, and where did the blame in the matter rest? Was it the speaker or the mob that should have been suppressed? We can-not but wonder if President Roosevelt would take the same attitude that he has taken with reference to " Apostle " Smoot toward a high dignitary of some other re-ligious body besides the Mormon. Would he, for instance, if Archbishop Ireland were a candidate for the Senate and there was a strong anti-Roman Catholic senti-ment manifested against his candidacy, oppose his election merely on the ground that it " would arouse opposition and in-ject an unfortunate question into national politics and create unfavorable com-ment " ? The notable thing about this matter so far as the President is connected -with it is that by these religious forces which 