The eggkell CHINUSTAM L112.3ERTY VOL. 17 NEW YORK, JUNE, 1902 No. 7 The Only Hope of Self-Government By Alonzo T. Jones THROUGH world-power, wealth, and intemperance the ancient em-pires went to ruin, and the empire-re-public of Rome not only to ruin, but to annihilation. In studying these notable instances of "philosophy teaching by example," par-ticularly the item of intemperanceŠloss of self-governmentŠit is worth thinking of that as to strong drink they knew only the fermented juice of the grape. Though the principle of distillation was known from most ancient times, there was very little, if indeed there was any, manufacture or actual use of distilled liquors. The problem to be studied to-day is : When, with one sort of intoxicant added to the indulgence of the other appetites and the passions self-government could be so destroyed that all the mighty em-pires of ancient times, and especially the mightiest of allŠthe empire-republic of RomeŠcould be carried to ruin and an-nihilation, what must be the result to the mighty empire-republic of the United States when to the indulgence of the-other appetites and passions there is added the inevitable effect of the many sorts of intoxicants now indulged every- where that work only the destruction of self-government ? Anything that is used, the effect of which is to intoxicate, to stimulate or to narcotize, tends inevitably to the destruc-tion of self-government in all who use it. For this reason the whole range of stimulants, narcotics, and intoxicants is included, is of peculiar importance, and must be considered in any study of the true principle and practise of self-gov-ernment. What then is this range? Let us have the answer in the words of the highest literary and scientific authority in our language. In the Encyclopedia Britan-nica, article "Drunkenness," it is stated as follows : From tea to hasheesh we have, through hops, alcohol, tobacco, and opium, a sort of graduated scale of intoxicants which stimu-late in small doses and narcotize in larger. The physiological action of all these agents gradually shades into each other: all produ-cing or being capable of producing consecutive paralysis of the various parts of the nervous system. This places in the list of intoxicants two things of almost universal use, which are not generally recognized as intoxi- 