58o  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY cure the arrest and conviction of mer-chants who refused to heed the dictates of the clerks and grocers in this matter. The crusade was continued in the same fashion, the clerks' association taking the lead, and the grocers interested in Sun-day closing urging them on. As will be seen from the following interesting ac-count from the North Eastern Grocer (Boston), of June 13, which we deem it worth while to present entire, the clerks soon "jumped over the head of the police department and employed outside talent" in their work of inducing people to vio-late the law which they were so desirous of having obeyed and enforced : Five of the fourteen grocery keepers who were summoned into the Lynn police court Monday morning, June 2, charged with violat-ing the Sunday law by selling groceries on the Lord's day, pleaded guilty and were or-dered to pay a fine of $5 each. The cases of the others, with one exception, were continued to Saturday, June 7. for trial. In the mean-time they were given an opportunity to with-draw their plea of not guilty and pay a fine of $5, when the charge against them will be dis-missed. The exception is that of Benjamin Goldberg, who was in court November 9, 190o, charged with the same offense, and who has pleaded guilty both times. All of the defendants are grocers who do a retail business on a small scale, and who were summoned into court on complaints made by William F. Tasker, a private detective of Boston, who secured evidence against them at the instigation of the Lynn Grocery and Retail Clerks' Association. The police department knew nothing of this move on the part of the clerks' association until Sunday night, when Mr. Tasker applied for the warrants. It is understood that the movement to close all the grocery stores which have hitherto been open on Sundays originated at the last meeting of the clerks' association and that other arrests are to follow. Tasker, who was hired by the association to procure evidence necessary to secure the conviction of the violators of the law, came to Lynn early Sunday morning, and, accompanied by Thomas Caldwell, another detective, visited eighteen or twenty stores, at each of which  they purchased lemons, sugar, and in two in-stances peaches and mustard. The storekeepers said that they sold the articles on the supposi-tion that they were badly needed, and had no intention of violating the law. All of the accused appeared in court, but the judge only heard those represented by counsel. Detective Tasker was the first wit-ness to take the stand. He testified to making purchases of sugar and peaches at the store of Annie Zeramby, at 146 Blossom Street. Cross-examined by Attorney Sisk he said that he had been a detective for seven years, and had been hired by a Mr. Hatch and a Mr. Crowell to procure evidence against the defendants. He was to be paid $30 for his work, together with his expenses. The money with which he pur-chased the various articles was provided by those two gentlemen. His assistant, Thomas Caldwell, also testified to the sales being made, and said that he was to receive $2.50 a day for his nart of the work. The case of Daniel Welch, of 59 Essex Street, was next called, and both Mr. Tasker and Mr. Caldwell testified to the sales being made by Mr. Welch. The nroprietor of the store took the stand and testified that his place of business was locked when the men called at his. house, and that he was getting ready for church. They represented that they were going on a picnic, and he finally decided to accommodate them. Going to the store he found the two men there, and one of them took a mug of mustard from the shelf, wrapped it up in a paper bag, and after purchasing sugar and lemons left the. store. The side door was locked, and he was certain that the front door had been locked by him early in the forenoon. On cross examination by Counsel New-comb, Tasker said he was licensed a detective by the city of Somerville. The former charac-terized the testimony of the detectives as "poor quality spotter evidence," and asked that the cases be placed on file. The judge said that warning had been sent out to these small dealers that they must not sell groceries on Sundays, and in view of that he would impose a fine; the only question was on the size of the fine. Attorney Shaw stated that he would be satisfied with a small fine, except in the case of Goldberg, who had been in court before for the same offense, and those who pleaded guilty were fined $5, with the under-standing that after this any dealer brought into court for a similar offense would be liable to a 