THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY 25 to comply. He made answer as follows: Know all of you, princes of the State and Church, that you are my subjects, since God has submitted all men to my authority ! Know that the cardinals have no other power than that of choosing as pope the most worthy of their number, and as soon as they have de-clared him supreme chief of the Church, the Holy Spirit suddenly illuminates him. He be-comes infallible, and his power equals that of God: he can be no longer subjected to any sway. He is placed above the powers of the earth, and he cannot be deposed from the apostolic throne, even by his own desire. The dignity of the pontiff is, finally, so redoubtable that the world should listen to our decrees, bend in the dust, and tremble at our word!ŠDe Cormenin. Two years passed, and the efforts of the king of France were so well received by the powers of Europe that, in 1398, at an assembly of the States and clergy of France, it was announced that not only the king and Church of France had de-termined to demand the renunciation of the papacy by both popes, but that in this were united the kings of Hungary, Bohe-mia, England, Aragon, Castile, Navarre, and Sicily. This same assembly uncondi-tionally withdrew allegiance from Bene-dict XIII., and this act was published by letters throughout the kingdom of France. When these letters reached Avignon even the cardinals there with-drew from Pope Benedict. A represent-ative of the emperor, of the king of France, and of the clergy of both Ger-many and France, was sent to Rome to present to Boniface IX. their request for his renunciation. When the pope's at-tendants began to show some fear that he might concede to the request, he said to them : "My good children, pope I am, -pope I will remain, despite all entreaty of the kings of France and Germany !" The representative returned to France, and was sent on a like errand to Pope Benedict XIII., at Avignon. The only answer he could get from Benedict was: "Let the king of France issue what or- dinances he will, I will hold my title and popedom till I die !" The ambassador begged of him to consult his cardinals. He consented, and the cardinals assem-bled in full consistory. He made to them a speech, and withdrew. The cardinals consulted, and advised him to submit to the request of the kings. But he de-clared : "I have been invested by God in the papacy. I will not renounce it for count, nor duke, nor king !" The car-dinals then sent again to Benedict, this time the king's ambassador. But Bene-dict again replied : Pope I have written myself ; pope I have been acknowledged by all my subjects; pope I will remain to the end of my days. And tell my son, the king of France, that I thought him till now a good Catholic: he will repent of his errors. Warn him in my name not to bring trouble on his conscience. Next a marshal of France, with troops, was sent to remove Benedict and to com-pel him to resign. Even the citizens of Avignon were in favor of compelling him to resign. But to this he replied : "I will summon the gonfalonier of the Church, the king of Aragon, to my aid. I will raise troops along the Riviera as far as Genoa. What fear ye? Guard ye your city, I'll guard my palace !" But Bene-dict's "gonfalonier of the Church" would not respond, except with the words : "Does the priest think that for him I will plunge into a war with the king of France?" The people of Avignon and the car-dinals surrendered to the marshal at the first summons. Benedict endured a short siege, but surrendered. He was not really taken prisoner. He was allowed to remain in his palace and grounds, but was held thus a prisoner for five years, 1398-1403. In this time divisions had arisen amongst the nobles. The king of Sicily forced his way into the presence of Benedict, and assured Benedict of his 