THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 677 country, and no necessity to require an expression of it in meaningless forms or idolatrous acts. Judge Ferris' suggestion is full of mischievous possibilities. He should advocate a policy of education, not one of meaningless form and hollow profession. B.  be preserved inviolate, and if through any theory of government it is not so preserved, then the greatest harm to the greatest number will be the inevitable result. s. Ł10-4-1Ł RELIGIOUS LIBERTY; WHAT IS IT? According to Webster's International Dictionary, THE DOCTRINE OF EXPEDIENCY. " religious liberty is the free right of adopting and "AND one of them, named Caiphas, being the enjoying opinions on religious subjects, and of wor-high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know shiping the Supreme Being according to the dic-nothing at all, nor consider that it is expedient for tates of conscience, without external control." The us that one man should die for the people, and that Standard's definition is " freedom of religious opin- the whole nation perish not." John i I: 49  50. ions and worship as one's conscience may dictate." In these words the doctrine of expediency was Mr. Madison's memorial to the General Assembly proclaimed upon a certain notable occasion in the of Virginia in 1785, protesting against "A Bill Estab- past. The argument seemed very conclusive to lishing a Provision for Teachers of the Christian those who heard it then, but to us its heinous char- Religion," sets forth this: " We remonstrate against acter is made manifest by the fact that it was spoken the said bill: i. Because we hold it fora fundamental by an enemy of Jesus Christ for the purpose of and undeniable truth, That religion, or the duty justifying his crucifixion. which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of dis- Yet the same wicked sophistry, in different words, charging it, can be directed only by reason and con-is repeated over and over to-day. " It is expedient viction, not by force or violence.' The religion, that one man should die for the people, and that the then, of every man must be left to the conviction whole nation perish not." What is this but one way and conscience of every man; and it is the right of of stating the doctrine of "the greatest good to the every man to exercise it as these may dictate." greatest number" ? The "Act Establishing Religious Freedom in To be sure, it was not for the good of the Jewish Virginia" passed after the defeat of the act against nation that they crucified Jesus Christ; and it is not which Mr. Madison and hundreds of Presbyterians actually for " the greatest good of the greatest num- and Baptists protested, provided, " That no man ber " that one person should be deprived of his God- shall be compelled to frequent or support any relig-given rights. But this is not the point. The Jews ious worship, place, or ministry whatsoever, nor shall believed that the welfare of their nation demanded be enforced, restrained, molested or burthened, in Christ's death, and they acted on their belief, and his body or goods, nor shall he otherwise suffer on people to-day will act on their belief, just as did the account of his religious opinions or beliefs; but all Jews in the time of Christ. They will be led to believe men shall be free to profess and by argument main-that in some cases, comparatively few, the individual tain, their opinions in matters of religion, and the must surrender what has been considered his natural same shall in no way detract, diminish, or affect their rights in order that anarchy may not break in upon civil capacities." society and that the whole nation perish not. Again, in the memorial already referred to, it is The doctrine of expediency has its place, but said: "Whilst we assert for ourselves a freedom to it is wholly out of its place when it is used to de- embrace, to profess, and to observe the religion which prive a person of his natural right to life, liberty, we believe to be of divine origin, we can not deny an and the pursuit of happiness. The law of God equal freedom to them whose minds have not yielded knows nothing of expediency, and as surely as every to the evidence which has convinced us." man is amenable to that law so surely has he the These quotations show clearly that religious inalienable right to that freedom necessary to the liberty means not only the right to hold, and to ob-development of righteous character. In the sacred serve one's own religion, free from all restraint and domain of conscience the individual stands alone compulsion, but likewise freedom from all compul-with his God; the rest of mankind are necessarily sion touching the religious views, institutions and and rightfully excluded. This sacred domain must usages of others. Ł B. 