462 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY son and Walter G. King." The officer testified that he had purchased goods from each of these grocerymen, but as he had no one to corroborate his testimony the judge pronounced the evidence insufficient. Mr. King testified that he did sell the article mentioned, sugar, but that he did it to accommodate. "He knew it was in violation of the law, but the special officer told him that he wanted to make some lemonade for a per-son who was sick, and he accommodated him, althotIgh there was a sign hanging up in the store saying, 'No groceries sold on Sundays.' " The judge very properly declared, as he discharged the grocer : "I don't like this style of get-ting evidenceŠholding out inducements to a man to violate the law. I don't think a man ought to be urged to violate the law." And certainly it is despicable in officers of the law, by means of deception and artifice, to induce people to do what they pretend to be trying to prevent. dŁ The matter of Sunday ball playing has occasioned some little agitation in Austin, Minn., recently, and the outcome has been that, "as a result of the efforts of the Austin ministers, Sunday games have been prohibited." From Rev. Alfred Cressey's account of his participation in a meeting called by the ball people at the outset of the agitation, to which they in-vited those opposed to Sunday playing, we take the following : On reading the object of the meeting my soul was "stirred within me." Although wearied with the day's labor, and preferring some one else would attend, I got ready and went, inviting a few others to go with me. We found ourselves invited to the basement of the Fox hotel to urge the citizens of Austin to become wilful transgressors of the laws of our country, and the laws of the God of our fathers, and our God. After the address by'the gentleman from St. Paul or Chicago, I, Alfred Cressey, took the floor. read the invitation, or challenge, as I  called it, and said to the gentlemen present in a kind and friendly manner what I was there to do. I told them I was not opposed to the men enjoying themselves on six days in the week by playing ball, but on Sunday I was de-cidedly opposed to the business. It is contrary to the laws of the United States and Minne-sota that games should be played on what we call Sunday, or the Lord's day. And further that the laws of Minnesota forbid it, and all persons playing or taking part in the same be-come transgressors of the law and lay them-selves subject to arrest and a fine of two dol-lars each for doing the same. And still fur-ther; if they organize a ball club with the in-tention of playing games on Sunday, they be-come wilful transgressors of the law and are not good citizens. . . . I assured them that I meant business, and should oppose all Sun-day ball games with all the authority and in-fluence I had, even to the calling for the help of the laws of the State if necessary. On the last Sunday in April some twenty-five or thirty of the ball players of the place asembled about three miles south of Austin for a game of ball, but the sheriff and Rev. Cressey were tele-phoned for, and the playing was stopped. A local paper observes that "Sunday ball playing is prohibited by a State law and, while it cannot be regarded as a harmful sport, it is a desecration of the Sabbath and should be abstained from on that ac-count." A recent Monday night entertainment at the Chase Theatre in Washington, D. C., was preceded by a dress rehearsal in the theatre on Sunday afternoon, which occasioned somewhat of a stir when the fact became known. It is said that "sev-eral well-known society women, when they learned that the rehearsal had been held, returned the seats which they had purchased." Rev. Henry Y. Satterlee, Episcopal Bishop of Washington, was moved to write a vigorous letter regard-ing the matter to the editor of the Wash-ington Post, in which he said : I was so much surprised by your account of 