820 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY an offense committed on a certain day, the magistrate had exhausted his power so far as charges relating to that par-ticular day were concerned. " Work on Sunday," said Mr. Owens, "under the law is a single offense, whether it be all done in one place or not. You cannot fine a man twenty times, or even twice, for work done on the same Sun-day. But you could hold him for one act of selling at one place, and then arrest his representative or employee for selling elsewhere." Mr. Owens promised to produce precedents in sup-port of his contention, and the magis-trate held over the question of penalty in the additional charges until next Thursday. One poor shopkeeper, who spoke English very imperfectly, naively asked how Borden, a young man who assists in spying upon small shopkeepers, had learned his name, since it does not ap-pear in the style of the firm of which he is a member. " Oh," said the in-former, "we have a funny way of find-ing those things out." In this instance the "funny way" resulted in A. Alt-man, of 141/2  South Delaware Avenue, being fined $4 and costs. M. P. Kensil, of 939 Race Street, who last week was summoned from a sick bed to the court, again appeared, and Agent F. L. Biddle, who had testified against him, now finally owned that he could not positively identify him. "But this witness, exclaimed Mr. Ken-sil, indignantly, "has sworn that I was the man!" Biddle admitted that he had visited twenty-seven other places on that day, November 22, in search of evidence of Sunday violation, some of them near Mr. Kensil's. The infer-ence was that he might have mistaken one place for another. Incidentally, Mr. Kensil confessed that he sold news-papers on Sunday. "That's an admis-sion," cried Mr. Vail, "that he has sold goods on Sunday. This man is trying to avoid responsibility for that store being openŠ" Magistrate South: "We are not hunting new trouble. We've got enough as it is. We don't want to tackle the newspapers. We have all we can attend to without that. The defendant is discharged." G. Hills Stephens swore that he  bought a cigar in Irwin Deitrich's shop, at 225 South Broad Street, on Novem- ber 22, but neither he nor Borden, who was spying outside while he was within, could be certain that it was the defend- ant who sold them. There were two charges against Mr. Deitrich. Borden testified in reference to an alleged sale on last Sunday, that he was outside and looked through the window while Stephens entrapped the victim within. "Did Stephens pay for the cigar?" asked Mr. Owens. "I suppose he did." "How do you know a sale was made if you did not see him pay any money ?" "I just saw him bending over the coun-ter, going through the motions of buy-ing a cigar." Mr. Deitrich had to pay $13 altogether, fines, and costs, for sell-ing two cigars on two separate Sundays. One of the first cases to come up was that of P. Segal, of 1104 Locust Street. The plea was made for Mr. Segal that he did not deny the offense charged, but that it was the first time he had been ar-rested, and he intended to keep his shop closed hereafter. It was strongly urged that he was entitled to clemency. "No, he is not!" exclaimed Mr. Vail. "He is a member of the Business Men's As-sociation, is he not? I object to his being let off. This man's place was open two Sundays running, and he is a member of the association." Mr. Segal was sworn, and said he intended to keep his place closed on Sunday here-after. Mr. Vail still objected to the remission of the fine. " There is a law which says, your honor," he went on, "that those who commit this offense must pay Š" "Yes," interrupted the magistrate, "but they have not all paid; at your own suggestion the fine has sometimes been remitted." "When a man belongs to an association," an-swered Mr. Vail, "whose object is to fight these charges and to help these men to avoid paying the fines they have incurred, I don't think he is entitled to consideration." The magistrate did not share this view, and Mr. Segal paid only the costs of two cases, amounting to $5. Wolf Schaffer, of 1348 Ridge Avenue, a poorly dressed, careworn man, who had sold one cigar to Agent Stephens two Sundays ago, paid his fine almost 