762 THE SENTINEL OF C LIRISTIAN LIBERTY The present French government "seems resolutely determined that the work of education in France shall, as far as possible, be taken out of the hands of the Roman Catholic hierarchy. The first amendment to the new educa-tional measure, now before the national parliament, forbids "members of the congregations, authorized or unauthor-ized, to teach in the higher educational establishments." The premier, in sup-porting this amendment, "insisted upon the necessity for removing the sons of the official classes from the influence of the clericals." The present condi-tion .of things in this respect "he be-lieved constituted a serious danger to the republic." It is very likely that in this whole matter the state is going beyond its proper, just, and rightful authority, and is engaging to some ex-tent in what may not inappropriately be called persecution; but such is the inevitable accompaniment of reaction against church menace of and en-croachment upon the prerogatives of the state. The church must do justice, if she would have .justice; if she would have the state respect her rights, she must respect the rights of the state. A Catholic clergyman of Brooklyn says : "Always the easy and adequate and only solution of the education dif-ficultyŠso far, at least, as Catholics are concernedŠis found in the full ap-plication of the words : Catholic schools for Catholic childrenŠCatholic chil-dren for Catholic schools." And this should be the solution of the education difficulty for every religious body that is troubled with itŠits own church schools for its own children and its own children for its own church schools; not schools partially the state's (as are all schools supported in any degree by the state) for its own children as such, nor the children of the community gen- erally for schools partially its own (as are all schools over which it shares con-trol with the state). The problem of the religious training of the children and youth is a problem for each relig-ious body to attend to for its own chil-dren and youth. When it seeks to lay it upon the state in any degree or man-ner it is shirking its own work and proving unfaithful to its mission. A notion that is especially in favor with political religionistsŠthose relig-ionists who seek to advance the cause of religion by using the machinery of the stateŠwas rightly handled by Dr. C. H. Parkhurst in the following state-ments which occurred in a sermon preached in New York on November 1: There is no public conscience in this or any other city except as it exists in individual men and women. There is no such thing as a municipal conscience, although the human mind is rather fond of such transcendental ambiguities as are implied in such phrases. This is a Christian community, we say. Yes, in so far as there are Christians in itŠjust as it is a pagan community, because there are pagans in it. I don't know which there are more of. Those who are fond of calling the United States a "Christian nation" and who set such great store by the "pub-lic" and "national conscience" should reflect upon this utterance. "The public schools are for all creeds, or no creedsŠCatholic, Protestant, or Agnostic ; for all nationalities, native-born and foreignŠfor the American, the Irishman, the German, the Italian. This makes them impartial, secular and comprehensive. No other system can exist in this country so long as it is republican in manner and form." It is the business of the church and not of the state to teach religion. 