278 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of Jesus Christ. We are to correct it by returning to the doctrine of the divine imman,nce in every believer, and by in-sisting upon the duty of each to seek to know the mind of God, immediately and directly, concerning every detail of life. Young people sometimes come and ask me, "Do you think I may go to the thea-ter?" My answer is twofold. First, I re-ply, "I do not know ; ask your Lord when you are alone with Him." And then, "If you ask me whether I can go, the reply is, Certainly not." I decline to decide a single question of conduct for any one. It is so easy to take the decision of others in such matters ; but a strong character is never made, and the will of God is never done, in that way. You cannotŁ realize what it is to be "a man in Christ," unless you learn to wait amid the silence of a great perplexity until the voice of God sounds in your soul. When we reach that point, the priest loses his occupation. The confessional finds acceptance in our land with thousands of men and women, principally the latter. It recog-nizes sin as an act of rebellion with conse-quences beyond the control of the sinner, and is reared upon human craving for pardon. What is wrong about it? The confessionalŁdelegates a power which has never been given by God to man, blunt-ing the conscience, and setting sin in a false light. One sentence only upon a grave side of the questionŠthe practise carries an awful possibility of sinning. I need not dwell upon that last shocking and awful fact. The corrective is to be found in proclaiming the atoning value of the cross of Christ, for immediate and direct pardon of sin confessed to God alone. There is a close connection between the sacredotal pretension of the "priest" and that rationalistic theology which drops the cross out of its preaching; for  the latter has served the former, while professing to fight it. We must get back to the declaration, everywhere and at all times, that, without shedding of blood, there is no remission. It is quite time that we were done with the false thing called "culture," which abhors the doctrine of atonement by blood. When the doctrine, in its necessity and direct results, is faith-fully preached, the confessional will have no place among us. Take that which, called by its right name, is termed the mass. The writings of Roman mystics discover a seeking for actual contact and communion of man with God ; and this doctrine of the mass, false as it is blighting, is founded upon the heart's true hunger for comradeship with Christ. The doctrine degrades eter-nal and spiritual things to a material and sensual level, and creates a new idolatry. The remedy is, that we preach and live in spiritual fellowship with the Father and with His Son, as the constant habit of our life. Then should there be no room for the false idea which robs men of their true communion, and leaves them out of touch with God. While there is need for exposure and denunciation of the vileness of the Romish system, it must be ours, as evangelical Christians, to bear clear and full testimony to the positive truths which center in Christ. [Another dangerous doctrine- of Ro-manism, and one which has a sufficient foundation of truth to make it the equal in deceptive power of any other of these false doctrines, is that of the relation be-tween church and state. This doctrine is by no means as simple and as easy to deal with as is commonly supposed, as may be seen by a careful reading of the instalment in this number of THE SENTI-NEL of "The Papal Theory of the Rela-tion Between Church and State." There are especial reasons why the doctrine 