THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 471 Nature, often speaks to men who will not listen to the preaching of his word by the human voice. Out upon the mountains, where the yawning canyons are beneath, and, above, the mighty rocks thrust up their thunder splintered pinnacles into the sky, how small man seems ! But how near, and how great, and grand is God ! Down by the seashore where the mighty waves come rolling in, and dash against the rocks, how the beating of the waves sometimes seems but the ceaseless pulsation of His mighty heart, and one can not but feel that it throbs in sympathy with human woe and human heart-ache and human need ! Ah yes, many a man has first come to know God by seeing him revealed in nature, and the man who is shut up most of the time in a large city is peculiarly susceptible to the beauties of the woods and hills. But, take away the opportunity of the masses for going to the country or the seashore on Sunday, and what will the masses do on that day of leisure ? They will not attend church, for they will not attend church now, and they will be more determined than ever not to attend church, when they see that the church is trying to coerce them. SUNDAY LAWS INCREASE DRUNKENNESS. What will they do? The question is not difficult to one who knows human nature as it is. On Sat-urday night, John will say to Henry, and Charles, and William, "Come to my house to-morrow, I will have a case of beer in the back kitchen, and we will have a quiet game of cards, and so I think we will be able to spend the day." Next week, William or Henry will return the compliment, and so on. No liquor will be sold, nothing can be done to prevent a man from taking a social glass with his friends in his own house. And so innumerable little drinking clubs will spring up, and thousands of young men who are too self-respecting to go to a saloon for their first glass, will thus acquire the appetite for drink. Instead of the voice of God in nature, they will have only the in-fluence of the back kitchen, and the cards, and the drink. Do you say this is only a speculative theory? The writer admits that years ago he first saw it as such. Reasoning from cause to effect, he was driven una-voidably to this conclusion ; but since then, he has seen his conclusions verified. In that professedly pious city of Toronto, on Saturday afternoon, any one who will, may see the streets dotted with wine and beer wagons delivering drinkables to be used on the mor-row. There are no street cars on Sunday. The mul-titudes can not get away from their hot tenements. They do not care to go to the church that has per-sistently refused them the cheap transportation they have so often asked for. So they must devise some way to spend the day. If any one still doubts the truthfulness of this pic-ture, here is a quotation to the point from Dr. Charles Roads, published in the New York Christian Advo-cate. This doubtless will be an authority to many, and it fully proves the point in question. "The Brooks High License law of Pennsylvania was rigor-ously applied in Philadelphia in its first year, 1889, by four judges sitting as the license court. They re-duced the number of the saloons from fifty-five hun-dred to sixteen hundred, and inspired such terror con-cerning violations of the law in the sixteen hundred that in one particularŠthat of suppressing Sunday sellingŠthere is practically complete success. These apparent gains, however, are offset by a steady and alarmingly accelerating increase in the consumption of beer and distilled liquors, which the internal revenue laws show to be far beyond the growth of the popu-lation ; by the great extension of the bottling business, which by energetic peddling has introduced beer into tens of thousands of homes hitherto free from it, and where now, as we know by many inquiries, it is freely given to children ; by young men's clubs, notoriously organized for drinking purposes, becoming very nu-merous and liberally furnished with all sorts of drinks on Saturday afternoon, which by the evasion of monthly dues are really Sunday saloons, thronged with men and boys all day." Now, both by reason, and by actual appeal to facts, the dark prophecy, which at first may have startled the reader, has been abundantly proven. The writer hopes that all who read may take warning, and have nothing to do with any method of attempted reforma-tion which will inevitably mean deformation, and de- struction in the end. G. E. FIFIELD. The Puritan Attitude Toward Toleration. (From a "Review of the Puritans," by Thomas Coit, D. D., member of the New York Historical Society.) That toleration was excluded from the very idea of religion by Puritanism, is evident from the fact that, in the Larger Catechism, one of the heinous offences against Heaven under the Second CommandmentŠa virtual commission of idolatryŠis the "tolerating a false religion." Many will perhaps look into some edition of that Catechism, published now [1845], and say I am incorrect. Let them know, that the loss of the quoted words is only a modern improvement. The unexpurgated original reads as I state, as anyone can satisfy himself by examining an edition as early as my own, viz., of 1768. When the sin of toleration ceased to be a sin, I know not. The edition quoted proves, that toleration continued its sinful existence to the verge of the American Revolution. * * The Cambridge and Saybrook Platforms virtually entertain the idea avowed by the Catechism, when they say the 