EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT  807 C ministers had just formed a ministerial association and were setting about "to have every place of business, such as cigar stores, confectionery stores, gro-ceries, clothing stores, etc., close its doors on the Sabbath day." But, says the report: "It is not the intention to invoke the aid of any State laws relat-ing to the subject. On the contrary, argument alone will be relied on to bring about the desired result." We have heard of storekeepers themselves adopting this proper method for bring-ing about Sunday closing, but for min-isters it is something so unusual that it is remarkable. They, who should be the last to do so, invariably appeal to and invoke the law, and the "law" is always the chief argument upon which they rely "to bring about the desired result." It is to be hoped that the min-isters of Valparaiso will stick to the method which they have adopted, and that it may become the method of other ministerial associations in the matter. It has been announced that Rev. Dr. Newell Dwight Hillis, pastor of Plym-outh Church, Brooklyn, has arranged for a series of conferences at that church on subjects which he regards as "of great importance to the religious welfare of the community." The con-ferences will be held on the four Sun-days of January, and it is significant that the topics announced for the first two Sundays respectively are : "The Peril of Moral Illiteracy in a Repub-lic," and "The Place of the Sunday in American Life." The first conference will no doubt promote the cause of public religious instruction, and the second the cause of Sunday observance by law. Dr. Hillis will make his morn-ing sermon the opening address of each of the conferences, and in the afternoon there will be three speakers, "one of  whom will be a judge, one a prominent college man, and another public man." And there will be another session in the evening with three more speakers. A little more than a year ago the opening of the great Congressional Li-brary at Washington on Sunday Ñfrom 2 to 10 p. m.Ñwas commenced. In his annual report just submitted to Congress the librarian, Mr. Herbert Putnam, "is enthusiastic over the suc-cess of the Sunday opening," and says that the results, "though fully within the expectations of the officials of the library, are beyond what they had ven-tured to predict." The average num-ber of visitors to the library for each Sunday from September 14, 1902, to June 30 last, was 3,258. The average number of readers in the main reading room for each Sunday was upwards of a fifth more than the average for other days, and the average number of books supplied on Sundays was a tenth more than the average for other days. Evi-dently the people do not agree with the professional "Sabbath defenders" who objected to the Sunday opening of the library. The annual convention of the Penn-sylvania National "Reform" Associa-tion immediately followed the meeting of the Pennsylvania "Sabbath" Asso-ciation at Harrisburg in November They might as well have been merged into one convention, as was almost the case, for the work of the "Sabbath" AssociationÑSunday enforcementÑis the principal part of the work of "National Reform." Suppression of Sunday "desecra-tion" is not suppression of crime. When the church undertakes the "suppression of crime" by law she is very apt to at-tempt to suppress something that is not crime at all. 