402 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of idolatry ; but it is not unchristian any more than it is for a Protestant inquirer to ask his living friends to pray for him. The doctrine of Purgatory seems to us unscriptural, but it is certainly not unchristian. Even we are be-ginning to think that we have taught more about the future world than we know. The practise of confession seems to us to be re-quired when it should be only permitted; but it cannot be unchristian, and it has its good side. The supremacy of the Pope seems to us a dan-gerous doctrine, but one can certainly be a good Christian and be a Pape or a believer in Popes. Our Łchief complaint of the Catholic Church is that it makes so much of rites and machinery that it is liable to forget that God is a spirit, and that spiritual worship is what He wants. So we are grateful to the Pope if he has asked our aid in the warfare against all vice and wrong. His purpose to bring peace to the world, to reduce armaments and war, is ours also. We would have Catholics and Protestants brought into closer relations. It is a delight to us to see their crowded churches, which are doing God's work, if not quite in our way. Certainly it needs nothing more than this to confirm what was said by an ear-nest writer on this subject years ago. "The opinion is gaining ground that, af-ter all, we do not differ so widely upon vital points as has been supposed, and that a little concession on our part will bring us into a better understanding with Rome. . . . Instead of standing in defense of the faith once delivered to the saints, the Protestant churches are, as it were, apologizing to Rome for their un-charitable opinion of her, begging par-don for their bigotry. . . . The false science which undermines faith in the Bible will prove as successful in pre-paring the way for the acceptance of the Papacy . . . as did the withholding of knowledge in opening the way for its aggrandizement in the Dark Ages." If "Protestants have no right to deny that the Church of Rome is a true church ;" if it be true that it is not un-Christian "to ask a saint to intercede with God ;" if the  doctrine of Purgatory "is certainly not un-Christian ;" if the practise of confes-sion "cannot be un-Christian," and should be permitted; and if "one can certainly be a good Christian and be a Pope or a believer in Popes,"Šthen it is difficult to see why there should ever have been any such thing as Protestantism. The Independent notes that "we . . . have been making more of the festivals of the Catholic Church," and this sug-gests a very significant phase of the drift Romeward. The Christion Work notes a "marked increase of the observ-ance of Holy Week by non-episcopal Christians," and The Presbyterian hav-ing remarked that "the Presbyterian Church has never been a Lent-observing church," and that "there is nothing of the kind in our calendar, nor liable to be soon," the Christian Work replies : The Presbyterian Church once was not a Christmas-observing church or an Easter-ob-serving church. Now there are lots of Christ-mases and Easters in the church which you cannot get out. And Lent has got its head under the Presbyterian tent as well. As to how this phase of the matter ap-pears to "others" may be gathered from this somewhat blunt but perspicacious note by an editorial writer on the Chi-cago Israelite: Altho Easter is nowadays very much in evi-dence among the various Protestant denomi-nations, it is not so long since all of them, except the Episcopalians, looked upon it as a popish feast day, which, in common with Christmas, was no better than a rite in honor of that improper female of Babylon, whom they regarded with horror and loathing. But a change has come over the spirit of their dream, and now the dissenting churches are almost, if not quite, as strict in their observ-ance of the season as are either Catholics or Episcopalians. If the Pilgrim Fathers are cog-nizant of how far their descendants have de-parted from the principles for which Puri-tanism fought, bled and died, those sturdy old haters of papistical mummery must be literally 