THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY  591  Take it all in all, the story of the papal power is a dismal -dramaÑthe gloomiest that darkens history I The noon of the Papacy synchronizes with the world's midnight.Ñ.T. A. Wylie, LL.D. Political aptitudes and political senti-ments are the gift of nature and the ac-quistion of personal experience ; they cannot be donated by one person or na-tion to another.ÑPresident J. G. Schur-man. Many of our reformers are disposed to cure the ills of the state by tinkering at the machinery. . . Nothing of the kind will help. The evil is in the spirit of the people. There must come a spiritual change, an inner change, or we shall not be helped.ÑDr. Felix Adler. The Catholic Church is earnestly, pa-tiently, persistently, determinedly, mak-ing an attack on our public school system. It is endeavoring to do one of two things Ñeither to get the public schools open to distinctively Catholic teaching, or else to get public money for the support of distinctively Catholic schools. And if the time ever comes when either of these aims is accomplished it will be a sad day for the future of the Republic.ÑDr. Minot J. Savage. It is impossible to deny that the policy of the Church of Rome is the very mas-terpiece of human wisdom. In truth, nothing but such a policy could against such assaults have borne up such doc-trines. The experience of twelve hundred eventful years, the ingenuity and patient care of forty generations of statesmen, have improved it to such perfection, that among the contrivances of political abili-ties it occupies the highest place. The stronger our conviction that reason and Scripture were decidedly on the side of  Protestantism, the greater is the reluc-tant admiration with which we regard that system of tactics against which rea-son and Scripture were arrayed in vain. ÑMacaulay. It is probable that because of the very calm and conciliatory policy of the late Pope the struggle between Catholicism and Protestantism may be more stren-uous than it would otherwise have been. . . . The support given by Leo XIII. to the doctrine of papal infallibility has no doubt increased the confidence of Cath-olics, and made them eager to extend the dominion of the Church. But more and more the conflict must be one of prin-ciples, and not of the carnal weapons which were once so readily used in fight-ing the battles of religion. The very as-sertion of papal infallibility, while increas-ing the claims of the Catholic Church, has really undermined its authority be-cause most of the world regards it as a huge blunder.ÑChristian Register. The Reformation was accomplished in the name of a spiritual principle. It had proclaimed for its teacher, the Word of God; for salvation, faith; for king, Jesus Christ; for arms, the Holy Ghost; and had by these very means rejected all worldly elements. Rome had been estab-lished by the " law of a carnal command-ment "; the Reformation, by " the power of an endless life." . . . Thus one of the greatest tasks of the sixteenth century was to restore the spiritual element to its rights. The gospel of the reformers had nothing to do with the world and with politics. While the Roman hier- archy had become a matter of diplomacy and of court intrigue, the Reformation was destined to exercise no other influ-ence over princes and people than that which proceeds from the gospel of peace. ÑD'Aubigne's " History of the Reforma-tion." 