Ł PHILADELPHIA SUNDAY-ENFORCEMENT CRUSADE HALTED 63 ment and conservator of religion, but which enlightened peoples have long ago repudiated. Sabbath Association " Achievements " In our first extensive report several.  weeks ago regarding this Sunday en-forcement crusade and agitation in Philadelphia we gave at the outset a "review of twelve months' work of the Sabbatarians" prepared by Mr. C. J. Field of the small dealers' protective association. In concluding we can pre-sent a summary of the last year's work of the "Sabbath" Association prepared by its manager. The annual meeting of the organization was held on January 18, and "in summing up the work which was accomplished by the association last year, Rev. T. T. Mutchler, corresponding secretary, re-ported these achievements:" Defeat of the Berkelbach bill in the legislature, which if passed would have virtually repealed the Sunday law. Efforts of the milkmen to diminish Sunday work furthered. Barbers aided in their Sunday-clos-ing movement. City authorities took action to pre-vent the carrying on of many lines of business and anfusement on Sunday. A State organization effected, and the counties are being organized. There were distributed 100,000 pages of leaflets. The general contributions amounted to $1670.80. The church collections, to $431.81. The . important phase of the "Sab-bath" Association's work with which Mr. Field's report dealt is not even mentioned by Mr. Mutchler. He does not include in the list of "achieve-ments" the wholesale prosecutions and convictions of the small shopkeepers under the Sunday law. Is it possible that he does not regard this .as an "achievement," as the greatest of the  "achievements," of the "Sabbath" As-sociation during the past year? It is very likely that he now begins to real-ize. that it is an achievement that it is the part of wisdom not to glory in publicly Š that the reputation and standing of the "Sabbath" Association is not likely to be greatly enhanced by proclaiming and glorying in its chief "achieveMent" of the past year. At any rate it is evident that the "Sab-bath" Association will proceed much more slowly in this line of achieve-ment for a time. Judge Martin's de-cision has called a halt upon its ac-tivity in enforcing the Sunday law. From the report of this annual meeting we learn that although "the society has decided to appeal from the deci-sion of Judge Martin, the work of ob-taining evitience will not be pushed vigorously pending the decision." It is sincerely to be hoped that the next Sunday-law agitation in Pennsyl-vania will not be one in connection with the oppression and persecution of small shopkeepers, but that it will be one which will mark the complete repeal and abolition of the statute which has enabled the Philadelphia "Sabbath" Association to carry on its crusade of oppression and persecution during the past year. Two things that this crusade most decidedly emphasize are declared by Mr. Daniel W. Lenahan, of Willin-ton, Pa : "There is a higher law than the blue laws," and "the legislature should repeal these laws at the next session." It is a disgrace to the State that it has upon its statute books a law which enables religionists to op-press and persecute people for disre-garding a religious observance, and genuine patriotism and true religion alike call for the immediate removal of this disgrace.' 