EDITORIAL 156 In times that are past the head of the Catholic Church has on more than one occasion fulminated a document absolv-ing, or pretending to absolve, the people of England from loyalty to their sover-eign, and commanding them not to obey the king or the queen, as the case might be. While this may be no justification to-day for the use, in the coronation oath of the English sovereign, of the lan-guage that is so offensive to Roman Catholics, it is well to remember in this connection that such was the case. It at least teaches the lesson that one wrong will produce another. If the head of the Catholic Church could go so far in his presumption as to assume to de-pose the English sovereign, and to di-rect the English people as to whom they should obey and whom they should not obey, is it strange that the English sov-ereign and the English people should deny and denounce, as is done in the coronation oath, the arrogant preten-tions of the Pope? The hostile and even intolerant attitude of England toward the Papacy was engendered by the Pa-pacy herself, and. Catholics should not forget this fact in their no doubt just complaint with regard to certain por-tions of the coronation oath. The Retail Clerks' Union of Bloom-ington, Ill., has filed a protest with the city council against allowing pawn-shops to open on Sunday, alleging that the sales made by them are "an injury to the merchants who close on Sunday." The clerks always start out on these Sunday closing moves with the innocent plea that they should have one day for recreation during the week, but when once the law is invoked, the logical re-sult is to force everybody and every thing to "rest"on Sunday. If in their efforts to secure for themselves one day  in the week for rest they are justified in compelling stores to close in which no clerks are employed, on the ground that it is an injury to the merchants who do employ clerks and close on Sunday, how long will it be before the clerks will be demanding that no person shall be al-lowed to do any sort of work on Sunday for himself or anybody else, on the ground that it is an injustice to the clerks to let people be earning money while they have to rest? Every clerk who wants to rest on Sunday should have the privilege of doing so, but he should not demand enforced Sunday closing for that purpose. In the first place it is unnecessary, and in the next place it leads to the denial of rights that are just as fundamental as the right to rest on Sunday. "Should legislation represent the high-est moral sentiment in a community or something short of the highest?" is a question that is now raised in connec-tion with the question of Sunday open-ing of saloons. "Legislation should represent the highest moral sentiment of the community," declare the uphold-ers of Sunday legislation. "Legislation must be adapted to the condition of the people for whom it is enacted," declare the advocates of Sunday opening. Of the two positions, the last is much more sensible than the first; but neither is ab-solutely right, nor absolutely wrong. There is a well-defined limit to the sphere of civil government, beyond which no true moral sentiment, how-ever high it may be, will desire it to go. Government is limited to the sphere of civil affairs ; it has nothing to do with regulating, supporting or enforcing re-ligious practises and observances. And hence, in so far as the highest moral sen- 