72o  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY place they were discharged by the police justice on the ground that they had not "wilfully, wrongfully and maliciously desecrated the Sabbath," as charged in the complaint. The ministers of the place were the originators of the cru-sade against Sunday ball playing. Eight storekeepers and shopmen of Pittston, Pa., were arraigned before the mayor of that city on August 4 on the charge of having "violated the regulation in regard to the selling of their wares on Sunday." After considering the matter the mayor discharged them "with a rep-rimand for having broken the law, and the warning that they were not to offend again." Some stir was created recently in the village of Oyster Bay, L. I., the summer home of President Roosevelt, by the in-novation upon the custom of the village of opening the- postoffice for an hour ,or two on Sunday for the distribution of mail. This was done in obedience to a special order from the Post-office De-partment, which had acted in response to requests from citizens of the place. Rev. Alexander G. Russell, pastor of the First Presbyterian Church, preached a special sermon regarding the matter, in which he "denounced the movement for Sunday mails as an innovation which could work only harm, asserting that the opening of the postoffice on Sunday was unnecessary and a baleful desecration of the Sabbath." A dispatch stated that "Rev. Mr. Russell, being president of the Oyster Bay Law and Order League; takes a peculiar interest in Sabbath dese-cration." Yes, evidently in those forms of "desecration" that are especially harmless, as is characteristic with most "law and order" league representatives, for the dispatch continued : "The fact that all the saloons in the village are wide  open every Sunday, doing as much busi-ness as they do any other day in the week, evidently has escaped the observa-tion of the president' of the Law and Or-der League, whose conscience is dis-turbed so seriously by the delivery of mail on Sunday." r. By request the Sun Prairie (Wis.) Countryman and other papers in that lo-cality have reprinted from the Revised Statutes of that State the principal sec-tions of the statute "pertaining to Sun-day observance." The statute prohibits any person from opening his shop, ware-house, or workhouse, from doing any manner of labor, business, or work, "ex-cept only works of necessity and chari-ty," from being present at "any dancing, public diversion, show, or entertain-ment," and from taking part in "any sport, game, or play, on the first day of the week," under penalty of a fine not exceeding $1o. Any person who "con-scientiously believes that the seventh or any other day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath," and who "ac-tually refrains from secular business and labor on that day, may perform secular business and labor on the first day of the week," provided he does not thereby "wilfully disturb some other person or some religious assembly." The selling, giving away, or bartering of intoxicat-ing liquors "on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," is prohibited under penalty of a fine of from $5 to $25. Although this Wisconsin statute is not as stringent and severe as some Sun-day statutes, it is a good specimen of the average Sunday law. While it makes no mention of the "Lord's Day," it neverthe-less plainly displays the religious char-acter that is inseparable from such leg-islation. The Sunday Observance League, or- 