U SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 0 GJ This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of sands r enforcement Necessarily the b ems in most instances must i.e a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 347 towns and cities of a part of the empire and are allowed to pursue only a certain limited class of callings. . . . If the Jews are an ob-jectionable element of the population it is the Russian government itself that has made them  so by its repressive and unjustly discriminat-ing policy toward them. They are what it has made them. To blame them for it is as un-reasonable and unjust as the conduct of the Kishineff mob was wicked and barbarous. The city attorney of Mineola, Texas, " has published a card to the effect that he will prosecute all cases of violation of the Sunday law." The Canisteo (N. Y.) Chronicle re-ports that " the Sunday-fishing law is going to he strictly enforced on Lake Keuka this summer." A report comes from Mobile, Ala., that " the end of Sunday liquor selling is at hand " in that city. " Violators of the law will have to toe the mark and pay the penalty." . 0 It was reported from Winside, Neb., recently that " the Sunday-closing ordi-nance has been drawn up and will prob-ably be acted upon at the town board's next meeting." Ł3 Two saloon-keepers were fined $25 and costs each at Tomah, Wis., on Ł April i for " doing business on Sunday." On March 23 a saloon-keeper in Nor- • walk, Ohio, was fined $50 and costs " for keeping his saloon open on Sun-day." At Morris, Minn., on May to "the police were called upon to put a stop to the violation of the Sabbath ob-servance ordinance." They stopped a lineman from " putting up an elec-tric-light wire between down-town busi-ness houses." It was recently reported from Hutch-inson, Minn., that " if the ministerial association can have its way there will be no ball playing on Sunday, and it is even doubtful if the small boy will be allowed to fish on that day. They say it attracts attention from their churches." It is reported from Columbus, Ohio, that " the brewers have decided to aid the enforcement of the Sunday-closing laws in the smaller municipalities," and that " offers of support to this end have been communicated to over fifty mayors of the State by the organization." The secretary of the State Association of Brewers says the organization favors " a strict enforcement of the Sunday-closing law in the smaller municipalities of Ohio," holding that " there is a vast dif-ference in the situation in these towns and that in the larger cities, like Cincin-nati, Cleveland, Columbus, and Toledo." rŁ. On May 7 the barbers' union in La Crosie, Wis., again had Wm. Priebe, a non-union barber whose acquittal by a jury on April 3o on the same charge was reported last week, arrested on the charge of " keeping his shop open on Sunday." Although " the union lost the other case," " a union representa-tive says Priebe is to be arrested every time he opens on Sunday, even if he persists in doing it for a lifetime." And thus " Priebe will be made to 