TIŠ/E SENTINEL OF LIRERT`-r. 675 consider" the greatest good to the greatest number." Ł Let us donsider a case for illustration. An Illustration. Here is an individual who observes the seventh day as the Sabbath, according to the specifications of the fourth commandment. A committee of his neighbors, headed by a clergyman, visits him and in-forms him that he must keep Sunday. " But," he says," my cons :fence tells me that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and I can not keep two days in the week. I can not sanctify the seventh day without regarding the other days of the week as working days." "The Christian Sabbath is not the seventh day of the week but the first day," is the reply; " and you must observe it. This is a Christian nation and you must observe the rest day fixed upon by the majority of the people. That is the law of the land." "But it is my right," says the seventh-day Christian, " to be guided by my own conscience in the matter of Sabbath observance. The constitution of the State declares that every man has a natural and indefeasable right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of his own conscience.'" These words only provoke a mocking laugh. " Ho, ho, here is a man who clings to that old theory of natural rights! Why, my friend, that theory is all out of date. The progressive democratic philos-ophy of to-day has exploded those old notions of our fathers about natural rights and the consent of the governed. They were well enough in theory but they weren't capable of application to existing conditions in this government. If men were allowed to claim that they have natural, inalienable rights which the government must respect, some men would claim one thing and some another, and society and the government would be thrown into hopeless confusion. We have got to be guided now by what is expedient." "And," adds the clergyman, "the constitution of the state is wrong in allowing that men may do as they please in matters of religion. That was the work of political atheists and it must be changed. Civil government, it is now recognized, rests not upon what men may will, but upon the law of God." " But," persists the observer of the seventh day, " I am bound by the law of God, which says that the seventh day is the day to be observed as the Sab-bath." " The seventh day is not the Sabbath," rejoins the clergyman, sharply. " In this country it is settled that the first day is the Sabbath; public opinion and practise are overwhelming upon this point. The courts have declared it, Congress has declared it, and you can not be permitted to set up your opinion against the authority of the nation. You can not be permitted to teach anarchy." " But my conscienceŠhave I no right to that?" exclaims the one thus addressed. " You have no right to set up your individual conscience against the national conscience," is the reply. " As we have said, it is not a question of your rights. That doctrine can not justify you, for it has had its day and been set aside. What must be secured in this nation is the greatest good to the greatest number. All are now agreed upon this, and the greatest good to the greatest number requires that all observe the first day of the week. We must have uniformity in this matter. So I repeat, you must hereafter observe the first day of the week. The public good demands it, and the state must see that this rule is firmly enforced." So, instead of being able to claim the individual right of conscience in the matter of Sabbath observ-ance, the dissenter from popular religious custom has nothing left to stand on but " the greatest good to the greatest number," and when he can prove that his freedom in religion is for the greatest good of the greatest number he will be allowed to worship differently from the majority and not before. But how long will it take an individual to prove that it is for the greatest good to the greatest number that he be allowed to observe the seventh day of the week instead of the first, in the face of popular teach-ing and custom touching this point? As the result of such teaching as that we have quoted from the Outlook and the Independent, the fundamental American doctrine of natural, individual rights is being swept from under the feet of the American people; it is passing rapidly away before our eyes, and who is amazed or alarmed at the spectacle? It is high time indeed that the people everywhere should see and know what these things mean. s. ' THE spirit of liberty is not merely a jealousy of our particular rights, but respect for the rights of others, and an unwillingness that any man, whether high or low, should be wronged. Ł 