86 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY by Roman Catholic journals in this country, it being viciously contended that he was violating the rights of "the Church" and robbing the people of their religion. The clippings that we have show that it was desired by Roman Catholics in this country that Governor Taft should be superseded by General Wood, and that this was because it was believed or known that General Wood would pursue a policy much more sat-isfactory and agreeable to "the Church" than was being pursued by Governor Taft, and also that this was believed or known because of the manner in which General Wood had dealt with "the Church" in Cuba. It is not at all unlikely that the assign-ment of General Wood to the Philip-pines was with that in view which Roman Catholics in this country de-sired, but although there has come a change of governors for some reason this desire has not been realized as yet. But evidently Rome feels that the change of governors that has recently taken place is to her advantage and that the time is opportune for coming out strongly and unmistakably for what she wants in the Philippines. This is the meaning, evidently, of this as-tonishing "reminder" in the Catholic World magazine. In an editorial note which introduced the subject-matter of the article it was stated that the ex-tract from the report of the Philippine Commission was considered "of such timely importance and interest as to merit republication," and that it re-lated to "a problem which is yet un-solved," and also that it might "lead some to change their adverse judgments both on certain past events and on 'present claims of the Catholic body, and perhaps throw considerable light on the policy which, as a nation, we ought to pursue toward the Filipinos if we would do them justice." It is a  reversal of the policy that has been pur-sued by Governor Taft that the Catholic Church is after, and for that purpose the Catholic World has throyvn consider-able lightŠfrom the Dark AgesŠon the matter of "the policy which, as a nation, we ought to pursue toward the Filipinos" in the great matter of re-ligious liberty. The policy that it boldly .advocates is one that should not re-ceive favor for a single instant in any quarter. We confess that we are sur-prised to see even in a Roman Catholic publication what we have quoted from the Catholic World magazine. 4 Rome and the Pub- There is no need of lic Educational any one being in ig- . System norance of the fact that the Roman Catholic Church in this country is determined to bring about a revolution in the system of public education in the interests of the teach-ing of the Roman Catholic religion. Utterances and facts which frequently come to public notice continually attest that she is "earnestly, patiently, per-sistently, determinedly making an at-tack on the public school system, and endeavoring to accomplish one of two thingsŠeither to get the public schools open to distinctively Catholic teaching or else get public money for the sup- port of distinctively Catholic schools." One of the principal and specific pur-poses for which the American Federa-tion of Catholic Societies exists is to bring about this result. In Detroit on January 31, at a mass-meeting which marked the close of the semi-annual meeting of the advisory board and executive committee of this organiza-tion, its leader, Bishop McFaul, in speaking of the aims of the federation, declared that it was designed to "ac-complish much in the direction of doing away with two great deficiencies of the 