SUNDAY AT THE PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY 559 dared that "the ministers who preach in New York in the morning and preach fifty miles away in the evening are re-sponsible for the Sabbath neglect." But his leading point was that with which he began : unless "we conserve the Christian Sabbath" all religious effort in other di-rections is useless and "our Christian civilization" will go to pieces ! He told of how active was the organization he represented in this work, diligently op-posing all attempts "to destroy the Sab-bath laws," and seeking at every oppor-tunity to secure for the "Sabbath" greater "protection." He wound up by telling the audience to help themselves to the ample supply of literature on the sub-ject which this organization had placed at the entrances. Mrs. White spoke on "The Sabbath in the Home," and from her standpoint made a very praiseworthy address. She had nothing to say about legislation on the subject, but very plainly intimated that the most important step for secur-ing good results would be for ministers and church people to examine and set themselves right in the matter. The meeting was quite well attended, but be-yond the close attention given to the speakers there was nothing to indicate the feeling of the audience. According to announcement, the re-port of the committee on "Sabbath" ob-servance was taken up and "discusied" on the 23d. The report began by declar-ing that the opening years of the twen-tieth century mark an important epoch in the history of the country, and that in that fact there is "a loud call to the church to guard the foundations of faith and morality." Here is a paragraph of some significance that is worth quoting : It has become popular with many people, and with the secular press, to characterize efforts for preserving the Christian Sabbath on religious or even moral grounds as Puri- tanical, and as evidences of bigotry, and to de-nominate laws enacted to safeguard the liberty of the day for the laborer, and in the interest of morality and religion, "blue laws" and relics of inquisitorial intolerance. False teach-ing concerning the origin and authority of the Christian Sabbath does much to undermine the foundations of this most vital part of the moral law, and to disturb the faith of many of the most conscientious of our people, and cause untold thousands to treat all efforts to preserve the Christian Sabbath with careless indifference. It was claimed that it was through the efforts of the committee and other like friends of the "Sabbath" that the bills proposing a modification of the Sunday laws with regard to saloons were killed in committees of the New York legisla-ture last winter, and this was set forth as a great victory, and as evidencing the effective work that is being done in be-half of the "Sabbath." Among the res-olutions proposed were these That we strongly reprobate all games and sports, such as card parties, golf, ball games, Sunday photography, social functions, etc., on the Lord's day. That we most respectfully but earnestly re-quest all officers of public transportation com-panies to seriously consider the subject of Sunday excursions, to the end that they may be discontinued, in the interest of labor, morals and religion. That we deprecate the use¥ of the Lord's day for traveling, either for business or pleas-ure, by private individuals or public officials, notably such as occurred during the recent en-tertainment of a foreign guest. That we deprecate political conferences on the Lord's day, a practise which has become a great and growing evil in this Republic, and which has led, in some recent campaigns, to public political meetings on this day. That we earnestly urge the captains of in-dustry and all corporate officials and employers of labor to safeguard their employees in their right to the day of rest. During the discussion preceding the almost unanimous acceptance of the re-port, one member of the Assembly, who 