SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 13 Rest Day Association declared in the course of his remarks that he " would rather have to-day the old Puritan Sab-bath than the typical Wisconsin Sabbath." He said that " our ideal " is " first of all to create a sentiment for the proper ob-servance of the holy SabbathŠto im-press this upon the hearts and consciences of the Christian people," and the next thing was " the enforcement of the law in this regard." Before the convention adjourned the name of the organization was changed to the " Wisconsin Federation of Churches and Christian Workers," and resolutions were adopted which, to quote from a local paper, " urged upon all churches and other reform agencies the importance of organizing the Christian forces into local federations to co-operate more effectually with the State organiza-tion in protinoting the passage of bills by the legislature and Congress that are rec- ommended by the Federation," and also " recommending that anti-cigarette mass-meetings be held, that suitable literature be distributed, and that the existing laws be enforced, and that further legislation be secured that will clear the State of cigarettes and cigarette paper." Rev. W. Mayes Martin, of Sparta, was elected president, and W. A. Miner, of Madison, secretary. While no doubt doing some good, it is to be feared that those who are pushing this federation work are more and more losing sight of the truth expressed in this petition, which occurred in one of the prayers offered during the convention : " Help us to realize that unless the soul is brought to Christ there can be no re-form." Reform by law and reform by grace will not work well together. [It is necessary to divide this report. The most interesting portion, that concerning the Sunday Rest Day Convention, will appear next week.ŠEn. SENTINEL.] Ł The labor organizations in Beaumont, Texas, have inaugurated " a movement to push the Sunday-closing law." The clerks' union of Mankato, Minn., is " having the stores of the city all closed on Sunday." The public has been asked to patronize only " union stores." Marketmen, butchers, and sausage-makers of Milwaukee, Wis., held a meet-ing on December 7 " to discuss plans to bring about Sunday rest for this class of the city's laborers." :Ł On December 2 it was reported from Chicago that " union milkmen, who now number goo, have agreed to remain at  home wherever possible next Sunday to begin the campaign for a closed Sunda, in the milk business." Ł  At the instance of the clergymen of the place " an ordinance designed to prohibit the opening of the theater houses on Sun-day " was introduced into the city council of Mitchell, S. Dak., early in December. It was not known what action the coun-cil would take. " That the United States Government violates the spirit of the Sabbath by keep-ing post-offices open on Sunday morn-ings was one of many criticisms made on commercial customs of to-day by Rev. J. 