THE RIGHT TO WORK 753 tainly not if it is considered in the light of the fundamental principles of the American Republic, to have the fact brought out that it is due to the enact-ment of religious sentiment into law and an attempt by legislation to "protect" the "sanctity" of a religious observance, we know it will not help matters any to turn to other phases of the question. The plain and shameful fact is that by such legislation the right to work is denied on one day of the week without any warant in the civil needs of society, and that is all that it is necessary to know in this connection. But, it will be said, there is a vast dif-ference between a thing that is done through the orderly procedure of legisla-tion and the enforcement of law, and thatŁ that is done by the violence and intimida-tion of lawless mobs. It is true that in or-ganized society a peculiar odium attaches, and rightly attaches, to the trampling upon human rights by irresponsible mobs Što that invasion of human rights that is made by the threats and violence of persons who are clothed with no legal au-thority whatever. But after all there is not such a great difference between the invasion and denial of human rights by law and their invasion and denial by mobs, and so far as society at large is concerned the first is the greatest wrong. It is not to be presumed for a moment that those whose words we have quoted hold that an interference with the free- dom of the individual in the exercise of his right to work is an outrage only when it is due to mobs and irresponsible persons, and that such an interference would be all right if made by the legally constituted authorities. On the contrary some of them regard as the most repre-hensible and outrageous feature of such interferences in the mining regions of Pennsylvania the connivance of the civil authorities with those who made such in- terferences, it being claimed that such connivance existed. It will not suffice to say that such connivance existed without authority of law, for it is not upon that ground that the declarations above quoted are based. They rest upon the ground of the fundamental, inextinguishable, and inalienable character of the right to work, which, so long as it is not used to the injury of others, is by right as inviola-ble from the interference of the state and society at large as from the interference of the mob. And, further, it is not to be presumed that the union workmen would resort to violence and intimidation if the power of the state could be used instead. If they could secure legislation prohibiting "com-mon labor," except upon certain specified terms, under penalty of fine and impris-onment, as the friends of Sunday observ-ance have secured on far less tenable ground than union labor has upon which to base such demand, it is very likely that they would be perfectly content to let the law govern in the matter, and would at least be as orderly and law-abiding in the matter as some of the ad-vocates of Sunday enforcement are with regard to such enforcement. They would no doubt eagerly welcome theŁ substitu-tion of fines and imprisonment by author-ity of the state for intimidation and vio-lence on their part in the case of "scabs" and all others who, by working in their places, frustrate their attempts to improve their condition and the condition of the workingman generally, as they claim is the object of unionism and strikes. And in view of the fact that the advocates of Sunday enforcement now base their church-and-state scheme almost entirely upon the claim that it is in the interests of "enslaved labor," it is not very clear how they could consistently refuse to support union labor in such a demand as we have indicated. . If the cause of "en- 