t 170 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Sunday Enforcement Campaign in Illinois A movement is on foot in Illinois to secure legislation enforcing "the abso-lute closing of all retail stores on Sun-daysŠdry goods, notion, boot and shoe, grocery stores, meat markets, and in fact everything where clerks are employed." On January 7 the Retail Clerks' Pro-tective Association of Illinois was or-ganized at a convention of delegates from various parts of the State held at Springfield. One of the first subjects to receive the attention of the associa-tion after its organization was that of Sunday closing by legislation. In the declaration of principles of the new asso-ciation appears this clause : We denounce the desecration of Sunday by unscrupulous employers compelling clerks to forfeit their freedom by working on that day, and we declare this abuse shall be abol-ished. Laws should be framed at once and put in effect, and we pledge ourselves to do all in our power to have them enforced. A committee of eight persons, repre-senting the principal cities of the State, was appointed and "instructed to work from now until the next convention in the interests of a law similar to one now on the statute books of Ohio, which provides for universal Sunday closing." The clerks expect to have very material assistance from organized labor in their effort to stop all Sunday buying and selling. "We have organized labor with us in earnest," declared the presi-dent of the clerks' association, "and we. are positive that the legislature will heed a demand backed up by union labor. In that respect our organization has an ad-vantage over any other body that has ever attempted to cope with the Sunday closing problem in Illinois." It is stated that the clerks' association is a part of  the National Federation of Labor, and "expects to secure the cooperation of that body in the contest it proposes to wage during the 1902 session of the law-making body." The president of the association also declared : "The Sunday closing we de-mand will not be objectionable to the great mass of the population ; saloons and other places of popular resort ought not to be included within the purview of the act we demand. The places for the opening of which on Sunday there is no valid excuse are the groceries, meat-markets, bakeries, shoe stores and other retail establishments of a similar char-acter." That is, useful businesses are to be made criminal, while those businesses which make criminals are to be left un-disturbed. Most of the demands made by this clerks' association will commend them-selves as equitable and just, and some of them are to be highly commended. The abolition of child labor in retail stores and workshops, the use of com-fortable seats behind sales counters where women clerks are employed, equal pay for equal work, regardless of sex, and other excellent and praiseworthy ob-jects are avowed. More vigorous even than the clause denouncing Sunday trading is this one regarding long hours : We especially denounce the system of slavery perpetrated upon our fellow clerks by being compelled to labor fourteen or six-teen hours daily to accomplish what could be done in ten, and we will work unceasingly until this inhuman and unnecessary evil is remedied. To educate the masses to "day-light" purchasing shall be our chief aim. The aim here avowed will certainly commend itself to most people, but strange to say no legislation is demanded on this point. With regard to Sunday 