THE Sentinel of Christian Liberty "Proclaim liberty throughout the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25 : 10. VOL. 17. NEW YORK, DECEMBER, 1901. No. I. The Sentinel of Christian Liberty and Its Work. By Alonzo T. Jones. THE Sentinel of Christian Liberty was established, as the American Sentinel, in 1886. As the American Sentinel it was The Sentinel of Christian Liberty, because American principles of liberty as, they then wereŠthe original principles of the Declaration of Independence and the ConstitutionŠwere Christian principles. In the movements and discussion pre-liminary to the making of the nation, it was declared by the American patriots that "to judge for, ourselves, and to en-gage in the exercise of religion agree-ably to the dictates of our own con-sciences, is an inalienable right, which, upon the principles upon which the gos-pel was first propagated and the Refor-mation from popery carried on, can never be transferred to another." That was the keynote of American liberty and independence. The princi-ples upon which the gospel was first propagated and the Reformation from popery carried on, are eternally Chris-tian principles. These being the origi-nal and fundamental principles of Amer-ican liberty, the original and fundamen-tal principles of American liberty were  the principles of Christian liberty ; and the. American Sentinel, established particularly for the maintenance of these principles, was then in essence as now in both name and essence, The Sentinel of Christian Liberty. Even in 1886 there was urgent need of such a Sentinel. That need has steadily increased, and to-day is more urgent than ever. The Sentinel has kept pace with the times ; has met every issue that has developed in the field which it was set to survey; and to-day is, and hopes to remain, still the true Sentinel of Christian Liberty.' In 1886, and even for some time be-fore, the movement to effect the national establishment of the "Christian" relig-ion and national legislation in enforce-ment of it, in the United States, in di-rect antagonism to fundamental Ameri-can, Christian and Protestant princi-ples, and to sweep away the fundamental principle of government from the con- sent of the governed, found such wide acceptance throughout the nation as to be a distinct menace to the liberties of the people, and especially the civil and constitutional liberties of Christians. For 