EDITORIAL. 41 The growth of individual despotism is the certain percursor of governmental despotism, and especially is this true in a republic. Are there any manifestations of individual despotism in the land to-day ? Sunday Forces Active in Massachusetts. The New England Sabbath Protec-tive League scents danger for the Sun-day laws of Massachusetts at the com-ing session of the legislature and has al-ready commenced its campaign to pre-vent any modification of these laws. Strong efforts were made last winter in the legislature toward this end, and it is now said that "already word has come to the League that the movement for a more open hunting season on Sunday will be renewed, and it is expected that the friends of the Sunday golf bill will bring in their petition once more, in spite of their overwhelming defeat at the last session." This quotation is made from a docu-ment which appeared in several of the leading papers of Massachusetts on No-vember 1, and which bears the unmis-takable earmarks of the "Sabbath" Pro-tective League, and no doubt emanated from its headquarters in Tremont Tem-ple, Boston. It consists principally of an article by Senator Hoar on "The Civic Basis of Sunday Laws," which he had written for the November number of the Defender, the organ of this league. Preceding this article, however, comes other things which are no doubt calcu-lated to advance the interests of this league. First it is stated that "the League has been informed of several golf clubs in, Massachusetts which have taken a stand against Sunday golf," and also that "the Lagrange Country Club of Illinois  has voted against Sunday golf." Then comes the statement that "the League is strongly organized,"Ł and a list of the great people connected with the organi-zation is given. Among those named are : Senator George F. Hoar; Senator Frye, of Maine; ex-Governor Page, of Ver-mont; Senator Hawley, of Connecticut; Rev. Dr. George C. Lorimer; Bishop W. F. Mallalieu ; President Warren, of Bos-ton University; Samuel B. Capen, presi-dent of the American Board ; "Father" Thomas Scully, of Cambridgeport ; Mary E. Woolley, president of Mt. Hol-yoke College Mrs. Mary A. Livermore ; ex-Governor Cleaves, of Maine ; ex-Governor Woodbury, of Vermont; Sen-ator Dillingham, of Vermont ; and Bish-op Clark, of Rhode Island. It is added that "many other prominent men and women" are connected with the organi-zation. This array of names is no doubt cal-culated to have great effect, and we hope that it will. It is very significant; it shows that the Sunday enforcement movement, in New England at least, is no insignificant affair. It demonstrates that there is work for somebody to do. in meeting this issue. It is probably true that most of these persons, like Senator Hoar, as is shown by his article given therewith, "do not ,mean to compel any man to any re-ligious observance by law, or to pre-vent by law any religious observance which the conscience of any person de-mands of him; unless it interferes with the rights of others," but the fact that the thing is done under a misapprehen-sion does not change it very much. We are obliged to conclude, on reading Sen-ator Hoar's article, that he honestly be-lieves that the Sunday law is a purely civil matter and that such regulation of Sunday observance comes within the 