RELIGION AND THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS 6or cause it is held as the most sacred and the most important ; and so people feel bound by it after they are willing to surrender almost anything else. And so people de-mandŠthey demand to-day, it is the pop-ular demand in one way or anotherŠthat religion shall still be taught in the public schools. It is taught in a fragmentary way, in a poor and inefficient way; but the majority of the people of this country seem to be in favor of some attempt in that direction. The State's Jurisdiction Confined to this World I wish now to ask you to consider the principles involved, and see what we ought to do. Note now what I said a moment ago, that this country, for the first time in the history of the world on the part of a great nation, has abandoned any claim to dictate in the matter of re-ligion. All religions here are free. All sects are free. All should have equal opportunity before the law, none of them any special favor before the law. Why? In the first place, to put it baldlyŠand you will see that that carries the whole principleŠall the religions have had it as their great aim in the past to prepare people for another world, to see to it that people's souls were saved after death. NowŠlet us put it with perfect frank-ness and freedomŠit is none of the state's business whether my soul is saved in the next world or not. The only concern that the state has with me is to see that I make a good citizen in this world. What becomes of me after I pass the border is my business, and not the busi-ness of the state. Governor Odell has a perfect right, as a man, to join any church and to do anything he can to per-suade other people to join it, to engage earnestly in trying to save people's souls; but, as Governor Odell, he has no concern in this matter and has no right to inter-fere in it. The state has jurisdiction over this world, and not over the next. There is the fundamental principle. The Bible in the Public Schools Now note what the present condition of affairs is. When I was a boy, the New Testament was read the first thing in the morning after the school session began. We read around in turn, each of us reading a verse. I never thought that the effect was one in favor of rever-ence or the cultivation of religion. It was not done with any great seriousness. The children, half the time, did not know what they were reading about ; and it rather tended to flippancy and disrespect towards religion. I understand that in this state to-day the law is that the Bible may be read in the school, but without note or comment on the part of the teacher. Is that law obeyed? I do not know to what extent the matter is carried ; but I do happen to know that in some cases the teachers do comment, and do teach, not religion only, but theology. And do you not know perfectly well that it is practically impossible for a teacher to conduct the reading of the Bible in the schools without its being apparent as to what his own standing and beliefs are, without his having, not a religious, neces-sarily, but a sectarian influence of one kind or another? I believe that the only just, fair, righteous thing is that the Bible should never be read at all in the public schools ; and I will tell you why. But before coming to that, let me touch on one point that I am willing to con-cede as an exception, though I do not think it would be satisfactory to anybody. Every little while somebody tells us how valuable the Bible is as a masterpiece of English. I grant it. President Butler of Columbia has been making a point of it recently, and saying that the Bible ought to be more read and studied by scholars, if for nothing else than that it is such a masterpiece of noble English. Does any-body believe, however, that the way the Bible is ordinarily read in the public schools teaches any child a noble use of 