676 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY deuce had been submitted that they worked on the day specified. The mag-istrate promptly granted this motion, and the trial of McKone proceeded. Mr. Robinson again testified, being the only witness called by the defense. "He stated that it was his belief that the Lord's day was on Saturday, and such to his knowledge was the belief of the defendant, McKone; that they be-longed to a sect known as Seventh-day Adventists, whose members observe the seventh day; .that in his factory Satur-day was observed as the Lord's day, and work was performed on Sunday, but that no machinery was operated on that day, and that in general only necessary work was performed, he ex-plaining the process of manufacture somewhat to show that it was necessary to work some on Sunday when the fac-tory was closed on Saturday." In his argument Attorney Cowan " said there had been no intention on the part of the defendant to do wrong, and pointed out the necessity for Mr. Robinson's running his factory on Sundays in or-der that there might be no loss in the manufacture of the health foods, and that the establishment was not open for business on Sundays." Following the arguments Magistrate Love " said that though his mind was clear as to the merits of the case, on points of law he felt that he was not ready to give a decision just yet, adding, however, that the laws of the country must pre-vail." " He also wished to give Mr. Robinson credit for the manner in which he had given his evidence, which was candid and straightforward." In conclusion he announced that his deci-sion would be rendered one week later, on October 2. We have had no very definite information regarding the mat-ter since, but understand that the de-cision was against Mr. McKone, and that he was fined. Another case is that  of Alfred Bergfeldt, a Seventh-day Ad-ventist who follows the business of bar-bering in Tacoma, Wash., and who was arraigned in the police court in that city on September 30 "for operating his shop on Sundays." Our informa-tion regarding this case is obtained from two dispatches from Tacoma to the Seattle Daily Times, one of them being dated September 30 and the other October 9. The latter read thus: Seventh-day Adventists can be pros-ecuted for working on the Sabbath day in this State, according to a decision in the superior court here in the case of the State against Alfred Bergfeldt. Bergfeldt has been in the habit of re-ligiously closing his barber shop on Sat-urday, in accordance with the tenets of his church Š the Seventh-day Ad-ventists. On Sundays he opened his shop for business, and as it has been the only barber shop open on Sundays, he has had a rushing trade. When the law took the matter up Bergfeldt made a hard fight for his privilege. He con-tended that the divine command to work six days and rest on the seventh was more binding than any earthly law Ł or regulation. In addition, he con-tended that the statute forbidding peo-ple to work on the Sabbath was class legislation. So it seems that the case was carried to the superior court, and that accord-ing to that court seventh-day observ-ers are in no wise exempt from the law's requirement of Sunday observ-ance in that State, at least so far as the requirement relates to barbering. From the first dispatch we learn how the prOsecution originated. " Other shops, ascertaining that his Sunday opening brought Bergfeldt a landslide of business, took the matter before the authorities." This dispatch also stated that " Bergfeldt regularly closes his shop Saturday, which he affirms is the Sabbath of the Bible," and that "while his constant asseveration is that he keeps the Sabbath more devoutly than 