loo THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY to declare that all men are equal in some respects; they are equal in their right to ' life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness.' " " The Łpeople of these United States are the rightful masters of both Con-gresses and courts, not to overthrow the Constitution, but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution." 40 ' " If the policy of the Government, upon vital questions affecting the whole people, is to be irrevocably fixed by decisions of the Supreme Court . . . the people will have ceased to be their own rulers." Ł " I insist that if there is anything which it is the duty of the whole people never to intrust to any hands but their own, that thing is the preservation and per-petuity of their own liberties and institu- tions." Ł " A majority held in restraint by Con-stitutional checks and limitations, and al-ways changing easily with deliberate changes of popular opinions and senti-ments, is the only true sovereign of a free people." O Public sentiment is everything. With public, sentiment, nothing can fail ; with-out it, nothing can succeed. Conse-quently, he who molds public sentiment goes deeper than he who enacts statutes or pronounces decisions. He makes stat-utes and decisions possible or impossible to be executed." Ł " Those arguments that are made, that the inferior races are to be treated with as.  much allowance as they are capable of. enjoying, that as much is to be done for them as their condition will allow ŠWhat are these arguments ? They are the arguments that kings have made for enslaving the people in all ages of the world." The present President of the United States has declared in a magazine article that he has " scant patience with those who make a pretense of humanitarianism to hide and cover their timidity, and who cant about liberty ' and the consent of the governed' in order to excuse them-selves for their unwillingness to play the part of men." The greatest man that has yet played a part in the political life of the American nation " canted " consider-ably about liberty ' and the consent of the governed,' " and to that fact is due his greatness. There was a man by the name of Stephen A. Douglas who had " scant patience " with this " canting " of his " about liberty ' and the consent of the governed,' " but to-day the memory of Stephen A. Douglas is as nothing com-pared with that of Abraham Lincoln. In the estimation of those who know what makes a man, the one is a pigmy while the other is a giant. And yet in his day Douglas was perfectly sure that it was he who was playing the part of a man, and that Lincoln was making " a pre-tense of humanitarianism." Whatever others may think, we are of the opinion that Lincoln, who, to the great disgust of Douglas, " canted " continually " about liberty ' and the consent of the gov-erned,' " was the man who indeed played the part of a man. The fact that the President of the United States not only has " scant patience " with those who urge that regard shall be had for the fun-damental principles of the nation, but publishes the fact far and wide, is a very significant sign of the times. Ł In complacently noting the establish-ment of Dutch sovereignty over the Sul-tan of Achin in Sumatra, with whom it says Holland has been fighting for a gen-eration, the New York Tribune remarks that " there will be hearty satisfaction at the removal of this long defunct fly from the pot of otherwise fragrant ointment. 