SUNDAY-LAW OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA AGAIN 45 they are now prosecuting is but to use the old excuse which has met every reformer since the time of Moses. "Why don't you do it in some other way ?" "Why don't you do something else? " Such have always been the cries with which reform has been met by its enemies. . . . It seems to me, judging from the attitude of some on this question, that Philadelphia is saw-ing off the limb on which she is stand-ing, but she does not know it; but like the man in the story, she will find out when the fall comes. Experience is an expensive teacher, but some people will learn in no other school. It is sincerely to be hoped that the Philadelphia " Sabbath " enforcers, who seem determined to receive in-struction in no other way, will learn from the experience which is coming to them. We quote now from a communi- cation by John N. Quinn, of Battle Creek, Mich. (formerly of Philadel- phia), published on December 26: Having read an account of the cou-rageous stand you have taken against the blue-law crusade, allow me to add a word of appreciation. It makes one sick at heart to read of professed fol-lowers of Him who went about, not as a spy seeking to deprive men and women of God-given rights, but doing good, and only good, to all, engaging in such work as that of the Philadel-phia -"Sabbath" Association. In Luke 9: 51-56, an incident is recorded which reveals the spirit of the Man of Naz-areth in contrast with that of his un-enlightened followers of those days, and the equally unenlightened mem-bers of the " Sabbath" associations of our day. The Samaritans refused to receive him, which so angered the dis-ciples that they made the request, "Wilt thou that we command fire to come down out of heaven and devour them? " " Ye know not what manner of spirit we are of," was the Master's reply, "for the Son of man came not to destroy men's lives, but to save them." Again he declares : "If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not, for I came not to  judge the world, but to save the world." John 12 : 47. When the Lord of glory refuses to judge men, and consequently refuses to punish, as judgment always precedes punishment, then what right has any one professing the name of Christ to have men and women brought before the bar and judged for violation of a law which is purely religious ? That which is civilly right on Monday is certainly civilly right on Sunday or any other day of the week. To enforce religious tenets by civil power is to make out of men either martyrs or hypocrites. The honest man cannot surrender his con-science, hence he suffers. Some pro-fess obedience to the law rather than suffer, which results in hypocrisy. The work of every preacher of the gospel is to make Christians out of men ; the work of the Philadelphia "Sabbath" Association, and every as-sociation of a kindred nature, is to drive men away from Christ. Enforce-ment of law never converts the heart. Love Š the love of God Š that love which thinketh no evil, which suffereth long and is kind Š preached and re-vealed in the life will win men to Christ. I say to the members of the "Sabbath" Association: Study the life of the Master whom you profess to serve; obey his teachings, and the blessings of God will come upon you so richly that you will blush to think you ever made use of a policeman's club in the service of the religion of Jesus Christ. On December 28, the day that the Public Ledger's leading editorial was devoted to "The Blue-Law Move- ment," seven communications on the subject were presented on its editorial page, all but two of them being in sup- port of its attitude and in condemna-tion of the Sunday-law crusade. One of the two was from W. W. Wallace, of Philadelphia, and from it we quote : For many years I have been one of your constant readers, with hearty commendations of the Public Ledger as a clean, reliable newspaper and a ju-dicious conservator of public morals. I am, however, constrained to express 