/az 000E0).11 OF CEROTETBAR, LilLZEMY Vol.. XVIII WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1903. No. 47     To treat the grow- Many Questions ing issue concerning Raised religion and educa- tion in this country as though it were an issue merely over the principle and practise of separation of church and state would be to give it very partial treatment indeed. It does present an issue, and an important issue, over the principle and practise of separation of church and state, and of course that is the phase of the matter with which The Sentinel is concerned. But this cannot be dealt with properly and justly if other and deeper phase's of the matter are ignored. As is plain from the re-port of the recent vigorous public dis-cussion of the matter that we have given, it raises a number of questions aside from that directly affecting the principle of separation of church and state, most of which are by no means as plain and easy of solution, and some of which are among the deepest to which the mind can be directed, being fundamental and basic to both religion and education. It will be well to state the questions that have been raised, which we do in the following hastily prepared list of questions that in many cases shade into one another: Is the secular educational system respon-sible for the prevailing and apparently increasing corruption, lawlessness, and religious unbelief and skepticism? Does the absence of religious teaching in the public schools entail moral, social and political evils that its presence would prevent? Is it indispensable to the  moral and religious welfare of the young and of society that secular and religious training be combined? Does the non-religious training of the public school system hinder and distort moral and religious development? Is instruc-tion without religion antagonistic to religion Do parochial and religious schools, "as a matter of fact, turn out more exemplary and more valuable members of society than are those who get their education in the public schools?" Are the children educated in such schools better morally, either before or after graduation, than the average of those trained in the public schools? Does the training of such schools insure piety and security against religious infidelity? Is the re-ligious training that is desired by those who are demanding a modification of the public school system in the interests of religious teaching really religious training, or is it only perfunctory in-struction in religious theories, and no more potent for forming character than other intellectual exercise ? Is public education the function of the state or is it the function of the church? Which is better adapted for the work and can secure the best results for society? Is the church especially really qualified to attend to and control education in general? Would it be wise and safe to leave this work to the church, and would the condition of society be any better if the church controlled educa-tion instead of the state ? To what ex-tent should the state educate I Is it 