732 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the pope delayed so long that the sover-reigns and the nobles grew weary. The emperor appeared before a diet at Frank-fort, and complained of the obduracy of the pope. The diet declared that he had done enough to satisfy the pope, and, since it was' all in vain, they pronounced null and void the excommunications and all the other papal proceedings in the case. And, at a diet at Rhense, July 16, 1337, at which all but one of the electors were present, the imperial office was de-clared independent of the Papacy. "They solemnly agreed that the Holy Roman Empire, and they, the prince-elec-tors, had been assailed, limited, and ag-grieved in their honors, rights, customs, and liberties ; that they would maintain, guard, assert those rights against all and every one without exception ; that no one would obtain dispensation, absolution, relaxation, abolition of his own vow ; that he should be, and was declared to be, faithless and traitorous before God and man, who should not maintain all this against any opponent whatsoever." Au-gust 8 following, a diet, held again at Frankfort, "passed as a fundamental law of the empire a declaration that the im-perial dignity and power are from God alone; that an emperor elected by the concordant suffrage, or a majority of the electoral suffrages, has plenary imperial power, and does not need the approba-tion, confirmation, or authority of the pope, or the Apostolic See, or any other." In response to this Benedict declared the throne vacant, and named himself as protector of the empire. But death pre-vented him from any further aggression. An epitaph describes him as "a Nero, death to the laity, a viper to the clergy, without truth, a mere cup of wine." To the customary vices of the popes of the times, he added that of drunkenness to such a degree that his example gave rise to the proverb, "As drunk as a pope."  He was succeeded by Clement VI. (May 7, 1342, to Dec. 6, 1352). THE PAPAL COURT A PLACE OF WEALTH, SPLENDOR, LUXURY, AND COR-RUPTION What little check had been put upon the hangers-on at the palace by Benedict XII. was more than swept away by Clement VI. He actually published a let-ter giving notice that "all poor clergy who would present themselves at Avig-non within two months, should partake of his bounty." An eye-witness declares that a hundred thousand greedy appli-cants crowded the streets of Avignon. "If Clement acted up to his maxim, that no one ought to depart unsatisfied from the palace of a prince, how vast and inex-haustible must have been the wealth and preferment at the disposal of the pope !" Where Benedict XII. hesitated to fill ecclesiastical vacancies because of the dearth of those worthy to fill them, Clement VI. not only filled all the vacan-cies that could be found, but a great num-ber of bishoprics and abbacies he declared vacant in order that he might fill them. This was for revenue, because every ap-pointment to a vacancy brought a con-siderable sum of money, according to the dignity and wealth of the position. When it was objected that no former pope had assumed this power, he merely answered : "They knew not how to act as pope." "If Clement was indulgent to others, he was not less so to himself. The court at Avignon became the most splendid, perhaps the gayest, in Christendom. The Provencals might almost think their bril-liant and chivalrous counts restored to power and enjoyment. The papal palace spread out in extent and magnificence. The young art of painting was fostered by the encouragement of Italian artists. The pope was more than royal in the 