646 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY - ing ; but the Lord's day of the early Christian church, a ' voluntary and cheerful setting apart of a. day for spiritual refreshment and worship, which can manifestly be governed by no statute more specific than the uni-versal law of love to God and man, interpreted by the example of Jesus. Unfortunately there are no indica-tions that there is entertained in the other great religious bodies any doubt as to the rightfulness and propriety, though there may be as to the expe-diency, of the appeal to " the religious sanctions of Sabbath observance " in behalf of the demand for Sunday " legalism."- But evidently the Bap-tists cannot entirely forget the great principle, so applicable to this Sunday question, which, because of his noble devotion to it, has made the name and memory of the Baptist, Roger Wil-liams, illustrious. As to whether or not Sabbath observance is " governed by no law more specific than the uni-versal law of love to God and man," we are not concerned here, though we may remark that what this leading Baptist paper says on this point is worthy of note as indicative of just how definite is the foundation and au-thority for an observance that is com-monly held in the churches to rest upon a specific and positive divine command, and which owes its legal character and the bulk of its present support as a " civil " institution to the assumption of such divine com-mand for its observance. We are con-cerned here only with that portion of the statement which has to do with the relation of the Sunday institution and the civil law, and we are most glad to see the idea plainly set forth by a religious paper that the religious 'and " Christian use of Sunday " is a matter with which the civil law can have nothing whatever to do ; that, to put it in a slightly different way, the  civil law can.  have nothing to do with Sunday as a religious or Christian in-stitution. This is the vital thing in this question of Sunday and the civil law Š the point upon which the whole matter turns ; and it is gratifying in these days of religious clamor for the enforcement of " our American Chris-tian Sabbath " to have a prominent organ of one of the great denomina-tions say this. But this would have been more gratifying had it not come coupled with something else which strips it of its force. Notice how in-geniously this Baptist paper, having,. departed somewhat from the simplic-ity and integrity of the gospel of re-ligious freedom as proclaimed by Roger Williams, holds forth the idea that there are two spheres in this mat-ter of Sunday observance and " regu- lation the " civil sphere " and the " religious sphere." Now we deny absolutely that there are by right any two such spheres. We deny absolutely that by right Sunday has any civil sphere in any sense that Wednesday or any other day does not have. And we deny that anybody can hold to the principle for which Roger WilliamsŁ  stood and at the same time hold that Sunday must have special considera-tion by the civil law, a " protection that is not given equally to all other days, we care not what may be the character, " civil " or otherwise, that may be alleged in support of this spe-cial and peculiar treatment. Any " sphere " that Sunday has beyond or different from the " sphere " of any other day is religious, and anybody who attempts to get around this and by argument to invest the day with a non-religious character that is different from that possessed by other days, is simply trying to substitute sophistry for fact. And anybody who contends for and defends Sunday legislation Ł Ł 