30 . THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The Utica (N. Y.) Press of December 21 reported : "A week ago yesterday three Utica sportsmen went to Remsen, where they shot three habbits. A Ł couple of days later one of them was astonished to receive a call from a Rem- . sen officer, who charged him with hunt- ing on the Sabbath. The Utican obeyed the summons to appear before a Remsen justice, and paid a fine of $7.50. Later in the week another member of the party was served with papers, and set-tled for a similar amount. They will do no more shooting up Remsen way on the Sabbath. There is a section of the law that prohibits `all shooting, hunt-ing, and fishing on the first day of the week, and all noise disturbing the peace of the day,' but it has not always been customary in this part of the State to enforce it against hunters and an-glers." W. T. Wood, a grocer of Des Moines, Iowa, who has recently .been twice ar-rested and prosecuted at the instance of the local retail grocers' association "on the charge of violating the Sunday law," and each time acquitted, has turned upon his prosecutors, or perse-cutors. On December 21 he "filed two petitions with the clerk of the district court asking $5,000 damages in each case against the retail grocers' associa-tion for alleged malicious prosecution." "The petitions set out the dates of the two separate times that Wood was ar-rested upon the complaint of the retail grocers, on the charge of breaking the Sabbath," and "allege that the prose-cutions against him were instituted without reasonable or probable cause, and that the defendant maliciously, wilfully, and wrongfully caused the arrests and made the prosecutions." Mr. Wood claims that as the result of the actions of the defendant " his health has been damaged, his mind greatly disturbed, and that he has sus-tained damage to his reputation in the amount of $2,500 in each case, to which amount he asks the court to assess the further sum of $2,500 as ex-emplary damages." Whether mali-cious or not, Sunday4aw prosecutions are a form of injury to which no man or woman should be subjected, and for  which the law should afford no basis whatever. Strict enforcement of the Sunday law against saloons has been inaugu-rated at Little Rock, Ark., where "for the past two months the Sunday sa-loons have all been forced to close tight on Sunday between the hours of 9 a. ni. and 1 p. m., but have kept open the rest of the. day, paying a fine of $25 the following Monday." But now they are no longer to be allowed to disregard any of that portion of time which the law undertakes to make everybody re-spect and observe as "holy." In a public statement on December 21 Mayor Lenon said : "I have called upon City Attorney Cockrill to pros-ecute each violator of the Sunday-clos-ing law to the fullest extent of the law. I have instructed the officers to see that all saloons are kept closed from mid-night Saturday to midnight Sunday, and the proprietors of all places found Open between those hours will he pros-ecuted. This keeping open of saloons on Sunday must stop, and with the council and city officers backing me up, I am sure my efforts will succeed. Of-fenders cannot escape with the pay-ment of $25 fine for each Sunday. The city attorney holds that the maximum fine is $100, and all will be fined this amount hereafter. The law provides the fine for the keeping open of the door of a saloon for ingress or egress, as well as for the sale of beer and liquors." It is stated by a local paper that "nearly all the saloonmen agree that it would be better if all saloons were closed all day Sunday." We are of the opinion that it would be better if they were closed all day every day. The fact that nearly all the saloonmen agree to their closing all day Sunday shows that their closing all day Sun-day does not interfere with the liquor traffic. Certain saloon-keepers of Las Vegas, N. M., having been "indicted for the violation of the Sunday-observance law," were recently "called before Chief Justice W. J. Mills," who "lec-tured them severely upon the necessity of observing the existing laws." 