"Lest We Forget" Ł By W. N. Glenn I T is often said that "history repeats itself," but many who glibly quote the phrase too often forget that this is true because human nature, and therefore human inclination, is ever the same. For-getting this fact, men continue to say, "If we had been in the days of our fathers we would not have been par-takers with them in the blood of the prophets." The present craze of political relig-ionists for religious politics comes of forgetting, or refusing to recognize, that all pagan politics was religious, and that all heathen, and Mohammedan, and Ro-man, and Russian politics is religious. The effort to build up a so-called Chris-tian political condition in the United States is a result of forgetting, or refus-ing to recognize, the fact that Christ and His apostles never taught any kind of political doctrine. Christ said that His kingdom was not of this world, and He made a clear-cut distinction between the church and all secular government. Peter said that "we ought to obey God rather than men," even when religious rulers had given the commands which he ig-nored. Paul said to the flock, "Be ye not unequally yoked together with un-believers." John, looking forward to the last days, described the union of church and state as the woman (the church) making all nations drunk with the wine of her fornication. Of that pure, non-po-litical gospel preached by Christ and His immediate successors, Paul said : "Though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed." Men who advocate religious politics seem to forget that the bitterest contests among men have been those actuated by religious enthusiasm, and the most relent- less of these have been waged in the name of the Christian religion. They also seem to forget that these contests have been made possible by the connection of re-ligion with civil government; and as far as the Christian religion has been con-cerned, they have been made possible by laws ostensibly in the interest of Chris-tianity, but which were decidedly un-Christian in principle, because Christian-ity enforces nothing by human law. While it may not be forgotten that these things were true in ancient times, and in the Old World, Americans are too prone to fol-get that religious politics once prevailed in our "asylum for the oppressed." While so many earnest and apparently well-meaning people are shut-ting their eyes to the inevitable conse-quences of intermingling religion and civ-il government, even in America, it seems to be a plain duty to reniind the read-ing public that there have been times in the past when those who have themselves suffered bitter persecution through the religious laws enacted by civil govern-ments, have themselves, when opportu-nity offered, become persecutors through the same subtle means. A work entitled "Religion in America," published over half a century ago, gives the following information regarding the working of this principle in New England in the sev-enteenth century: "It [the union of the church with the government] gave rise to internal difficul-ties of the gravest nature with such of the colonists as were not disposed to agree to all the measures by which it was car-ried out, and led to the adoption of the harshest proceedings against those per-sons. One of the first cases of this kind was that of Roger Williams, in 1633-35, and it shook the colony to its center. That remarkable man had been educated 