4 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY weeks ago is correct, the notorious Pobie-donostseff, Procurator-General of the " Holy " Synod in Russia, retires from office with the beginning of this year. Pobiedonostseff has occupied what The Independent styles " the most impor-tant office in the Russian Empire" since 1881, and is noted as " the strongest ene-my of liberal ideas in Russia." He has been always " the champion of autocracy in government and of orthodoxy in the church." He has " more than once pre-vented the carrying out of plans which would have made the government of the Czar*less of a despotism than it is," and " has successfully resisted every move-ment in the direction of constitutional re-form." As Procurator-General of the " Holy " Synod he not only had entire control of ecclesiastical affairs in the Russian Empire, but was at the head of one of the four great executive boards or councils of the Russian government. He has been described as " a thin, dry, blood-less, emotionless ascetic," clerical in dress, methodical in habits, and destitute of humor. Pobiedonostseff was really a genuine " National Reformer," and his career is an example of what a person possessed with " National Reform " ideas will do when he has sufficient power and opportunity. Ł About a month ago a dispatch from Rome announced that the Pope had been afforded " lively satisfaction " by " the account of the first meeting at Manila between Governor Taft and Archbishop Guidi." He " was gratified at Governor Taft's endoriement of the appointment," and " said the Archbishop did right to appeal to Governor Taft for perfect frankness." He " expressed pleasure at his selection of Archbishop Guidi for apostolic delegate in the Philippines, say-ing he" was sure he was the right man for the place." We wonder if it was in the truly papal utterance given below that  the " apostolic delegate " appealed to Governor Taft for " perfect frankness," and demonstrated that " he was the right man for the place." We quote from the first public address of the " apostolic del-egate " to Governor Taft : It will be my first and principal thought to see that your authority is upheld and respected everywhere in the islands by those dependent on me, and I need hardly say that I expect your excellency to do the same for mine and for all the authorities of the church in general. It is gratifying to note that Governor Taft gave no countenance in his reply--to this virtual bid for church and state union. He gave it to be understood that the property and rights of " the Church " under the law would be observed and protected by the government, but he gave no intimation that the government was desirous of enlisting the services of Roman Catholic ecclestiastics in uphold-ing its authority, or that it had any inten-tion of having anything to do with up-holding the authority of " the Church?! Ł THE SENTINEL is not opposed to any good cause, nor to any good work that is being done by any who may be pushing what seems to it to be an evil cause. But is is opposed toŁsome things that are bad that are often found in such close rela-tionship with things that are good that to oppose them seems to be opposing the good. We do not oppose the union of Christians and churches for the purpose of doing better the work that they should do. But when this union takes the form of combinations for looking after the enactment and enforcement of legislation it seems to us that, however commendable may be the ends sought in themselves, it promises more of evil than of good. It is not good for society for a church com-bination to be using its legal machinery for its own ends, never mind how good those ends may be ; and it is exceedingly bad for the church to get into the habit of doing her work by means of legislation 