362 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY them are two separate things entirely. Na-tions may work themselves into a frenzy of rapture over their boundless gen-erosity, benevolence and love of liberty, humanity, etc., while they are conquer-ing and extending their sovereignty over another people, but when it comes to re-linquishing any of that sovereignty or releasing the people from the heavy bur-dens of taxation, a change comes over the spirit of their dream, and they are astonished that anybody should think they are going to deny themselves for ' anybody else. The most insignificant of "home" interests will always outweigh the most far-reaching and vital interests of the dependent people. And this fact, which embodies exactly what imperial-ism is, the American people have for several months had ample opportunity to see demonstrated in the conspicuous ob-ject-lesson that has been before them. TheŁ way to avoid the tyranny of "home" interests over the home interests of other peoples is to quit trying to subject one nation to the rule of another, for so long as this is attempted the interests of the dependent people will be sacrificed al-ways. The demand of the most obscure fraction of citizens will always be heark-ened to in preference to the pleas of mil-lions of subjects. The only cure is to quit the subject business. We had meant to consider in this ar-ticle the case of the Philippines, regard-ing which there is a great deal that might be said, but we shall have to be brief. Regarding the brutal barbarities which the country now knows have been long practised by the American soldiers in the Philippines, we will speak later. The war in the Philippines, which has now been going on for more than three years, and which is a war of criminal ag-gression if there can be such a thing in fhe sense in which President McKinley once used the term (and there can be), is not over, notwithstanding the period-ical declarations to the contraray, except that it is over in the Philippines and it is likely to remain over in them for some time to come. General Chaffee has declared with reference to the peo-ple of Luzon, the Visayas, and Mindanao that they "are all traitors to American sovereignty," which means that they refuse to give up the hope of national independence. Mr. J. G. Schurman, who ought to know, de-clares that the sentiment of nationality and independence is ineradicable in the Filipinos, and that these three years of war has only developed and strength-ened it. He says there cannot be found "in all the islands a single Filipino who favors colonial dependence upon the United States." They want independ-ence or admission into the Union, and unless they have one or the other the policy of forcible subjugation can never be discontinued. But they will not be allowed to come into the Union, and the Government of the United States con-tinues now, as it has from the beginning, to refuse to give them any encourage-ment whatever for independence, unless that rather ambiguous passage in the President's message which expresses the hope of making "them fit for self-govern-ment after the fashion of really free na-tions," is something of that sort. In the light of Dr. Lyman Abbott's exposition of this expression, and his expositions have coincided quite thoroughly with the course of the Government so far, it will take about nine hundred and ninety-nine years for the Filipinos to reach the place where they will be granted their inde-pendence, for the Doctor goes back to the time of William the Conqueror to find the beginning of the "fitting" process which made America "fit" for independ-ence. But certain it is that the Government 