"FEUDAL AMERICA" 345 the old. The cotters will be pushed fur-ther back into isolation, and the sub-tenants will be confined to the grubbing away at their ill-recompensed labors. It is with the eighth class, the villeins of farm and wood and mine, that we have here to deal. The ancient ceremony of "homage," the swearing of personal fi-delity to the lord, is trasformed into that of the beseeching of the foreman for work. The wage system, with its me-chanical simplicity, continuing in force, there is an absence of the old exactions of special work from the employed vil-lein. A mere altering of the wage scale appropriates to the great noble whatever share of the product he feels he may safely demand for himself. Thus "week-work," the three or four days' toil in each week which the villein had to give unrecompensed, to the lord, and "boon-work," the several days of extra toil three or four times a year, will never be revived. Even the company store, the modern form of feudal exaction, will in time be given up, for at best it is but a clumsy and offensive makeshift, and defter and less irritating means are at hand for reaching the same result. . . . The raw materials gathered, the scene of operations shifts from the country to the cities and great towns. But many of the latter will lose, during the transition period [of society] a considerable part of their greatness, from the shutting up of needless factories and the concentra-tion of production in the larger work-shops. There will thus be large dis-placements of labor, and for a time a wide extension of suffering. Popular discontent will naturally follow, and ;t will be fomented, to some extent, by agi-tation ; but the agitation will be guarded in expression and action, and it will be relatively barren of result.. The possible danger therefrom will have been pro-vided agniﬂst, and a host of economists, Ł preachers and editors will be ready to show indisputably that the evolution tak-ing place is for the best interests of all; that it follows a "natural and inevitable law ;" that those who have been thrown out of work'have only their own incom- Ł incom-petency to blame ; that all who really want work can get it, and that any inter-ference with the prevailing regime will be sure to bring on a panic, which will only make matters worse. Hearing this, the multitude will hesitatingly acqui-esce and thereupon subside; and though occasionally a radical journal or a radical agitator will counsel revolt, the mass will remain quiescent. Gradually, too, by one method or another, sometimes by the direct action of the nobility, the greater part of the displaced workers will find some means of getting bread, while those who cannot will be elimi-nated from the struggle and cease to be a potential factor for trouble. In its general aspects shop industry will be carried on much as now. Only the shops will be very much larger, the individual and total output will be great- Ł er, the unit cost of production will be lessened. Wages and hours will for a time continue on something like the pres-ent level ; but, despite the persistence of the unions, no considerable gains in be-half of labor are to be expected. . . Practically all industry will be regu- lated in terms of wages, and the entre-preneurs, who will then have become the chief salaried officers of the nobles, will calculate to a hair the needful production for each year. Waste and other losses will thus be reduced to a minimum. A vast scheme of exact systematization will have taken the place of the old free competition, and industry will be carried on as by clockwork. Gradually a change will take place in the aspirations and conduct of the young-er generations. Heretofore there has 