THE SENTINEL, OF LIBERTY. 359 caravan trade from the East. Even the ruins of Tad-mor are a wonder, and what magnificence must have been displayed when it stood in its splendor ! "'I planted me vineyards ; I made me gardens and orchards, and I planted trees in them of all kinds of fruits.' Literally, 'I made me paradises'Šbeautiful parks for pleasure grounds. The principal one was at Etham, about six miles from Jerusalem. To this place he would go in the morning, in stately progress, dressed in snow-white raiment ; riding in his chariot of state, which was made of the finest 'cedar, decked with gold and silver and purple, and carpeted with the costliest tapestry worked by the daughters of Jerusa-lem ; and attended by a body-guard of sixty valiant men, of the tallest and handsomest of the young men of all Israel arrayed in Tyrian purple, with their long black hair, freshly sprinkled with gold-dust every day, glittering in the sun. " 'I made me pools of water, to water therewith the wood that bringeth forth trees.' These were necessary to keep his parks fresh and beautiful. There were three notable pools built in the side of the valley of Edom. The upper pool was 38o feet long, 236 feet wide at the eastern end and 229 at the western, and 25 feet deep. One hundred and sixty feet from this was the middle pool, 423 feet long, 25o feet broad at the eastern end, and i6o at the western, and 3o feet deep. Two hundred and forty-eight feet from the middle pool lay the lower pool, 582 feet long, 207 feet wide at the eastern end, and 148 at the western, and 5o feet deep. They were partly hewn out of the solid rock, and partly built of masonry. All were lined with ce-ment ; all had flights of steps from top to bottom ; and all three were connected together by conduits, and with Jerusalem by an aqueduct, so that not only his paradise at Etham, but also the city of Jerusalem, was supplied with water from them.' " Solomon spent twenty years in building his own royal house and the temple of the Lord. Never had Israel seen such a glorious era. Never had times seemed so prosperous or prospects for the future so bright. Empire brought a desire for conquest ; con-quest brought wealth ; wealth brought magnificence ; wealth and magnificence brought luxury ; luxury bred vice ; and vice gave birth to ruin. And in a few brief years the magnificent fabric of governmental power which Solomon had built up lay bleaching on the sands of time, a stranded, dismantled hulk. P. T. MAGAN. The Creator is the only being in all the universe who has any right to require of any man the doing of anything under penalty of sin. "Republic or Empire?" May 24 ex-Governor Boutwell of Massachusetts, a life-long Republican, eighty-two years of age and of course with no political ambition, made a speech in Cooper Institute, New York, in which he uttered some truths well worth repeatingŠtruths which should be carefully considered by everybody without partisan prejudice. Governor Boutwell did not content himself with a statement of abstract principles. He doubtless felt it necessary to make the application to men and parties as they exist and as they have ranged themselves, or are now ranging themselves on the question at issue. So far as we are concerned we care nothing about men or parties. The Sentinel has no political ax to grind. We do, however, believe that the nation is in great danger of taking a step that will be fatal to re-publicanismŠ"government of the people, by the peo-ple, and for the people"Šand which will bind us as a nation for all time to military imperialism. "There are indications," said the venerable ex-Gov-ernor, "that attempts are making to so construe the Constitution as to justify the policy of seizing, through war, foreign lands and alien peoples, and governing them as they might be governed if the Constitution of the United States did not exist. It is the manifest pur-pose * * * to seize and to hold countries and to govern races and communities outside of the jurisdic-tion of the Constitution. Thus is the administration creating a power in the president and Congress inde-pendent of the Constitution, and over which the people can have no control. It is with that usurpation that I am now to deal. The question before the country is this : Republic or empire ?" Coming at once to the real question at issue, Gov-ernor Boutwell said of THE JURISDICTION OF THE CONSTITUTION: "Of many propositions that may be laid down concerning the Constitution of the United States, no one can be more worthy of universal acceptance than this, namely : The Constitution cannot, of its own force, apply to territory that is not of the United States. "A second proposition, which seems to justify itself without argument, is this: The Constitution by its own force applies equally and everywhere and always to every part of the United States. "In elucidation and support of the first proposition, if that proposition is open to debate, it may be said that it was not in the power of the men who made the Con-stitution, nor of the people and states that ratified it, to have it applicable to Great Britain, to the Philippines, or to the island of Porto Rico, that was then under the dominion of Spain. "If, then, the first proposition must be accepted as an indisputable truth, it follows, inevitably, that the Constitution does not give power, and, in fine, that the Constitution could not have given power to Con- 