EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT  805 which cannot be enforced without par-tiality and discrimination should not be enforced, but should be abolished. Another Sunday- The activity and in-Enforcement Or- fluence of the Phila- ganization  delphia "Sabbath" Association is not confined entirely to that city. It is always on guard against any modification of the State Sunday law, and whenever any meas-ure to that end is proposed it arouses opposition to it throughout the State and leads the forces which fight it at Harrisburg. And now it seems that it has led in the formation of a State organization, the Pennsylvania State "Sabbath" Association, which was or-ganized at a "State convention of the friends of Sabbath obesrvanee" in ses-sion at. the Market Street Church. in Harrisburg on November 16 and 17. At the annual meeting of the Philadel-phia organization on October 27 Secre-tary Mutchler informed the board of directors "that the outlook was prom-ising for the success of the State con-vention of Sabbath observance associa-tions at Harrisburg in November," and in the reports we are told that "Philadelphia champions of the Sun-day laws were foremost" in the con-vention. Among those from Philadel-phia taking an active part in the con-vention were : Dr. Mutchler, of the "Sabbath" Association; Rev. Floyd Tomkins, Holy Trinity Church ; Rev. Kerr Boyce Tupper, First Baptist Church ; Rev. Stewart Herman, who read a paper prepared by Rev. Chas. A. Fry, of St. Luke's Lutheran Church, Philadelphia; and these delegates sent by the Philadelphia Presbytery : Rev. L. Y. Graham, Olivet Presbyterian Church; Rev. Hughes 0. Gibbons, Old Pine Street Presbyterian Church ; and Elders W. W. Wallace and Henry Gara. There can be no doubt but that the Philadelphia contingent predomi-nated in the convention which formed this new Sunday-enforcement organiza-tion. Drs. McClurkin of Pittsburg and Boyce of Philadelphia in addresses "urged on the new organization the importance of keeping the Christian Sunday free from desecration," and in a. paper on "The Value of Law and the Imoprtance of Its Proper Enforce-ment," Dr. Gibbons, who is president of the so-called Law and Order Society of Philadelphia, "maintained that the church should insist on the enforcement of all laws for the suppression of crime, and classed the desecration of Sunday as one of the greatest evils." And so the church, in her suppression of crime by law, will rate Sunday "desecra-tion" as one of the greatest of evils to be thus suppressed ! The organization of the State "Sabbath" Association was effected at "a mass-meeting pre-sided over by Senator Heidelba-agh, of Lancaster County, chairman of the State senate law and order committee, which at the last session of the legisla-ture reported unfavorably upon the Berkelbach bill to repeal the Sunday-closing law." Dr. W. H. McMillin, of Philadelphia, was elected president, and T. T. Mutchler was made cor-responding secretary. One report says its object is "to prevent the repeal of the Sunday laws and to secure their en-forcement," and another that it is "to preserve Sunday from desecration," which of course means the same thing. The first work, it is said, will be the for-mation of local "Sabbath" associations "all over the State." Evidently the question of Sunday enforcement is not only to continue a live one in Philadel-phia but is to become such through the whole State if the plans of the Philadel-phia "Sabbath" leaders are carried out. This is good ; it will turn the at-tention of the people to the antiquated 