EDITORIAL 785 distinction being made between the sale of beer and distilled liquors, but between the sale of the absolute necessaries of life and distilled liquors. We see very little reason for the distinction that the liquor interests have refused to make ; there is every reason in the world for the distinc-tion that the church interests refuse to make. A man who advocates Sunday legisla-tion and enforcement should be the last person on earth to proclaim the inalien-able right of a man to work "when or where" he chooses. But such is the strange and peculiar character of human nature and of the human mind that men can frequently be seen contending franti-cally for a principle at one point while trampling it under their feet at another. This thought is suggested by the preach-ing of a sermon on "The Right to Work" by Rev. Dr. David James Burrell at the Marble Collegiate Church in this city on the evening of October 12. We quote some of Dr. Burrell's strongest declara-tions with regard to the right to work, elsewhere. It is peculiar that of all the ministers in New York who have made the coal strike or some phase of it the subject of a sermon, Dr. Burrell, an ac-tive National Reformer and an ardent supporter and advocate of Sunday legis-lation and enforcement, is the only one who has selected and spoken upon the topic, "The Right to Work." This is a right with which National-Reformers and Sunday enforcement advocates generally are sadly in need of becoming acquainted, for we know of no class of persons in this country who have shown a greater igno-rance with regard to it, or else a greater determination and persistence to override it knowingly, than that class which has long insisted and continually insists that honest toil shall be absolutely prohibited  and prevented by law on the first day of the week. In view of what for months was a mat-ter of great interest to the whole nation, and which for several weeks was the one matter of supreme public concern, it would be well for you to read again care-fully the article in THE SENTINEL for August on "A Dangerous Tendency." And in view of the thing of which that situation and the manner of its ending are but striking manifestations, and of which there are to be more and more se-rious manifestations of similar character in the future, it would be well for you not only to read that article carefully, but to follow up the study of what is there but little more than suggestedŠto be-come so thoroughly acquainted with the history of the establishment of one-man power in the Republic of Rome and with present tendencies that are leading on toward the establishment of one-man power in the Republic of the United States, that you may have no difficulty in seeing history repeat itself, as it is cer-tainly doing; and that you may, know what is to be the outcome of tendencies and problems that are now puzzling the ablest men. In the next number of THE SENTINEL we will present as best we can those features of the great industrial struggle that has just ended which go to show that the history of Republican Rome is being repeated in Republican America. In THE SENTINEL Of August I last year attention was called to the fact that the question of .religious instruction in the public schools had been submitted to the supreme court of Nebraska on com-plaint of Mr. Daniel S. Freeman, a citi-zen of Gage County, Neb., who objected to Bible reading, prayer, and the singing of hymns in the school attended by his 