22 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY " forbidding keeping galleries open on Sunday, but it failed to pass by one vote." Another Step Away from Con- stitutional Government HOWEVER necessary it may have bden, and however commendable in itself, it is certain that when the President of the United States undertook as he did to settle the coal strike he took a step that must be regarded as one of the most significant developments that have yet been brought to pass by the struggle be-tween capital and labor in this country. Commenting on the recent passage by Congress of the bill providing for the compensation of the members of the com-mission appointed by the President to settle the dispute between the union mi-ners and the coal operators, Harper's Weekly says : It is, then, established, so far as Congress can establish anything, that Mr. Roosevelt, acting not in his private capacity, but as Presi-dent, has the right, whenever he sees fit, to create offices not authorized by the Constitu-tion or any law ; that he may appoint persons to such offices without the advice and consent of the Senate, and that provision ought to be made by Congress for the remuneration of such persons. The hope that the gravity of the in-novation would be brought out in debate, and that, at all events, the Democratic Senators would oppose the bestowal of a power unknown to the Constitution on the President, was dis-appointed. The Weekly says "Senator Morgan pointed out that the House bill established a precedent that might one day prove dangerous," but that he "refrained from declaring that the Anthracite Commission ought not to be recognized in any way by Congress." The New York Sun speaks of the bill as "providing com-pensation from the Treasury for the members and servants of Mr. Roosevelt's unlawfully appointed Coal Strike Com-mission." But, of course, The Sun speaks as the partizan of capital ; hut, consider- ing that its partizanship for the party in power is second only to its partizanship for capital, its opinion on this point is worth heeding. It appears, then, that this last great dispute and battle between capital and labor has compelled the chief executive of the country to take extra-constitu-tional action, to do what he is not author-ized by the Constitution to do, which is, as far as it goes, government by oneŠthe exercise of one-man authorityŠand that Congress has sanctioned the prece-dent. The idea may seem foolish to some, but nevertheless there is danger in this precedent. That those who have most heartily approved the course of the President in the matter realize this to a degree is shown by the fact that some of them have argued that the Presi-dent did not act in his official capacity, but merely as the first citizen of the na-tion upon whom it most fitly devolved to take action in such a crisis. And the Sen-ate expressly acknowledged that the prec-edent was one that it preferred not to approve when it fixed the official name of the commission appointed by the Presi-dent as the "Anthracite Coal Strike Ar-bitration," avoiding the use of the word "commission," and thus technically mak-ing of the members of this body "arbi-trators, and not commissioners, who are generally public officers." But it is the fact, nevertheless, that these arbitrators are commissioners and public officers, and it is also a fact that no argument can change, that in appointing this commis-sion and in doing the other things that he did to settle the coal strike, the President acted as President and not as a private citizen. The fact that the situation vir-tually compelled him to take the action that he did does not change the fact that what he did was a grave innovation, as stated by Harper's Weekly. It simply shows that the great combinations of cap-ital and labor in this country, with their 