764 THE SENTINEL OF lic schools, and no reason 'why public money should be paid to them to sup-port their private schools. It is the function of the city to clean and police the streets. If the citizens of any block, dissatisfied with the manner in which the city discharges its duty, employs men to clean the street in front of their houses, and a private watchman to pa-trol it, this fact does not afford any basis for a claim on their part to be exempt from the public taxes levied for cleaning and patrolling the streets, or for a share of those taxes to 'pay for their private performance of these municipal functions Mr. Rockefeller is reported to be the owner of many thousands of acres in the Adirondacks. But he cannot therefore come, before the State with a claim for a part of the road tax to keep in order the roads in this princely territory. The Jews in New York constitute a community more separated, alike by faith, tradi-tions, and locality from their Chris-tian neighbors than the Roman Cath-olics are from their Protestant neigh-bors. But no one would pay serious heed to them if they were to pledge themselves to punish all crime perpe-trated by Jews and to support all Jews who are unable to support themselves, and on this ground were to ask for their proportion of the taxes levied to maintain the Department of Charities and Correction. If public education is a proper function of the state, then no man is exempt from paying his pro-portion of the tax because he does not like the way in which that function is fulfilled. He must set himself to the task of persuading his fellow-citizens to change the method. If, on the other hand, it is not a proper function of the state, then the state ought to dis-continue its public schools and relegate the work of public instruction to the churches, or to private enterprise, or to the two combined. The one thing the state ought not to do is to raise a fund by taxation and then pay it over to private organizations to expend. We hold it to be an axiom in the adminis-tration of a democratic community that all public money should be expended by public officials and should be kept subject to public control. In the his- CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tory of the Republic exceptions to this rule have grown up. They cannot be instantly abolished without doing more harm than good. But such exceptions 'are anomalies. It should be the object of statesmen to reduce them. Under no circumstances should they be in-creased. The plan of dividing public-funds between Roman Catholic and Protestant schools is not a plan to be seriously considered by the American people. Protestants should object as resolutely to the appropriation of pub-lic funds to Protestant as to Roman Catholic schools. If Protestants want Protestant schools, let them pay for such schools with Protestant money. If Roman Catholics want Roman Cath-olic schools, let them pay for such schools with Catholic money. If Jews want Jewish schools, let them pay for such schools with Jewish money. But let not Protestants, Roman Catholics, and Jews combine to tax the whole com-munity in order to create a public fund and, when it is created, engage in a struggle to see which of them can get the largest share of it. The Outlook has no doubt that public education is a function of the state. . . . Those who wish to substitute church schools for state schools can do so only by convinc-ing the people of the United States that the conduct of education, like the conduct of worship, is the function of the church, not of the state. The charge that the public schools are irreligious and tend to irreligion and immoraltiy appears to us to be based not on any careful investigation of the results of public school teach-ings, but as a tacit argument which may be thus expressed : The public schools are irreligious; the age is irre-ligious : therefore the public schools produce the spirit. of irreligion. Occg-sionally the conclusion is even more remote from the premises, thus : Amer-ica has public schools ; America is law-less : therefore public schools produce lawlessness. . . . In so far as irreligion and lawlessness are characteristic of modern life, we must look elsewhere for the causes than to the public, schools. We must look, on the one hand, to the inefficiency or homes anct churches ; 'on the other hand, to the 