The Individual Responsible Only to God in Religion By W. A. Colcord I N religious things Christ is lord. While recognizing the rightful province of Caesar in this world, and enjoining obe-dience to Cxsar in civil things, in the realm of religion Christ proclaims him-self lord and master. To his followers he says : " Call no man father upon the earth ; for one is your Father, which is in heaven. Neither be ye called master; for one is your Master, even Christ." So Paul writes, " The head of every man is Christ." If in religious things Christ is master, then in religious things men are rightfully his servants, and for their religious faith and conduct they are responsible to him and must give account to him. And so say the Scriptures: " We labor...that we may be accepted of him. For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ ; that every one may receive the things done in his body, according to that which he hath done, whether it be good or bad." " So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God." If in religious things every one is re-sponsible to God, and every one is to give account of himself to God, then in relig-ious things every one has the right to judge for himself what he will believe, profess and practise. This must be self-evident. And if every one has the right to thus judge for himself in religious things as to what he will believe, profess and practise, it must also be evident that he also has the right to freedom to exer-cise this right so long as in doing so he conducts himself as a good citizen and does not interfere with the equal rights of others. The one right would be value-less without the other. Anything, there-fore, which interferes with the freedom of the individual to thus judge and act for himself in religious things is an inter- ference with the individual and inalienable rights of man. Furthermore, Christ being our master in religious things, and we being his servants in these things, any attempt on the part of men to rule over men in relig-ious matters is both a usurpation of Christ's right to control his servants and an interference with the servant's respon-sibility to his master. And so the Scrip-tures teach: " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? To his own mas-ter he standeth or falleth." These scriptures clearly set forth the principle, and make plain the fact, that in religious things every man is accountable alone to God, and that for any power on earth to assume to dictate to men in religious things is for it to put itself in the place of God. This is that evil thing which the Scriptures call " the mystery of iniquity," and which, in the early cen-turies of the Christian era, developed into the PapacyŠthat " man of sin," " who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped ; so that he as God, sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." When the state makes religious laws and requires obedience to them it makes men accountable to it in religious things, and thereby puts itself in the place of God. And when the leaders of a church, or of any combination of churches, gain control of the state, and through it seek to enforce upon men religious institutions or observances, they ignore the individ-ual's responsibility to God, make men ac-countable to them in things pertaining only to God, and thereby put themselves in the place of God. They form a papacy, or a likeness to it. Assuming the place of master, they require men to be their servants. But for men to serve men in ti 1 