71 any man hear my words; and believe not ;1 judge him not. "=Jesus Ch'17:st. VOLLTME 15. CHICAGO, AUGUST 9, 1900. NUMBER 31. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. (Continuing American Sentinel) Published weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. Subscription prise, $1.00 L. A. SMITH, O. P. SOLL.NIA.IsLf Editors. GOD is the only master of conscience. NI‚ ONLY the individual can truly acknowAge God ONLY false religions ever ask any favors from the state. Truth does not ask or need the assistance of force in fighting its battles. A person may be forced into the way of sin, but he cannot possibly be forced into the path of right-eousness. No man can answer for another at the bar of God, therefore no man has any right to dictate to another concerning his duty toward God: THE gospel forces no person to do what he knows is right, and much less should' any 'fief son be forced to do what some one else thinks is rjptt. HE who will not keep the Sabbath in obedience to the command of God will find no blessing in Sab-bath observance at the command of the state. The state cannot undertake to "protect" religion without denying the rights of that portion of its cit-izens which are opposed to the religion favored by the government. THE very fact that an individual wants to force other people to conform to his standard of righteous-ness is conclusive proof that his standard is not the right one. BECAUSE each religion is necessarily intolerant of every other religion in the land, it follows that the state cannot be religious without giving effect to re-ligious intolerance by civil pains and penalties. CONSCIENCE Š WHAT IS IT ? A NEW reader Of THE SENTINEL asks for some-thing upon the subject of conscience. "Some of my neighbors," he says, "are threatening to send me to the asylum because I believe in the perpetual obliga-tion of the fourth commandment." In the first place our correspondent should find consolation in the words of the Scriptures: "Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake ; for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye when man shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice and be exceeding glad; for great is your re-ward in heaven." Matt. 5 :II, 12. And again : "This is acceptable, if for conscience toward God, a man endure griefs, suffering wrongful-ly. For what glory is it, if, when ye sin, and are buffet-ed for it, ye shall take it patiently? but if, when ye do well, and suffer for it, ye shall take it patiently, this is acceptable with God." I Peter 2 : 19, 20, R. V. Conscience is defined by the Standard Dictionary as "the power or faculty in man by which he distin- 