592  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY a few hours on Sunday, giving them a thoroughly healthful and harmless after-noon." But evidently the ministers came out best, for the report was sent out on July 2 that the sheriff had on that day "announced that there will be no more Sunday ball in this locality," and that he would swear in deputies to stop a game that was announced for the following Sunday. As intimated last month the new ordi-nance passed in Montreal, Canada, per-mitting the sale of fruits, cigars, confec-tionery and temperance beverages on Sunday under certain restrictions, is really a step in the direction of more strict Sunday enforcement, and already many arrests have occurred. On July 6 twenty persons were arraigned in the recorder's court on the charge of having sold goods on Sunday contrary to the provisions of the new ordinance. Policemen testified that they had purchased from these per-sons articles which the law allowed to be sold only on condition that the other articles specified were also kept for sale. Most of the persons arrested were to-bacco dealers, and it was testified that they had no fruit, beverages, etc., for sale in their places. The recorder reserved his judgment for a few days. The to-bacco dealers have organized and em-ployed counsel, and in case of conviction will have the question of the validity of the by-law passed upon by the higher courts. ¥ As a result of an agitation against Sunday ball playing begun by a local newspaper and the "law and order league," which, of course, stands for the clergymen of the place, six boys were ar-, rested recently at Plattsmouth, Neb., on the charge of playing ball on Sunday. They were tried under the State law in  the county court on June 16. The boys had no one to defend them, and pleaded guilty. The prosecuting attorney stated that it was not so much his purpose to have them punished as to have ball play-ing on Sunday stopped, and recom-mended that on consideration of a promise on their part not to violate the law in the future that merely a nominal fine be imposed. Two were fined $1 and costs each, and the other four were fined $2 and costs each. This made the cost to each not less than $5. However nom-inal the fines may have been, it seems to us that there is something decidedly wrong when boys can be hauled to court on a criminal indictment and compelled to pay a sum which to them is no doubt quite large for nothing more than en-gaging in the common game of baseball. Police Justice Murphy, of Jersey City, N. J., declared on June i6 that under ordinary circumstances ball playing on Sunday did not constitute a crime, and served notice on the police that it would be useless to bring such offenders before him. At the instance of members of the Epworth League of the Simpson Methodist Church, which is said to have been some distance from where the playing was in progress, six young men had been arrested and brought before him as disorderly persons for participa-ting in a game of baseball on a vacant lot on Sunday. In discharging the young men the magistrate made these sensible remarks : Where ball games are played in open or iso-lated lots on' Sunday, and the comfort and peace of the community are not broken, my opinion is that arrests should not be made. The young men are benefited by the exercise, especially those who have been confined in the factories and shops all the week. It is better for them to enjoy such healthful recreation than to congregate on street corners or gather 