EDITORIAL 55 have taken it upon themselves to prevent Mr. Smoot from becoming Senator, the President has been induced to interfere in a matter with which as President, and even while he is President, he can prop-erly have nothing to do. The election of a Senator is not a matter for Presidential dictation, but is one for the people and legislature of a State to decide for them-selves. The editor of the Sun gave this very pertinent caution to the superin-tenedent of the National W. C. T. U. : Lest Mrs. Martin's enthusiasm should tempt her to transgress the proprieties of the occa-sion, we warn her against seeking to enlist in her movement in Utah politics such citizens as are barred from it by the nature of the Federal Government of which they happen to be for the moment office-holders, chief among whom, of course, is the President of the United States. We are interested in this matter solely because of its relation to and bearing upon the matter of religious liberty. We believe The Outlook was right when it said some weeks ago, referring to the op-position to the election of Mr. Smoot, that " so long as the conduct of a Mormon is in conformity with our laws it would be an unconstitutional act of religious perse-cution to deny him a public office to which he is elected." And of course to say that a Mormon who is conforming to the laws, and nobody denies that Mr. Smoot is, shall not be elected to a public office is simply the very next thing to denying him a public office to which he is elected. Therefore, until better reasons are adduced for it than have yet been pre-sented, the campaign of opposition to the election of Mr. Smoot which the W. C. T. U. is leading and into which President Roosevelt has been drawn, must be re-garded as tending dangerously near to the perpetration of an unconstitutional act of religious persecution. There is no question of polygamy in the matter. It is merely a question of " apos-tleship ; that is, those who say Mr. Smoot must not become a Senator take  the stand that because he is a Mormon " Apostle," a leader in the Mormon Church, he should be debarred from pub-lic office. But the Constitution says " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the :United States," and such a course is most decidedly applying a re-ligious test as a qualification for office. We do not say that it is proper for a high church official to seek public office, but we do say that it is absolutely con-trary to American principles, to the prin-ciples of religious freedom, to debar a man from public office merely because he is a church official. And yet that seems to be exactly what is being at-tempted in this Smoot case. Ł Public "Document No. 53" Again IT seems that the late feat of the Crafts' " Reform Bureau " at Washington in securing the printing of one of its pam-phlets as a public document is not to escape public attention altogether. What we published last week regarding the matter was scarcely in type before there appeared in the New York Evening Post a two-column article on the subject from its Washington correspondent. " Re-markable Document Printed at Public Expense," and " Book-Advertising Fea-ture of the Scheme," were a part of the Post's display heading. The article, which was made up largely of quotations from the document itself, began thus : Congress prints, at the expense of the tax-paying public, some extraordinary documents, but the acme seems to have been reached in one presented by Mr. Wellington, of Mary-land, to the Senate just as that chamber was adjourning for its holiday recess. Nothing but the intervention of a period crowded with gayeties and diversions for the mind could have prevented this wonderful literary effort from receiving attention at the hands of the press all over the United States. It is certain that none issued by Congress in years has 