632 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY it a bill to make it unlawful to play baseball on Sunday if any price is charged to see the game, and it is possible that there are a suf-ficient number of narrow-minded members in the legislature to pass the measure. When they have done so, what good have they ac-complished? Who is benefited by it? . . . The same narrow-minded spirit that is working in Alabama drove baseball and Sunday ex-cursions out of Pensacola this summer. Narrow-minded persons, who have no con-sideration for the comfort and happiness of others, are found in all lands and in all parts of the same land. If they are religious, they are at the same time bigots. It was because of them that all the crimes committed in the cause of religion have filled the pages of his-tory. They drove the Puritans to America, who in turn drove all dissenters from among them into the wilderness to either starve or be killed by the Indians. Education and increased opportunities for exchange of ideas is grad-ually softening the spirit of intolerance every-where, but there is more of it than there is any need of yet. Of course such expressions were not relished by the friends of Sunday en-forcement, and one of them sent a com-munication to the editor, in which he said : I have noticed in your columns many refer-ences to narrow-minded people in connection with the Sunday League. Do you really mean to be taken seriously when you charge the people of Pensacola who believe in the strict observance of SundaY with being narrow? . . . The News seems to proclaim the astonishing doctrine that whatever men may want to do they should be allowed to do, the law of God to the contrary notwithstanding. . . . What would the condition of this city be if its entire management were turned over for the next two years to those who applaud you and denounce the Sunday League? . . . Will some one point to a country or nation who have disregarded the observance of the Sabbath and yet have a high society and moral standard? Does history furnish a single ex-ample? I am glad to say that your fears are well-founded as to the number of men in the legis-lature of Alabama who are narrow enough to pass a stringent Sunday law, because the moral sentiment of the people is overwhelmingly in favor of it. I want to say to the Sunday League: " Be not afraid of this Philistine who has come out against you," for God and one is an overwhelming majority. To this the editor in a leading editorial made this reply : If by " strict observance " our correspondent means such as is voluntary from a sense of religious duty, we disclaim. ever making any such charge. But if he means strict observ-ance enforced by the State, we do mean to be taken seriously in charging narrow-minded-ness. Not only that, but a spirit of bigotry and intolerance which is incompatible with the spirit of our free institutions. Laws to en-force a religious, that is to say a strict, ob-servance of the Sabbath are as repugnant to the constitutional rights of the people in a land of religious liberty as laws to enforce church attendance would be. With compulsory Sun-day observance it is but another step to com-pulsory religious worship. " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty," and the editor of the News believes in liberty. The American people rejoice in their liberty, but the most careless observer cannot fail to see that their personal liberty is gradually slip-ping away from them. Religious liberty is the most precious of all, and everywhere in the world at all times it has been the most dif-ficult to secure and retain. Religious liberty does not mean liberty to be a Methodist, but not a Catholic ; liberty to be a Christian, but not a Jew ; liberty to worship God, but no right to refuse to worship Him. It means full freedom to worship or not to worship; to believe or not to believe. We contend for the full religious freedom of every individual as guaranteed by the Con-stitution of the United States and of the sev-eral States, and more particularly of the State of Florida. That the News is not alone in this contention our correspondent must know. His attention is called to the protest of Rev. Daniel Read, printed in the Journal, by which he will discover that California has struggled along so far without Sunday laws. We also call his attention to the extracts from a speech by Senator Hoar of Massachusetts printed in to-day's News. Note what he says: " The sec-ular power is no longer a weapon for the ec-clesiastical. We can constrain no man to re-ligious opinions, and we can compel no man to any religious observance which his own con-science does not require of him." When our correspondent puts down the Sun-day ball players and those who go to witness the games with the keepers and frequenters of houses of ill-fame, we have a right to infer that he is lacking in common sense. If when he speaks of God and one as being a majority 