804 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY twenty-four hours of every other day of the week ? For is it not true that many people who spend the whole of the day in some sort of employment frequently use many of the hours of the night, which their physical well-being requires that they should spend in rest, in far other ways, and the law makes no attempt to control the matter and to compel them to take the rest that they need ? If the state is to assume guardianship over its citizens to the extent of deter-mining for them how they shill spend their time so as to most conduce to the preservation of their health and strength, why should it not begin by compelling them to take proper and sufficient rest at night? If physical rest is the object to be sought, then surely the time that God has appointed for that purpose is that which should be regarded and ob-served. Nature indicates the proper time for physical rest, and all living things, except beasts of prey, recognize that time. The sun, that radiant body which bears light from Jehovah to His creatures in order that they may walk and work in light, marks off regularly the time when men should cease to work and enter upon physical rest. Had not the inventive skill of man produced arti-ficial light, by which he is enabled to con-tinue longer in labor and so rob his sys-tem of needed repose, nature's law in this respect would have been sufficient to have prevented any from failing to take neces-sary physical rest. If human laws must be enacted to en-force physical rest upon men, then why not have these compel rest at the time God and nature have appointed for that purpose, and which is therefore the best possible time for that purpose? It may be said that such legislation would be extreme, because. in order to make sure of accomplishing its object, it would have to prohibit the use of artificial light  after certain hours, lest it be made use of for purposes of physical or mental exertion. True enough ; and that shows the sumptuary character of such legislation, and why it is wrong. It in-terferes with one's personal privileges, which human laws have no right to con-travene unless in the exercise of those privileges the rights of others are trenched upon. The stickler for Sunday legislation may then inquire, Did not God require ,of His people physical rest on the Sabbath ? Yes ; on that part of the day which nature indicates was set apart for that purpose. But inasmuch as the Sabbath is exactly like all other days outwardly, a certain portion of it being light and another por-tion dark, there is no reason to infer that it should not be regarded just as are other days of the week so far as physical rest is concerned. True, God has forbidden man to do his own work on the Sabbath, but he is not by this prohibited from working, and working with all his might, for the Lord and for the salvation of men on that day. If this work is properly attended to one will be prepared for phys-ical rest when night comes just as truly as by the work of other days. The question may be asked then, In what does the rest consist that man is to take on the Sabbath day ? It is to con-sist in rest of mind afforded by a sense of sins forgiven and a knowledge of sal-vation, just as God himself had satisfac-tion and rest of mind at the thought that salvation had been provided for man through the gift of Christ, who was as a lamb slain from the foundation of the world. Rev. 13 : 8. Man is to enter into the rest that was prepared from the be-ginning. Heb. 4: 3, 9, io. All who labor and are heavy laden find this rest by coming to Christ, who was provided in the plan upon the completion of which God rested, and then asked man to take 