EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 375 self is an unwarranted concession to relig-ious interests, and so long as a vestige of it remains there will remain an unwar-ranted concession to religious interests. In its issue from which our first quota-tion is taken the Weekly called attention to the fact that a bill had been introduced in the New York legislature to make " Good Friday " a legal holiday. It said it could see no good reason why that bill should become a law, but that on the con-trary a multitude of arguments array themselves against such a proposition." " Good Friday," it declared, " has long been a day of religious observance by various sects and will continue to be thus set aside whether recognized by law or not," and that " to make the observance " of the day " compulspry in schools, banks, and other institutions is nothing short of a nuisance." Now why is that the Weekly does not hold this same attitude with regard to the religious Sunday? Why should one religious observance have dif-ferent treatment from another? Is it not just as true of the " so-called American Sunday " as it is of " Good Friday " that it " has long been a day of religious observance by various sects and will con-tinue to be thus set aside whether recog-nized by law or not " ? Why then should the laws of the Empire State throw "safe-guards " around the one any more than around the other? Why should there be legal " recognition " and enforcement in the one case and not in the other? The fact is that when the Weekly says that there is no good reason why " Good Fri-day " should be recognized and enforced by the law, but a multitude of arguments why it should not be, it virtually says that there is no good reason why the " so-called American Sunday," which it is so anxious to have thus safeguarded, should be recognized and enforced by the law, but a multitude of arguments why it should not be. The following from the Providence (R. I.) Visitor (Roman Catholic) is very pertinent to what was said two weeks ago regarding the official recognition of " Good Friday " by civil officials : In making Good Friday a school holiday for this city not only were the gentlemen of the school committee not exceeding their powers, but they laid down a precedent, which we hope will be speedily followed, in spirit, at least, if not in substance, by other and larger bodies throughout the country. . . . This in-direct recognition of the Providence school committee of the most sacred day in all the year may well be hailed by Catholics as a step forward towards national decency and self-respect; even though they themselves of all men in this country would be the last to wel-come so pathetic an anachronism as an Ameri-can union of church and state. Certainly Catholics may well hail " as a step forward towards national decency and self-respect " the " recognition " of " the Church's " " most sacred day " by school boards and " other and larger bodies " of public officials " throughout the country," for is it not true from the standpoint of the Catholic Church that " national decency and self-respect " means national subjection to " the Church " and legal " recognition " of her " sacred" observances and dogmas? Of course the school board " laid down a precedent " when it made " indirect rec-ognition " of " the most sacred day in all the year." It is in this that the danger lies. No such precedent as this should be laid down, for such precedents prepare the way for " an American union of church and state." What have the " Protestant " advocates of Sunday " recognition " got to say to this Catholic demand for " Good Friday " " recogni-tion " ? What can they say? Ł Of course The Independent does " not share M. Gohier's views as to the immi-nent and serious danger that the Cath-olic Church is about to rule this country to its ruin." It observes that " a foreign 