88 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Archbishop Quigley of Chicago in an address before the Catholic Woman's League in that city on December 20. After asserting that "to-day the state is encroaching on the rights of the Church," and lamenting "that God is not recognized in any of the modern constitutions," and attacking "liberal- ism" as "the supreme and fundamental error of the age," and declaring that "it began in rebellion against the di-vinely established authority of the Church and its visible head," that its "assertion that the state is supreme in human affairs is denial of the authority of God and his Church" and "athe-ism," and that by the secular system of public instruction it now "banishes God and religion from the education of the child," this leading prelate of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States said: Non-sectarian schools are not schools ' which Catholics can use. If not ac-tually Protestant, then they are log-ically what they should be, godless. Protestants and non-Catholics are undertaking through the present public school system to prevent the Catholic children from becoming firmly ce-mented to their church, and to keep the Catholic Church from getting a stronger foothold. The purpose of the non-Catholics is to prevent the growth of the Church. They will scruple at no violation of justice to gain their ends. The cry all over is for non-sectarian education. The Catholic schools are rec-ognized by the state, but they are not supported by the state because non-Catholics believe that it would be dan-gerous for the state to support them. The state must provide schools for the minority as well as for the majority. The state should divide the public school system and maintain a separate system for the minority Š separate in the sense of religious teaching. The two systems could be under one con-trol, but in the Catholic division Catho-lic principles should be taught. This would give the minority an equal  chance with the majority. This would be just and equitable, but not satis-factory to the Protesants. We do not flatter ourselves that in-fidels and Protestants will grant us the justice of giving us our proportion of the public schools, or relieve us of the tax now levied upon us to maintain schools from which religion is excluded or in which a false religion is taught . . . But the New World was discov-ered by Catholics and taken possession. of in the name of the cross, and we can-not get it out of our heads that the cross will yet come to into.  the posses-sion of its own. . . . Whatever our present difficulties may be, and they are many and great, we must ever con-tinue to assert the rights of the Church as the representative of God. The time will come when we shall be listened to ; for He in whom we trust will not per-mit His Church to go down before on-slaughts of men and theories whose tri-umph would mean the revival of pa-ganism. The archbishop also "declared that the security of the national Constitu-tion increases proportionately with the increase in the number of Roman Cath- olics in the country." To get the real significance of this, and also of some of his other statements, one should re-call a fact that is of very grave im- portance and meaning, namely, that it has been decided by the Supreme Court of the United States (in the Rector, Church Wardens, and Vestrymen of the Church of the Holy Trinity, Plain- tiffs in Error, vs. the United States. Feb. 29, 1892) that "this is a re- ligious people" politically, that the American nation "is a religious na-tion," "a Christian nation," and that included in the "the mass of organic utterances" which the court cited in support of this almost revolutionary af-firmation by it, and which, the court declared "affirm and reaffirm" that af-firmation, were "the commission to. Christopher Columbus . . . from Ferdi-nand and Isabella, by the grace of God, 