AN INDICTMENT OF NEW YORK'S SUNDAY LAW 683 of creation," and therefore the first was substituted for the seventh as a sab-bath day. This may be the reason as-signed for the change, but it does not follow that this reason is true. But who made this change ? Certainly the Bible contains no evidence that infinite wisdom and power was under any ne-cessity to change its, measures. We are Ł told in substance that after six days labor in creating the world, etc., "God rested on the seventh," and therefore appointed it as a sabbath on which man should rest from his labor. We do not see in the Bible, or anywhere else, any such account of the labors of salvation. Besides, according to the creed of many, it appears that God has not yet rested from the work of salvation, that He is "adding to the church daily such as are to be saved." And, according to the belief of others, this work never will be completed if a single living soul shall be eventually and eternally lost. I But  must drop this part of my subject; to pursue it farther would not comport with my present object. In truth, every intelligent person ac-quainted with the subject knows that the first was substituted for the sev-enth day as a sabbath by the dominant part of the Christian sect or church, for even to this day all Christians do not hold to it; and that the change was Made by man, not because God rested from any labor on that day, or ap-pointed it a sabbath, but because Jesus, the founder of their faith, is said to have risen from the dead on Sunday. And Constantine the Roman emperor (and not God), three hundred years after the birth of Jesus, influenced by the Christian priesthood and by his pagan custom of worshiping the sun on that day, first made Christianity a state religion and then interdicted la-bor * on that "venerable day of the * [Note by the writer.] The edict of Con- Sun," so called because it was the day of pagan worship. And now permit me to ask the first-day sabbatteans who profess to believe the fourth commandment recorded in the 20th chapter of Exodus to be de-rived from divine authority, who au-thorized Constantine, our legislature, or any dominant religious sect or church, to repeal, alter, relax, or sus-pend the decrees of God ? Who em-powered either church or state to ap-point another sabbath than that ap-pointed by the Lord? Who gave them the right to authorize mankind to labor on the day on which God forbade any labor to be done ? On what authority do they presume to absolve mankind from the immorality of profaning by labor the seventh day, the Sabbath of the Lord? Whence does man derive the right to interdict labor on the first day, of the week, one of the six God appointed and set' apart for man, in which to do " all his work"' ? I have hitherto in this discussion treated this alleged command as if it was in reality what both the first and seventh-day sabbatteans profess to be-lieve it to be Š a command derived from divine authority. I was induced to treat it thus with a view to showing that, allowing. it to be so, it contains no injunction for a first-day sabbath, nor any interdiction of innocent recrea-tion, nor any appointment of a par-ticular day or time for the performance of religious exercise or worship.* The ' stantine is in these words : " Let all the judges and townspeople, and the occupations of all trades, rest on the venerable day of the Sun; but let those who are situated in the country, freely and at full liberty, attend to the business of agriculture, because it often happens that no other day is so fit for sowing corn and planting vines, lest the critical moment being let slip, men should lose the commodities granted them by the providence of Heaven." It was not until some time subsequent to the date of the above edict that the work of agriculture was forbidden to be done on Sunday. * It is true that the Fourth Commandment 