A SPANISH [PAPAL] VICTORY  689 Gibson he supposed he would have to take him in charge. The clerk of the court, who had previously remarked to Mr. Gibson, "If you are declared guilty legally, you will not be morally," stepped forward and offered to aid in paying the - fine, and asked if there were others who would help to make up the amount of the fine. No one responded. The crier re-marked to Mr. Gibson that he should have proved that he kept Saturday, Au-gust 2. Mr. Gibson replied that the mat-ter of the exemption clause had not been in his mind ; that he thought it was so well understood that he observed the sev-enth day of the week that it did not oc-cur to him to offer any proof concerning the matter, but that he thought that in the testimony of one or two of the wit-nesses the fact had been brought out, in-directly at least, that he observed the  seventh day of the week, and that of course the judge, who presided at his former trial, was perfectly aware of that fact. The crier repeated this to the judge, who had already left the court room. The judge at once came back and re-opened court and revoked the sen-tence, giving Mr. Gibson an opportunity for a re-hearing before the Superior Court at Cambridge. Mr. Gibson thought it best to let things take that course, and, through the kindness of a gentleman who had gone on his bond to the amount of $5oo in 1894, he furnished bonds as required to the amount of Sioo to appear at the opening of the Superior Court at Cambridge, which was to con-vene on September 16. The case was not taken up at the opening of court, and it is not known now ( September 19) how soon it will be heard. A Spanish [Papal] Victory at Rome [From Leslie's Weekly, a Republican paper in sympathy with the Administration.] WHEN Judge Taft was sent on his special mission¥ to Rome we pointed out the impolicy, not to say the impropriety, of the precedent established by President Roosevelt in this formal recognition, for the first time, by the United States, of the temporal status of the Roman See. In view of the peculiar relations, more or less hostile, existing between the Vatican and the govern-ment of ItalyÑa ' government most friendly toward the United StatesÑwe questioned the wisdom of the Presi-dent's action and remarked that the out-come would be awaited "with a consider-able degree of anxiety." The outcome has been a humiliating failure. No other could have been expected. Anxiety over the future on the part of Republican pol-iticians, however, hardly warranted  Archbishop Ireland's well-meant but gratuitous intrusion of his explanation of, or apology for, the real situation. We have suffered a defeat, and the victory, curiously enough, belongs to Spain. The objectionable friars are mostly Spanish subjects, and therefore claim that they come within the provi-sions of Article IX. of the Paris Treaty of Peace, which says : "Spanish sub-jects, natives of the peninsula, residing in the territory over which Spain by the present treaty relinquishes or cedes her sovereignty, may remain in such terri-tory or may remove there, retaining in either event all the rights of property, etc. . . In case they remain in the ter-ritory, they may preserve their allegiance to the crown of Spain by making before a court of record within a year from the 