358 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. him who sat upon the throne of the Empire of Israel. Israel was now "a great world power." The desired goal had been reached ; all nations respected her and counted her a factor in the management of interna-tional affairs. During his day there was no greater king than Solomon and all the kings of the East coun-try and the Queen of Sheba came to see his greatness and the grandeur of his court. "And when the Queen of Sheba had seen all Sol-omon's wisdom, and the house that he had built, and the meat of his table, and the sitting of his servants, and the attendance of his ministers and their apparel and his cup bearers and his ascent by which he went up unto the house of the Lord ; there was no more spirit in her." Enormous public works were commenced. Thou-sands upon thousands of men were set at work ; a magnificent temple was erected to the Lord ; treasure cities were built. The old simple, pastoral Israel began to be no more; and in its place grew up, as in a night, a mag-nificent empire, studded with handsome cities, jeweled with magnificent palaces, and adorned with all the precious things that tribute nations could bring. The wealth of Solomon, as head of the Empire of Israel, was very great. The gold that was left to him by David amounted to io8,000 talents. In a single year, the gold that came to him was over 666 talents. In one voyage alone, his ships brought 420 talents from Ophir, and on another voyage they brought him 450 talents. The Queen of Sheba gave him 120 tal-ents; Hiram of Tyre gave him 120 talents. All this was "besides that he had of the merchants, and of the traffic of the spice merchants, and of all the kings of Arabia and of the governors of the country ;" that is, all of this was besides the regular customs, duties and taxes from his own kingdom. And all this was of gold alone, not accounting the silver, for silver "was nothing to be accounted of in the days of Solomon," he "made silver to be in Jerusalem as stones." Solomon was a great builder. He says, "I built me houses." And no building on earth has ever surpassed for beauty and glory the temple which he built for the Lord. No mention need be made of this, for the de-scriptions of it everywhere published are legion. Of his houses,the chief one was 15o ft.long,75 ft.wide and 45 ft. high ; and was in three stories. It had a grand porch 75 ft. long, 45 ft. broad. All the pillars, beams and floors of the house were of the finest cedar of Leb-anon ; and the pillars were so numerous and so costly and those in the porch so tall that the building was called "The House of the Cedar of Lebanon." Be-sides this, he built the "Porch of Judgment." There he placed his royal throne. It was built of ivory, in-laid with purest gold ; having six steps with a foot- stool of gold ; two graven lions on each step and one at each arm. The back formed a half circle and the seat was a golden bull. "There was not the like made in any kingdom." Near by was the "Tower of Da-vid" built for an armory. On the walls of this build-ing there were hung "a thousand bucklers, all shields of mighty men." Besides, there was the house of Pharaoh's daughter, his wife. These all were built with walls and foundations of costly stones, many of them twelve or fifteen feet in length. All were sup-ported with pillars and beams of cedar and fir, decked with gold and silver, and the ceilings and walls were ornamented with beautiful stones, set with gold and silver, after the style of the temple. He also built a summer palace in Lebanon. "He says, 'I made me great works.' He built 'Mil-lo, and the wall of Jerusalem and Hazor, and Megid-do, and Gezer."And he built Tadmor in the wilder-ness, and all the store cities which he built in Hamath. Also, he built Beth-horon the upper, and Beth-horon the nether, fenced cities with walls, gates and bars ; and Baalath, and all the store cities that Solomon had, and all the chariot cities, and the cities of the horse-men, and all that Solomon desired to build in Jerusa-lem, and in Lebanon, and throughout all the land of his dominion.' " `Millo' was a strong fortification, or tower, that protected the city of Jerusalem on the north. " 'The wall of Jerusalem' began at Millo, and ex-tended entirely around the city; and upon it were sixty towers. " `Hazor' was the principal city, and the stronghold of the whole of North Palestine. It lay in the terri-tory of the tribe of Naphtali, 'apparently on the high ground overlooking the lake of Merom.' " `Gezer' was also a fortified city, that commanded the Mediterraean coast road of communication be-tween Egypt and Jerusalem. The king of Egypt had taken it from the original inhabitants of the landŠthe CanaanitesŠand had given it as a present to his daughter, Solomon's wife. At the taking of it, Pha-raoh had burnt it and left it in ruins. "The two Beth-horonsŠ`the upper' and 'the neth-er'Šlay on the boundary line between the tribes of Ephraim and Benjamin, and guarded a pass on the road from Gibeon to the Philistine plain. Through this pass was the main way into the country of Israel from Philistia on the west, and from Moab and Am-mon on the east. "Tadmor,' called also Palmyra, was built in an oasis in the desert of Hamath on the east. It was 'two days' journey (about 120 miles) from upper Syria, and one day's journey from the Euphrates and six long days' journey from Babylon the great.'ŠJoseph-us. This city was built that Solomon might control the 