THE LESSON OF KISHINEFF 4 I I tian-nation " idea, worked outŠor, rather, working out ; for when it is worked out -we see the blood-spattered dwellings, the ravished women and girls, the nameless cruelties, and the dead-strewn streets of Kishineff. And wherefore slew they them? Rus-sia is a church-and-state government. If the Jews would embrace the doctrines of the Russian Orthodox ChurchŠbecome Greek Catholics instead of JewsŠthen all the privileges of Russian citizenship would be granted them ; the oppressive laws enacted against them would not ap-ply; the fury of the people would be stayed ; there would be no more Kishi-nef fs. That is the meaning of the lan-guage in the expressed sentiments quoted from the Russian spokesman. The ani-mosity against the Jews is not because the Jews are money-lenders and mer-chants. The quotation shows that; for they would doubtless continue their occu-pations after " conversion " to the Greek Catholic Church. It is because the Jews are not yet " Christianized " that the so--called " Christian nation " of Russia has turned its hands against them. But the " Christian-nation " idea might not work out so in America.ŠIt has worked out so already, only not to " the same excess of riot." That idea wrought into the laws of our States has put con-scientious, God-fearing, Christian men in  this country into chain-gangs and prisons, side by side and cell-mates with ordinary criminals. What had they done?ŠObeyed God, and worshiped Him " ac-cording to the dictates of their own con-sciences," which is supposed to be the sacred privilege of every American. But in doing that they had disregarded an ordinance of man which has set up for itself the claim of divine right over the consciences of menŠthe divine right to dictate religious ceremonies and enforce them under pains and penalties. That hu-man ordinance claiming a right which Divinity has never asserted over the con-sciences of men, is the Sunday law in the States and Territories. Hundreds of Christian men have suffered under it, and many are even now resting under its condemnation. If they would keep Sun-day they would not be molested; if the Jews of Russia would keep Sunday and join the Russian state church, they would not be persecuted! It would be well for Americans to learn the lesson of Kishineff, and cast the mote out of their own eye before seeking to pluck the beam out of the eye of Russia. It it all right to protest against the cruelties, but they are the result of the system, and the system is just as wrong in America as in Russia, and the cruelties 'and the system here are much less excusable. The past few weeks have brought suc-cessive appeals to the heart and con-science of the civilized world. One hor-ror of cruelty has followed hard upon another. Scarcely had the atrocities in the Congo Free State forced their way through official concealment to public notice, when the brutal outrages upon the Jews of Bessarabia shocked every reader of the dispatches. Next came the revelations of the hardships and oppres- sion from which Italian laborers in this country were made to suffer, and finally, through indictment by a Federal grand jury, the discovery that a system of slavery, or something really worse than slavery, was practised in several counties of Alabama. We might make our own the prophet's words : " He looked for judgment, but behold oppression ; for righteousness, but behold a cry."ŠNew York Evening Post. 