684  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY to join but have absolutely refused to join the Washburn Associates as long as your name is on their books as a charter member. Mr. Gibson here announced that he was through. The judge said to the wit-ness : "Wait a moment," and then en-qured : "Mr. Leather, have you any per-sonal spite against the defendant ?" The witness answered in the negative, but with flushed face and evident agitation attempted twice to say something more, but the court refused to let him speak, ordering him to sit down. THE DEFENDANT'S PLEA. Mr. Gibson then addressed the court in his defense as follows : Your honor, in pleading my own case I feel somewhat the solemnity Of such an occa-sion as this. Eight years ago, the third day of this month, I was summoned before your hon-or, and at that time pleaded my own case. I then felt my lack of ability, not having had the privilege of even a common school educa-tion. At the present time I feel the same. The summons in 1894 accused me of dis-turbing the public peace by selling a half-pound of candy and a glass of soda in an open shop on Sunday. The complaint was brought about by a conscientious magistrate, ex-Mayor Batcheller, an honest citizen and a man whom I respect and honor, who is also a professed Christian. Your honor, the de-fendant is again summoned, accused of dis-turbing the public peace, to answer to the Commonwealth on complaint of Edward Pen-dergast, chief of police of Everett, that "said Gibson, at Eeyerett, in the County of Middle-sex, on the third day of August, 1902, that day being the Lord's Day, unlawfully did la-bor and work, the same not being a work of necessity or charity, and against the peace of said Commonwealth and the form of the stat-ute in such case made and provided." To which, as in 1894, the defendant pleads not guilty. The complaint this time was forced by a competitor in the coke business. It is not pleasant to a liberty-loving, law-abiding citi-zen to be summoned into court, accused of disturbing the peace, and branded as a criminal for exercising an inalienable right. But the  defendant has no  toward any one, nor does he doubt the honesty of those who caused his prosecution in 1894, or question your hon-or's sincerity at that time when you fined me $50 and costs. I bear no  even against John K. Leather or his son. Although I have gathered evidence which would show greater disregard of the Sunday law than that of which I was accused eight years ago, I would abhor, I would detest myself were I to use it in retaliation. Your honor, I want it distinctly understood that I am not posing as a martyr, but I am here is a man and a citizen having certain in-alienable rights based upon the law of God and recognized by the Bill of Rights of this Commonwealth. I was fifty years old the fourth day of August. My mind runs back to the time when I stood at my mother's knee at about the age of seven.  That mother taught her son what the Stars and Stripes meant ; what it cost to defend the principles they represent. She told him of the Declar-ation of Independence; of Madison and Jeffer-son, of Roger Williams, of Washington and Abraham Lincoln. My parents taught me the principles of liberty-loving old New England, and to lay down my life for them if need be. Your honor, father and mother are now at rest, but those principles well up in my heart and mind to-day. The command, "Honor thy father and thy mother," is one that the civil law has a right to enforce as far as it can, but the enforcement of religious laws are retro-grade steps back toward the oppression of the Dark Ages. The judge here interposed the remark that the commandment quoted was one that "may be broken frequently with much common sense in the breaking," and then adjourned court. When court reassembled for the afternoon session Mr. Gibson continued substantially as given below. There were a number of interruptions by the judge, some of which are included : Your honor, I was about to speak of my ancestors, many of whom were born in Ver-mont, a State which has as good a reputation for law-abiding people and which has pro-duced men and women of as high character and ability as any State in New England. Two of my mother's uncles, William Shafter 