830 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY gan. There was "considerable argu-ment leading to some mirth, but to no very satisfactory conclusion." Some of the questions raised were : " Should the Christian people of Lincoln ride on the trains from one town to another or on the street-cars to and from church services on the Sabbath? Should they put notices in the Sunday papers? Should the children eat candy, the young people go riding, or the older ones smoke cigars and read the Sunday papers ?" "On some of these questions the ministers agreed almost unani-mously, but on others there were many who held opinions extremely different as to the method of dealing with and destroying Sabbath desecration." " The great difficulty throughout the meeting was that it is hard to say where the limit should be placed, and many admitted that no set rule can be fixed for the obserVance of all the people, and that they themselves were doing some of the things mentioned on the day of rest, yet did not consider that in their cases it could be mitigated." The mat-ter of having gas for lighting and cook-ing, thus entailing labor on the part of the employees of the gas factory, was brought up, and the pastor of the First Christian Church declared that he could not agree with those who said that "we must have the gas to cook our dinners." "I say to my brothers," said he, "you don't need to cook your Sunday dinner; give your stomach a rest as well as your body, or eat cold food if you must eat." At this point the speaker was interrupted with these interrogatories : "How about the lights in the churches? Shall we preach in the dark? " To which the response was made : "No, no ; I don't want to go that far, but we must set a limit some-where." " As to the riding on trains on Sunday, nearly all agreed that it is  only in extreme cases that men need to travel on Sunday, provided all people agreed to stop traffic on that day. Some questioned the possibility of not using the street-cars on the Sabbath." It was stated that there are people who "be-long to some denomination whichŁ pos-sibly has only one church, and that away off in another part of town, so that they must use the street-cars to ride to and from their church serv-ices." To this some of the sticklers for the creed of strict Sunday observ-ance replied: "That is rather foolish. These people should not be such stick-lers for creed. They can get the Holy Word at some church near their own home, save their money, and discourage the necessity for conductors and motor-men on Sunday." Others said: "We are not of that opinion. If a person cannot get that which satisfies his soul in a denomination near home, he is en-titled to go elsewhere if he chooses." The paper on "Sabbath desecration" declared with regard to the Sunday newspaper "that this institution was one of the great sins perpetrated on the holy day," and that "it cannot be said to be conducive to good in any way." Yet the speaker declared in the same connection that "there are a great many good things, many things of spe-cial interest, of which you and I are very desirous to learn, which are held back for the Sunday edition, and we must read the Sunday papers to get' them." Some one asked, "How about putting notices of Sunday services in these papers ?" and declared, "We are doing it." Then the secretary of the Y. M. C. A. said : "I have notices in the Sunday papers, just the same as the rest of you. More than that, I have been paying to have signs on' the street-cars on Sunday announcing our after-noon meeting. It may be that I am 