EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 11 he can really make anything, and that to 'close my place on Sunday will be to close it altogether .and give my trade to others'." The advocates of Sunday enforcement make considerable of the plea that Sunday closing is needed by the poor tradesmen, and that unless all are compelled to close, those who do will not be able to make ends meet. It is evident that there is another side to this matter ; and we do not know why a poor tradesman whose interests de-mand that he keep open on Sunday should not have as much protection in that opening as another who desires to close should have in his closing, and we do not think anybody else knows why either. The law should protect both in doing what they choose so long as they do not interfere with the actual rights of anybody else. The law should coddle neither of them, but that is what is demanded for the Sunday closer by the Sunday-enforcement champions. At the Emmanuel Baptist Church in New Castle, Pa., on December 13 the secretary of the Pennsylvania State "Sabbath" Association, Rev. T. T. Mutchler, "spoke on 'Labor's Right to a Day of Rest,' and showed that the Sunday law protected the employee from unreasonable encroachment upon his right." How about speaking on "The Individual's Right to Sunday," and showing that the Sunday law not only does not protect the individual from unreasonable encroachment upon his right, but is such encroachment? There is need for such speaking just now. On the same day Mr. Mutchler spoke at the First Presbyterian Church and at one of the Methodist churches. The next afternoon he "met the execu-tive committee of the Lawrence County Sabbath Association at the Y. M. C. A. hall for dificussion of methods," and during the week spoke every evening  at some point in the county. "Law-rence. County opponents of the more liberal Sunday law are being lined up in preparation for the campaign that ,is expected to follow the opening of the next session of the legislature," says the New Castle Herald, and what is be-ing done in this county is to be done in a great many more counties of the State. Following the inquiry of one of the clergymen as to "whether the Sunday entertainments in our theaters are con-trary to law," the Akron, Ohio, "evan-gelical alliance" on December 14 ap-pointed a committee of clergymen "to investigate the matter and report as to the steps to be taken." The clergy-man who caused this action declared: "I think it is getting rather bold when the theaters come out openly in the newspapers and announce Sunday afternoon and Sunday evening enter-tainments." Why is it any more bold than for the churches to come out openly in the newspapers and announce meetings for Wednesday or Friday or even Sunday? Theaters have as much right to announce and give entertain-ments as churches have to announce and hold meetings. Many so-called re-ligious meetings are in the nature of entertainments, even on Sunday. Why has not the theater as much right to entertain people on Sunday as has the church? , Says the Sabbath Recorder with regard to the work of the Philadelphia Sun-day-enforcement "Sabbath reform-ers:" "It needs no special prophetic gift to see that those who are engaged in such inconsistent and unjust discrim-ination against the weaker violators of the law are hastening its repeal." It is sincerely to be hoped then that this crusade of discrimination and injustice will be continued. 