"SABBATH REFORM" OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA 791 p and costs. The following persons also were fined : Louis Bleiman, 304 North Second Street; C. J. Roth, 910 Susque-hanna Avenue ; D. Weidman, Broad and Cumberland Streets. Ira H. Moore, Tenth and York Streets ; C. A. Martin, Cumberland and Opal Streets; and A. Eubank, 1616 Cumberland Street, paid costs only. A sensation was made in court when Mr. Samuel Stern, of 304 Susquehanna Avenue, was called. He readily re-sponded, and when Biddle was about to be sworn, Mr. Stern, in a dramatic manner, pushed Biddle's hand away from the Bible, and would not allow any testimony, but made a stirring ad-dress, and paid up his $6.50. He spoke as follows : "Judge, I object to this man placing his hand upon the Bible. I have too much respect for the book and its con-tents. This man, by putting his hand on the Holy Book, commits a sacrilege. . . . It seems to me to be useless to attempt to deny that my place was open for business, or deny making any sales, even if Vail's spies would not be ca-pable of proving it. Your honor, looking around this room, and seeing these poor people, half frightened, looking upon the prosecutor [Vail] of these people, being a representative of Christianity, I very much regret Christianity stoops so low Š that one bearing the title of "Reverend," a doctor of Christianity, should be a prosecutor of his own fel-low beings. With all due respect to religion and your efforts in one direc-tion only [turning to Vail] I ask you whether there is not a better way to save sinners than this ? These people are making only a scant and bare liv-ingŠand then to make them observe a law which is over one hundred years old. Don't you think it would be bet-ter and more Godlike to preach against the supposed violation of the Sabbath day, instead of persecuting these poor people ? You cannot enforce the old law. ' To-day Philadelphia has a popula-tion of nearly one and a half million people, and therefore it is impossible and ridiculous to try in these times to enforce such a law. No broad-minded man who has a Christian spirit, and respect for his fellowmen, can ever ap- prove of this action of your so-called Sabbath Association. . . . Your honor, instead of bringing these people here and exacting their hard-earned money, which is earned by the sweat of their brow, if the law is to be enforced, let it be by the proper authorities, and not by a handful of men who are well fed and comfortable, and sit in their homes, with plenty at their command, laugh-ing at the persecution of their poorer brothers. Your honor, the reason I did not want this man [Biddle] who is a spy of this Christian gentleman [Vail] to be sworn,' was because no man who acts in the capacity they do can ever lay his hand on the Bible without com-mitting sacrilege. No American citi-zen who has any principle would ever go around on Sunday securing evidence ( ?) in the manner they do, however much they might benefit by it. I thank your honor for allowing me to express my feelings, and right here is my Thanksgiving feast, 'six fifty.' While you are eating your turkey think over our loss. Your honor, all this money is blood-stained, and the city would do well not to accept it, or put it with the `honest-earned money.' All the chance we have here is as much as Jesus had before Pontius Pilate." In answer to the judge about keeping closed in the future, Mr. Stern said : "I am not in the habit of making prom-ises I cannot keep. I do not lie ; and cannot tell a lie." Mr. Stern told me afterward that he had taught Sunday school, and felt a delight in his work. He now supports an aged father and mother, and his wife sends money to help her mother in her declining years. We hope that our opponents will soon see their mistake, and give up this sys-tem of persecution and use moral sua-sion. This is from the report of the trials on November 4, when about forty deal-ers were arraigned : The hearings took place as usual be-fore Magistrate South on Wednesday last, when about forty unfortunate dealers were accused by the Rev. G. S. Vail and his hirelings of violations of the Sunday law. Lately the informer 