744 THE SENTINEL OF matter, being moved by motives of or-dinary selfishness rather than by religious intolerance, but who find in the religious prejudice and hatred that exists against the Jews a very convenient and powerful factor in the accomplishment of their pur-poses. The parallel to this in the matter of Sunday enforcement in this country is afforded by the organizations of clerks, barbers, butchers, grocers and others who seek by means of Sunday legislation and enforcement absolutely to prohibit all persons from engaging in any of their respective lines of business on Sunday. They care very little for the religious phase of the matter, but they find in the religious sentiment which favors and demands Sunday enforcement a very con-venient, eager, and powerful factor for the accomplishment of what they are after. And in both cases, although it may somewhat plausibly be argued other-wise, the evil principle of religious big-otry and intolerance is at work. We have stated that Rumania is a "Christian" nation. So also are the European powers which, though having specifically pledged themselves to permit nothing of the kind, al- CHRISTIAN LIBERTY low Rumania to go on unmolested in her persecution of the Jews. There is a lesson in this that is not without value in its bearing upon the "Christian na-tion" fallacy that is being proclaimed in the United States to-day. A great news-paper well says : "The history of Jewish persecutions the past two thousand years isn't anything for Christians to be proud of." No, it is not ; and the reason why there have been such abominable perse-cutions is because there have been too many "Christian nations," and too many "Christians"drunken with the"Christian-nation" idea. Professed Christians have forgotten the first and most fundamental precepts of the Christian religion, and have gone about attempting to uphold and advance Christianity by means of civil law, not knowing nor caring what manner of spirit they were of. Perhaps it would be hardly fair to say it in this connection, but no Christians have ever persecuted Jews. To persecute is to re-pudiate Christianity. He who in the name of Christianity persecutes Jews is a thousand times less a Christian than is an honest-hearted, justice-lov-ing Jew. Ł The struggle now closing has been one of the most momentous in the his-tory of American labor controversies. It has been so for the great numbers and vast interests involved; for the stretch of time through which it extended; for the solidarity of class feeling, on one side and the other, which it evoked ; for the dra-matic shiftings of the contest, and for the immense significance of the terms of set-tlement.ŠNew York Evening Post. a Chaplains were first authorized in our army in 1812, when one chaplain with  the rank of major was allowed to each brigade and twenty post chaplains were authorized. In 1861 regimental and hospital chaplains were authorized ; after the Civil War regimental chaplains were authorized only for the colored regi-ments, and thirty post chaplaincies were created to take the place of the existing regimental chaplaincies. By the act of Feb. 2, 1901, the post chaplaincies were abolished, and one chaplain was author-ized for each regiment, and twelve chap-lains for the artillery corps, a total of fifty-seven. There are now forty-eight in the service. The duties required of 