THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ' instituted "together with the holy estate of wedlock." If man had not become subject to sin there would have been divine govern-ment, but no human, or civil, government ; for without evildoers there would have been no possible place for "a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil." (Rom. 13 : 4.) If men had never gotten into the way of wronging one another there would have been no need of an insti-tution which should restrain them by the use of the swordŠby forceŠfrom such wrongdoing. But because men did fall into the way of wronging one another, which came as the result of sin, they were obliged to institute some sort of civil government for protection from one an- other. 1 4a, And whatever sort of government may have existed previously, there is reason to believe that with Nimrod there came a most significant and important change. "The authority of former rulers rested upon the feeling of kindred; and the as-cendancy of the chief was an image of parental control. Nimrod, on the con-trary, was a sovereign of territory, and of men just so far as they were its inhabit-ants and irrespective of personal ties. Hitherto there had been tribesŠenlarged familiesŠsociety : now there was a na-tion, a political communityŠthe state." So it is perfectly true in a sense, and in a very full sense, that Nimrod introduced civil government. And not only was it arbitrarily introduced by him, but under him it was exceedingly arbitrary and des-potic. And this suggests another thing that must not be forgotten. While it is true that civil government among men has its source in the divinely-implanted principle of order and justice in men, that prin-ciple does not always control it by any means, for it is often subjected to and made the instrument of altogether other things. Throughout history men have  found in the institution of government the great means of gratifying the am-bition for dominion, the passion for power, and it has often been made the instrument of injustice and oppression and the agent of disorder and anarchy. It is possible, therefore, for civil govern-ment to divest itself of even the indirect divine authority which it may claim, for when it becomes the instrument of in-justice and oppression it is at war with the principle in human nature which gives it its right to be, and which alone gives it any sort of connection with God. Yet history shows us that it has been at just such times that the administrators of government have been most positive as to its divine character and authority. He who is most alive to the divine principles of law and order will be the last to assert that civil government was instituted directly by God, and is directly His agent in the world. It is of divine origin only in the sense that God has placed in man such a love of justice and order that even in his sinful condition he cannot accept anarchy as the normal state for himself and his fellows, but is impelled to maintain some degree of or-der and justice, and for that purposes establishes and maintains civil govern-ment. Ł "The Catholic Indian Problem" A RECENT issue of the Catholic Stand-ard and Times (Philadelphia) contains a long article on " The Catholic Indian Problem," called forth by the late annual report of the director of the Bureau of (Roman) Catholic Indian Missions, Washington, D. C. The fact is empha-sized that " the burden of aiding the Catholic Indian mission schools, amount-ing in round numbers to $14o,090 per annum, which up to June 30, 1900, was borne by the Government, has been borne by the Bureau since that date." The whole article evidences the fact that the 