SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 383 was quite strict Sunday enforcement in New York City on the first two Sundays in April. The work began with some of the patrolmen on the last Sunday in March, and on April 6 there were 121 ar-rests in Greater New York for violations of the excise law, and 14 arrests of shop-men and small tradesmen. It is said to have been the "dryest" Sunday known since the famous Roosevelt regime of 1895. But notwithstanding the fact that there was strict enforcement, the sale of liquors was not greatly lessened, for all those places holding Raines' law hotel licenses, and there are 2,300 of them, did business as usual, and it was said that in many respects it was the most busy day these places had known since they came into existence. The ordinary saloons be-ing closed those who wished drinks went to these places, where the "wooden sand-wiches" were used to make the transac-tion legal. The saloonkeepers knew that strict enforcement against Sunday open-ing was coming, and they hastened to join the police in an effort to secure as rigid enforcement of the Sunday law as possible. On the preceding day the Li-quor Dealers' Association, representing 8,000 saloonkeepers, decided to close and to aid the police "to enforce every blue law on the statute books." And so in some parts of the city small shopkeepers, stationery stores and news stands were compelled by the police to close. For the first time in years, it is said, the doors of the small dry good stores in the upper part of the .city were locked. Magistrate Crane, before whom a number of these small dealers were arraigned, in the Es-sex Market Court, said that the li-quor dealers were making a great mis-take in causing such arrests, and de-dared that "there are more serious crimes committed than the selling of a trifling article, and the police would do  well to pay their attention to such crimes." On the next Sunday, April 13, there were scarcely half as many arrests of saloonkeepers, but the New York Tri-bune, in its report, naively declared that "from the Battery to the Bronx, with a few exceptions, saloonkeepers observed the seventh day as one of rest." Saloons were closed, but "hotels" were open, so that "no thirsty soul was unsatisfied," "no beer-seeking citizen failed to quench his thirst." Special attention was given on this Sunday to the Jews on the lower East Side who observe the seventh day. From 14 on the previous Sunday the number of arrests of small shopkeepers rose to 57. All of these were fined $5 each. The offenses ranged all the way from the selling of peanuts to the selling of suits and furniture. A young woman went into a little Hester Street millinery store to buy a feather with which to trim a new hat. The man who sold the feather was arrested. Another sold a cape ; others sold hats, dress trimmings, linen, furniture, waists, underwear, men's hats, neck-ties, ribbons and innumerable other little things. Each and every one was arrested and locked up. Many of them succeeded in getting bail, but others were not so fortunate, and had either to stay in jail or resort to the usurious demands of the "professional" bondsman. This brought "untold hardship to the thousands of Hebrews who may not buy on Saturday, their Sabbath, and cannot buy on Sunday, the legal day of rest." The order was changed on the following Sunday, Mayor Low having instructed the Commissioner of Police to see that the Jews were unmolested during the two Sundays of the Passover festival. All manner of trading went on on the 2oth, and it is said that "for the first Sunday in months the 'kosher' or butch-er shops were open and did business un-molested by the police." 