THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 333 Man's Right to the Sabbath. "The Sabbath was made for man." Mark 2 :27. Therefore, man has a right to the Sabbath day. He has this right as an individual, for the Sabbath was given to the individual man, and man's relation to God is an individual relation, and must be so long as it embraces faith, love, and individual accountability. All days were made for man, but the Sabbath above all other days. No other day of the week is especially designated in this way. Man has a higher right, there-fore, to the Sabbath day than to any other day. Any interference by the state with a man's right to an ordinary working day, would be recognized as an act of despotism. What then must be true of state in-terference with man's right to the day especially made for him ? The state has no right in the Sabbath and can have none, since the Creator did not, and man cannot give the Sabbath to the state. Man cannot give the Sabbath to the state because it is not his to give. The Sabbath is the Lord's, and man can neither give it into other hands nor transfer any right which he has in the day. Hence there is no way by which any right in the Sabbath can be acquired by the state. Therefore, any state Sabbath law (assuming Sun-day to be the Sabbath) is wholly without foundation in right and justice, and represents only an act of med-dling with that which the state has no right to touch. The Sunday laws (if Sunday be the Sabbath) interfere with the highest right a man can have with respect to days of the week. They touch the very day which was especially made for man, and from which, of all days, the state should keep hands off. This being true, such laws have no rightful place upon the statute books of state or nation, and can de-rive no justification from the good and pious motives with which many men engage in their support. And this would be equally true of laws enforcing the seventh day, specified as the Sabbath in the law of God. In .any case, state Sabbath laws are wrong in principle, and can only be evil in practice, however plausible in appearance. No gift of God to man needs to be enforced by civil law. No blessing can be drawn down from heaven upon men by the civil power. No good from the in-stitutions of Christianity can be extracted by law. Man's right to the Sabbath can be infringed by law, but not preserved. That right is secured only through man's individual relation to the Creator. s. Coercive Sunday Observance and American Principles. ' [By the late Judge Thomas M. Cooley.] This is a country of religious liberty, not of relig-ious toleration merely. Every person is entitled to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science, under the obligations which rest upon all alike, that public order shall be respected, and the require-ments of morality and decency observed. Whenever the law, either in terms or by the method employed in its enforcement, goes beyond this, and undertakes to compel observances that are only required by particu-lar creeds, no matter how numerous may be those who consider them of divine obligation, it becomes tyran-nical and destructive of a fundamental principle of American liberty. It is also tyrannical when it pun-ishes as a public offence the management of a citizen's private affairs in such a manner as his own conscience approves, taking care in doing so neither to wrong nor to disturb those of his fellow citizens who differ with him in their views. If, in their opinion, the course he pursues must be displeasing to the Ruler of the world, the question involved belongs not to human tribunals, and it is the purpose of our constitutional system that human laws administered by imperfect hu-man instruments shall not assume to deal with it. This is a commonplace in the United States of America, but it cannot be too often repeated or too distinctly borne in mind. The Faith of the Flag. "Who will haul down the flag ?" quoth he. Why, no hand of flesh or bone Can lower that flag on land or sea Till the faith of the flag is gone ! Till a few shall rule and cunningly keep The bunting to garnish their greed ; Till dollars are dear and humanity cheap By the force of a Tory creed ! Then will it fall ! but answer us clear, Do you fancy that hour is drawing near ? Did our liberty bell ring in vain? Was our Declaration a lie? Must we turn to the Old World again With the penitent prodigal's cry? Must we arm us and march in the van Of Europe's barbaric parade, And boom out gunpowder gospel to man To open a pathway for trade? Shall we strut through the world and bluster and brag With the dollar mark stamped on the brave old flag? Nay ! haul up the flag ! raise it high ! Not yet is its spirit spent ! Let it sing to the wind and the sky The truth that it always meant ! Let it sing of the birthright of man, Of progress that never can lag ; Let it sing that trade may go where it can, But liberty follows the flag ! ANON. 