724 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY question of adaptability and equipment. . . . What is the result of our malprac-tise ? Why, we are bringing up all over this broad land a lusty set of young pagans, who, sooner or later, they or their children, will make havoc of our institutions. Lynchers, labor agitators and law-breakers generally are human guide posts, with arms, hands, and fingers wide extended and voices at their loudest, pointing us to the ruin which awaits society if we per-severe in the road which we are now taking. Foreign war would make a unit of as brave, as resourceful a peo-ple as ever knew existence; but let severe pressure come from within, and we shall see, to our silly surprise, how little the average American cares for his country as a sacred, God-made in-stitution. . . . We have problems of ap-palling magnitude before us, and our preparation is wholly insufficient in character. We need powers of assim-ilation such as no other country ever needed; yet we are making ready for a solution of our difficulties with a sort of spiritual dyspepsia. Nothing ever was so haphazard, happy-go-lucky as our well-meant national system of edu-cation. It is openly and, I believe, justly charged that this city, for fifty or sixty years past, through its schools, has been corrupting the immigrants, not, the immigrants the city; and the same might be said with equal truth of the country at large. What crass mismanagement! What fatal blunder-ing! We pride ourselves on our suc-cessful separation of church and state; but the attempt is the worst kind of failure. No such separation is possible as long as the state has almost a mo-nopoly in educating the children. The truth is, we have an established relig-ion, for the support of which the people are heavily taxed. Our richly endowed established religion (so to call it) is that of agnosticism, running down into atheism. . . . Protestants, Roman Cath-olics, and Hebrews have struck a com-promise by which God and Christ Šyes, and with them pagan ethics at their best Š are eliminated from the educa-tion of the child life of the nation. What is the result? Why, surely, the virtual enthronement of forces that dis- believe in God and Christ and are an-tagonistc to them. How can those who know what Christianity is and what the nature and needs of children are believe otherwise ? There can be no education in these days without relig-ion, or its negation or opposite. . . . We are dishonoring every form of re-ligion known to our people by our co-lossal and well-meant but wholly stupid meddling with the nursery of the na-tion. And the inevitable result, which is becoming more and more evident, is that no one is satisfied. . . . What, then, is the right, the duty and the policy of the state in this vitally impor-tant matter? The situation calls loudly for an answer, which is easily given, hard, indeed, though it be to put it into practise. The state, for its own protection, is to see that the children are educated, and only to take action where it is necessary to do so, by pro-viding the simplest, most elementary kind of an education for those children who would otherwise be neglected. . . . In this way an open field and no favor would be given to every religious body to provide proper education for its own children or take the consequences of its neglect of duty. Private schools, large and small, differing in ethics and patriotism, would again spring up and multiply all over the land, and educa-tion would again be on a proper and safe basis. The children, or most of them, would be Christianized as well as Americanized. Pagans might be in-structed in pagan ethics ; Jews would be instructed in Jewish ethics; Protest-ants and Roman Catholics in Christian ethics. Every religious body would provide for the education of its own children; and the exceptions to this salutary rule would see their children state educated and made thereby the easy prey of some stronger form of religion, or the victim of agnosticism, indifferentism or atheism and conse-quent immorality. This means division in part, at least, of the school moneys, and troublesome enough it is likely to prove; but it is sailors' snug harbor in comparison with the stormy seas which we are now steering the ship of state for. Here is the opportunity for Protestants of all kinds to cry aloud, 