82 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY legislature of South Dakota. In a dis-patch it is termed a " freak." And yet is there not more common sense in a measure prohibiting the playing of foot-ball than in one prohibiting " common labor " and " worldly employments " ? South Dakota, in common with most of the other States, now has upon its statute book such a measure as the latter. See the Sunday law. Three weeks ago Łmention was made in these columns of the case of a Seventh-day Adventist whose appointment to a permanent position in the service of the Post-office Department had been " held up " by the officials at Washirigton be-cause he had stated that he could not conscientiously work on the seventh day of the week. We learn from the news-papers that in a case of this kind that was pending the seventh-day observer " has received a permanent appointment," the matter having " been adjusted on the basis that he will not have to work on Saturdays, and his salary will be de-_ ducted for those days." That would seem to be a very proper and fair adjust-ment of the matter. 4 _ . A little newspaper in Iowa is authority for the news that " because he refused to sell tobacco and liquor in his drug store on Sundays, and refused to break the Sabbath by waiting on any customers, a Des Moines druggist has been adjudged insane and sent to the hospital at Mt. Pleasant." This is certainly " remark-able, if true." It would not have been so remarkable, but it would have been just as devoid of reason and justice if, instead of what is reported, the druggist had been adjudged an offender against " the peace and order of the State " and fined be-cause he did " break the Sabbath " by waiting on customers and selling goods on Sunday. In a case in which objection was made to the oral repetition of the Lord's Prayer and the Twenty-third Psalm during the opening exercises of a public school, on the ground that such repetition was a form of religious worship, Judge Hazen of Topeka, Kan., has decided that the mere oral repetition of those or any other portions of the Bible " does not consti-tute a form of religious worship," and that " mere reading in the schools of any portions of the Bible is not prohibited but is permitted by our statute." He says that " in this respect the Bible is placed on the same footing with all other books." Portions of it may be read, but " the teaching or inculcating of it in the public schools is prohibited." Application for an injunction to pre-vent the " national church " faction from " defiling " a church in Rizal Province was recently made to the Philippine Su-preme Court. The application was de-nied on the ground of lack of jurisdic-tion, the matter being one with which the courts of the province were competent to deal. It is not likely, however, that the courts will attempt to deal with the question of " defilement," for they are certainly not competent to do so. But they can decide as to which party is en-titled to the possession of the church, and if this is done in this case it will be the first instance in which the courts have settled a dispute between the two church factions over the possession of church property. Sunday closing has been made the test of unionism by the barbers' union of Quincy, Ill. Shops that have hitherto been placed in the " scab " class are rated as "fair " because they have agreed to close on Sunday, and at least one stanch union shop is rated as " unfair " because its proprietor 'refuses to close, He de-clares that the course of the union " is 