36 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the Assistant Attorney-General for the Post-office Department was then sought "as to the propriety of such an appoint-ment." He "soon found that a paragraph of the postal regulations prohibited work on the Sabbath, except in cases of 'great emergency,' " and the officers of the De-partment "decided unanimously that the provision, 'great emergency,' could not possibly be construed to cover any form of religious belief, and Wilson's appoint-ment was 'held up.' " But "he can have the job if he will consent to work on Sat-urday." Considering the amount of work that is done by the Post-office Depart-ment on Sunday it would seem that the officials in this instance displayed an un-due strictness with regard to "work on the Sabbath." It is strange that a man who observes the seventh day cannot be allowed to work on Sunday when thou-sands of other men work on that day. It looks very much as if it was not his de-sire to work on Sunday, but his desire not to work on the seventh day, that has caused the officials to "hold up" Mr. Wil-son's appointment. Would there be any scruples against his working on Sunday if he should "consent to work on Satur-day" ? The ministerial association 'of Ander-son, Ind., appointed a committee recently "to prepare for the press an expression of the attitude of the ministers of Ander-son toward the flagrant public desecra-tion of the Sabbath which at present pre-vails in our city." The committee, "in the name of. decency, law, and order," "most strongly" condemned "the opening of the Sunday theater," and protested "most strongly, too, against the open vio-lations of the laws in regard to the Sun-clay closing of liquor saloons, billiard halls, and places of business."' The "law-loving and law-abiding citizens of An-derson" were urgently called upon "to see that the officers of the law, whom they have elected to represent them, en-force to the letter the existing laws in re-gard to Sabbath observance." The clergy-men pledged their "heartiest support" to all "efforts to bring about a better condi-tion of affairs in our city on the Lord's day," and declared their "readiness to take the lead in any movement which the citi-zens may desire to make against the viola-tions of the Sunday laws." It was de-clared in conclusion that "our efforts to bring about a reign of law and order de-pend for their success upon the moral and financial support of the Christian people of Anderson." When it is explained why Christian peopleŠthat is, church peopleŠhave so deep an interest in this matter, or rather why success in it is dependent upon their support, it will be explained why the law and "the officers of the law" should have nothing to do with the matter, ex-cept to see that no force is employed in connection with it. Notwithstanding the recent adverse ac-tion of the House Committee on the Ju-diciary, which by a vote of seven to six decided not to report in favor of such an amendment, those who are working to secure the anti-polygamy amendment to the national Constitution are evidently determined to work harder than ever to accomplish that object. At its last na-tional convention the W. C. T. U. de-termined to make a great effort to secure this amendment, and during the present winter the work of rolling up petitions and creating a sentiment in favor of the amendment is to be vigorously prose-cuted. At present Dr. Sarah J. Elliott, a deaconess of the Episcopal Church who has lived ten or twelve years in Utah, is touring New York State under the auspices of the W. C. T. U. in the interests of this amendment. From a talk given by Dr. Elliott at the West End Presbyterian Church in this city on the evening of December 15 it appears that, 